--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 3 February 2021
This prospectus constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus" or the "Prospectus") for the purposes of Art. 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation") 
ACATUS SECURITIES S.A.
(incorporated as a regulated securitization company under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg)
PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF 
PAYMENT BACKED NOTES
Under its programme for the issuance of payment backed notes (the "Programme"), Acatus Securities S.A., a société 
anonyme incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with its registered office at 22-24, 
Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (the "Company") acting in respect of any of its compartments (the "Issuer") 
may from time to time issue bearer debt securities (the "Notes" and the holders of such Notes the "Noteholders"). 
The legal entity identifier of the Company is 391200Z1YUBKHDAS7461. The Company is a special purpose vehicle 
and has the status of a regulated securitization company under the Luxembourg law dated 22 March 2004 on 
securitization, as amended (the "Securitization Law"). The Notes will be issued in separate series (each, a "Series of 
Notes"). Each Series of Notes will be subject to the Securitization Law, and, in case of Luxembourg law governed 
Notes, the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the "Companies Law"). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its 
capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation for the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the 
purpose of offering the Notes to the public. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus nor of the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes.
This Prospectus will be valid until 3 February 2022. In case of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, the 
Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to the Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation of the Issuer to supplement this Prospectus will cease to apply upon 
expiry of the validity period of this Prospectus.
The Issuer has requested CSSF to provide the competent authority in Austria, France and Germany with a certificate 
of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.
Pursuant to the Securitization Law, the Company’s assets and liabilities may be divided into "Compartments". 
The rights of the Noteholders and of the Company's creditors are limited to the assets of the securitization 
undertaking. Where such rights relate to a Compartment or have arisen in connection with the creation, the 
operation or the liquidation of a Compartment, they are limited to the assets of that Compartment. The assets of a 
Compartment are exclusively available to satisfy the rights of Noteholders in relation to that Compartment and the 
rights of creditors whose claims have arisen in connection with the creation, the operation or the liquidation of that 
Compartment. The specific risks relating to the compartmentalisation are described in the section "Risk Factors". 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds of the issuance of a Series of Notes to acquire claims (or increase claims, as the 
case may be), which will form the assets underlying such Series of Notes (the "Underlyings") relating to contributory 
and/or non-contributory German traded endowment policies ("TEP") (the "Series TEPs"). The Issuer’s liabilities in

--- Page 2 ---
2
respect of any such Series of Notes will be allocated to a Compartment and will then be segregated from (i) the 
Company’s other assets and liabilities and (ii) the assets and liabilities relating to any other Compartment.
The Series TEPs have been issued by German insurance companies regulated and supervised by the German Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – "BaFin") which represent the 
obligors and originators in respect of the Underlyings (these obligors the "Insurers").
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial feasibility of the 
transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Art. 6(4) of the Luxembourg law 
dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities.
ANY REFERENCE IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS TO 'GUARANTEED AMOUNTS' OR 'GUARANTEED PAYMENTS' MAY NOT 
BE UNDERSTOOD AS A GUARANTEE BY THE ISSUER OR ANY OTHER PARTY IN RELATION TO THE PAYMENT OF SUCH 
AMOUNTS OR THAT ANY OF SUCH AMOUNTS OR PAYMENTS ARE THE SUBJECT OF ANY GUARANTEE. REFERENCES 
TO 'GUARANTEED AMOUNTS' OR 'GUARANTEED PAYMENTS' HAVE BEEN INCORPORATED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
DUE TO THEIR USE IN THE DOCUMENTATION RELATING TO THE SERIES TEP ONLY.
In this Base Prospectus, Notes to be issued under the Programme and offered to the public in the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") are referred to as (i) "PR Notes" in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, and (ii) "Exempt Notes" in circumstances which do not require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in 
relation to any Exempt Notes.
Unless the context requires otherwise, or as otherwise provided in this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms, 
capitalized words and expressions shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Terms and Conditions. 
Words importing the singular shall include the plural and vice-versa.
An investment in the Notes involves a high degree of risk as the payment under any Series of Notes is dependent on 
payments and distributions under and realization of the relevant Underlying(s). Investing in the Notes may result in 
the loss of the entire investment to the extent no payment is received from the Underlying(s). This could be the case, 
in particular, if the redemption amount is due, the Insurer is insolvent and the statutory security fund 
(Sicherungsfonds) is not able to make payments in that respect. For further details please see the section "Risk 
factors" commencing on page 6.
For the avoidance of doubt the content of any website referred to in this Base Prospectus, other than to a website 
containing information incorporated by reference into the prospectus, does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and the information on such websites has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Acatus Securities S.A. with its registered office at 22-24, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (the "Company") 
acting in respect of any of its compartments (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final 
Terms.
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for 
which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Distributor subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise none of the Distributors or any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Art. 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not 
historical facts, including statements about the Issuer's beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this Base 
Prospectus that states intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions underlying them) is a 
forward-looking statement. These statements are based on plans, estimates, and projections as they are currently 
available to the Issuer. Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made, and the Issuer 
undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. Forward-
looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could therefore cause 
actual results of the Issuer or of the Notes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking 
statement.

--- Page 4 ---
4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME........................................................................................ 5
RISK FACTORS......................................................................................................................................... 6
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER.................................................................................................................14
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................18
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................................64
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES PURSUANT TO GERMAN LAW ................................................65
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES PURSUANT TO LUXEMBOURG LAW ........................................77
TAXATION WARNING.............................................................................................................................91
SALES AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ....................................................................................................92
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (PR NOTES).......................................................................................................95
ANNEX I – INSURERS............................................................................................................................103
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT (EXEMPT NOTES)..............................................................................117

--- Page 5 ---
5
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
General
Under this Base Prospectus, Acatus Securities S.A. with its registered office at 22-24, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 
Luxembourg (the "Company") acting in respect of any of its compartments (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue bearer debt securities (the "Notes" and the 
holders of such Notes the "Noteholders") to each distributor.
The distributors of the Notes are JFD Bank AG, Keplerstr. 6, 71636 Ludwigsburg, Germany and Acatus GmbH, 
Rosenstraße 17, 10178 Berlin, Germany (each a "Distributor").
The issuing agent and paying agent shall be either: 
(i) Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt, Neue Mainzer Straße 46-50, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany; or
(ii) Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg, 11, Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each including any legal successor) (the "Issuing Agent" and the "Paying 
Agent").
Issue of Notes
The Securities are bearer debt securities (Inhaberschuldverschreibungen).
The Company establishes a single Compartment in relation to the Notes and issues each Series of Notes in relation 
to that Compartment. The costs of issuing the Series of Notes are paid from the Compartment’s funds.
The terms and conditions of the Notes are divided into "Part A – General Provisions" and "Part B – Product 
Provisions" (the "Terms and Conditions") which will be completed either by the relevant final terms (the "Final 
Terms") in the context of PR Notes (as defined below) or by the relevant pricing supplement (the "Pricing 
Supplement") in the context of Exempt Notes (as defined below) and then form the terms and conditions applicable 
to such Notes (the "Conditions of the Notes"). Furthermore and with respect to the governing law of the Notes, 
either Terms and Conditions pursuant to German law or to Luxembourg law are applicable. 
The Notes may be linked to either (i) Underlyings relating to non-contributory Series TEP (the "Non-contributory 
Notes"); (ii) Underlyings relating to contributory Series TEP (the "Contributory Notes"); or (iii) both, Non-
contributory Notes and Contributory Notes.
Offer and sale
The Notes may be offered to retail clients, professional clients or other eligible counterparties.
Listing and trading
A listing or admission to trading for the Notes on any stock exchange is not foreseen.

--- Page 6 ---
6
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, 
but the Issuer may be unable to fulfil its obligations in relation to the Notes or to pay any amounts on or in connection 
with the Notes for other reasons. The statements below regarding the risks of holding the Notes include the 
disclosure of risks known to the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus and which in its opinion are material to 
the Notes in its opinion. Additional risks not known at the date of this Base Prospectus or currently believed to be 
immaterial that could likewise have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes may arise. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The occurrence of one or more of the risks disclosed in this Base Prospectus and/or any supplement or any 
additional risks may lead to a material and sustained loss and, depending on the structure of the Notes, even 
result in the partial loss or even the total loss of the capital invested by the investor.
Expressions defined or used in the applicable terms and conditions or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus shall have 
the same meaning in this section "Risk factors".
Risk factors relating to the Issuer
Category 1: Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation
Limited recourse and payments in respect of the Underlyings
Payments under the Notes are subject to the payment of amounts due by the relevant Insurer that owes the payment 
pursuant to the relevant Underlying. This means that claims against the Issuer by Noteholders of each Series of Notes 
are limited to the respective Underlyings in respect of the Notes, including any amounts received by the Issuer, or 
collected, from the relevant Insurer and/or in respect of the Underlyings (the "Series Assets") relating to such Series 
of Notes. Furthermore, the Series Assets for a particular Series of Notes are only available for distribution to the 
Noteholders of such Series of Notes and any other creditor in relation to such Series of Notes (each such party, a 
"Series Party"). 
A creditor of the Issuer may have claims against the Issuer in respect of more than one Series of Notes. In that case, 
the claims in respect of each individual Series of Notes will be limited to the Series Assets relating to such Series of 
Notes. Noteholders will have recourse only to the Series Assets relating to the relevant Series.
Noteholders should be aware that, in the event of a shortfall, (i) the Issuer shall be under no obligation to pay, and 
the other assets (if any) of the Issuer including, in particular, assets serving as underlying of other Series of Notes 
will not be available for payment of such shortfall, (ii) all claims in respect of such shortfall shall be extinguished and 
(iii) the Noteholders and any counterparty of the Issuer in respect of such Series of Notes shall have no further claim 
against the Issuer in respect of such unpaid amounts. Failure to make any payment in respect of any such shortfall 
will not constitute an event of default under the Terms and Conditions. 
Therefore, any shortfall in the Series Assets will be borne by the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes. 
Noteholders should note that, according to the order of priority (the "Order of Priority") the claims of any tax 
authority and any receiver of the Issuer as well as the claims of the Agents in relation to a Series of Notes rank prior 
to the claims of the relevant Noteholders.
Other creditors' claims relating to the Issuer
The Series Assets relating to a Series of Notes may be subject to claims by creditors other than the relevant Series 
Parties for the relevant Series, resulting in a shortfall in the amounts available to meet the claims of the relevant 
Series Parties.
Investors may be exposed to competing claims of other creditors of the Issuer, the claims of which have not arisen 
in connection with the relevant Series of Notes. If foreign courts which have the jurisdiction over assets of the Issuer 
do not recognize the limitation regarding the limited recourse of other creditors to the Series Assets or if the Issuer 
was not able to agree with other creditors on the limitation of their claims with respect to the Series Assets or if

--- Page 7 ---
7
otherwise claims of creditors arise which are not subject to such limitations, the claims of these other creditors may 
affect the scope of assets which are available for each Noteholder and the other Series Parties. If, as a result of such 
claims, a shortfall arises, such shortfall will have to be borne by the Noteholders and the Series Parties.
Risk arising due to a single Compartment 
All Series of Notes relate to one single Compartment. There is a risk that courts do not recognise the segregation 
into Series Assets and limited recourse to such Series Assets within this single Compartment. The claims of other 
Noteholders and creditors may negatively affect the scope of the relevant Series Assets, which are principally
available for the claims of the relevant Noteholder. If as a result of such lack of recognition and competing claims, a 
shortfall arises, such shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders. In any such circumstances, there is a risk that the 
Noteholders may suffer a loss.
Consequences of bankruptcy proceedings
Although the Company will seek to contract on a "limited recourse" and "non-petition" basis, it cannot be excluded 
as a risk that the assets of the Company will become subject to bankruptcy proceedings. 
The Company will seek to contract only with parties who agree not to make application for the commencement of 
winding-up, liquidation and bankruptcy or similar proceedings against the Company. Legal proceedings initiated 
against the Company in breach of these provisions would, in principle, be declared inadmissible by a Luxembourg 
court.
If the Company fails for any reason to meet its obligations or liabilities, i.e. the Company is unable to pay its debts 
and may obtain no further credit, a creditor, who has not (and cannot be deemed to have) accepted non-petition 
and limited recourse provisions in respect of the Company, will be entitled to make an application for the 
commencement of bankruptcy proceedings against the Company.
The commencement of such proceedings may – under certain conditions – entitle creditors, including the relevant 
counterparties to terminate contracts with the Company and claim damages for any loss created by such early 
termination. 
In the event that the Company were to become subject to a bankruptcy or similar proceeding, the rights of the 
Noteholders could be uncertain, and payments on the Notes may be limited and suspended or stopped.
In case of a withdrawal of the authorization of the Company, the public prosecutor may, acting on its own initiative 
or upon the application of the CSSF, order the dissolution or liquidation of the Company. Such forced liquidation is 
made in accordance with the Securitization Law.
Debt financing of corporate expenses by the Company
The Company, as borrower, entered into a subordinated loan agreement with Acatus GmbH, as subordinated lender,
with the amount of EUR 100,000 in December 2019 and may enter into further additional subordinated loan 
agreements with Acatus GmbH for the purpose of financing its initial corporate expenses. Such loan may only be 
entered into provided that Acatus GmbH accepts the limited recourse and non-petition provisions applicable to the 
Company.
The redemption of such loan is dependent on the Company’s ability to pay back amounts due out of its profits 
generated from its business transactions.
Category 2: Risks related to the Issuer requiring Cooperation Partners
The Notes will be offered through the Acatus Platform with Acatus GmbH acting as tied agent of a placement agent 
(the placement agent, the custody bank, the paying agent, the issuing agent, the servicer and any other service 
provider from time to time appointed, the "Service Providers" and, together with the originator, the "Cooperation 
Partners").
For the purpose of the Programme, the Issuer has entered and intends to enter into master insurance receivables 
purchase agreements, cooperation agreements and placement agreements. Such agreements may terminate and 
the Cooperation Partners may not perform as expected under the relevant agreements and disagreements or 
disputes with the Cooperation Partners may arise in the future, which could negatively impact or threaten the 
cooperation and relationship with the Issuer.

--- Page 8 ---
8
Moreover, the Issuer is required to appoint a corporate servicer and a Luxembourg custody bank as the Issuer’s 
custodian for any liquid assets and securities (if any) under the Securitization Law in order to be able to undertake 
its note issuance activities under the Programme.
If any Service Provider were to suspend or cease its operations or its relationship with the Issuer, or such 
counterparty were to otherwise terminate the relevant agreement, the Issuer would be required to implement 
substantially similar arrangements with Service Providers, potentially obtain additional licenses and potentially 
curtail its operations. If the Issuer is required to increase its commitments in respect of the Underlying(s) an 
Extraordinary Early Redemption Event occurs as a consequence of which the Issuer has the right to terminate the 
Notes.
Similarly, in case of any suspension or termination of the operations or business of, or a termination of a contractual 
arrangement with, any other service provider, the corporate servicer or the custodian, the Issuer may not be able to 
appoint a new service provider which may have an adverse effect on the performance of the Notes and/or a winding-
up of the Issuer’s operations.
Category 3: Risk in relation to the Securitization Law
The Company is incorporated as a public liability limited company (société anonyme) and established as a regulated 
securitization undertaking (société de titrisation agréée) within the meaning of the Securitization Law in order to 
offer securities in accordance with the provisions of such law and is authorized and supervised by the CSSF.
Pursuant to the Securitization Law, the board of directors of the Company may establish one or several 
Compartments. Each Compartment represents a separate and distinct part of the Company’s estate (patrimoine). 
The rights of Noteholders against the Company in respect of a Series of Notes are limited to the assets of the 
corresponding Compartment. However, Noteholders may be exposed to competing claims of other creditors of the 
Company if foreign courts or regulators which have jurisdiction over assets of the Issuer allocated to a Compartment 
do not recognise the segregation of assets and the compartmentalisation, as provided for in the Securitization Law.
The claims of these other creditors may affect the scope of assets which are available for the claims of Noteholders. 
Apart from that, the Company is considered as a single taxpayer for the purposes of its tax assessments, on the basis 
of it being a single legal entity (as confirmed by the administrative Circular LIR 100/1 of 13 2007 issued by the head 
of the Luxembourg direct tax authorities). As a result, notwithstanding the segregation of assets between the 
different Compartments vis-à-vis any Noteholders and other creditors, it cannot be excluded that any available assets 
of the Company may potentially be used to satisfy tax claims, if any, which remain unpaid. 
Category 4: Risks related to the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as the 
outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 first identified in December 2019 and its associated disease (Covid-19), together with any 
measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, 
prolonged closures of workplaces, or curfews or other social distancing measures, may have a material adverse effect 
on the global economy and international financial markets in general and on the markets in which the Issuer operates 
in particular. The implications of such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of 
the respective outbreak as well as the timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, the 
availability of resources, including human, material, infrastructure and financial (e.g., governmental stimulus 
packages and/or measures introduced by central banks) required to implement effective responses to the respective 
situation at the international, national and regional level as well as the level of civil compliance with such measures. 
There is no guarantee that such measures, or a combination thereof, are effective means to combat such an outbreak 
and the implications resulting therefrom, which may result in an increase of risks related to the Issuer's financial and 
operational situation.
Additionaly, higher death rates due to Covid-19 could have a negative impact on the average life expectancies of the 
Policy Holders and thus affect the cashflows resulting from life insurance policies.
Serious public health concerns, and in particular Covid-19, can have a considerable negative impact on the Issuer's 
business activities and may lead to a possible partial or even total loss of the capital amount invested by the 
investors.

--- Page 9 ---
9
Risk factors relating to the Notes
Category 5: Risks in relation the early redemption or termination of the Notes
The occurrence of certain events (such as inter alia a Policyholder Event, an Extraordinary Policyholder Event or an 
Extraordinary Early Redemption Event) is unforeseeable and may include the death of an insured person under a 
Series TEP or any other impact on the Notes before the maturity date of the Notes. Should an insured person decease
or any other event specified in the Terms and Conditions occur during the term of the Notes, the Notes will be 
redeemed early in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
However, early redemption or termination of the Notes may not provide for a compensation being payable to a 
Noteholder and may lead to a reduction of the expected yield under the Notes. A Noteholder may not be able to 
reinvest the amounts repaid on the basis of the same or equivalent terms applicable to the Notes.
Category 6: Liquidity risk
A listing or admission to trading for the Notes on any stock exchange is not foreseen. Should a listing occur, it cannot 
be guaranteed that any authorisation for trading will prevail for the term of the Notes. In case such authorisation is 
cancelled or in case the Notes are not listed at all, it may be very difficult to find market participants who are willing 
to purchase and sell the Notes. 
The Company will not act as market maker in respect of the Notes. This means the Company will not provide 
continuous purchase and sale prices for the Notes. Noteholders should not assume that they can purchase or sell 
their Notes at a certain time or price. For the above-mentioned reasons, a liquid secondary market in the Notes may 
not develop. A liquid secondary market may not prevail for the term of the Notes.
Furthermore, any aggregate offer volume stated in the applicable Final Terms should be understood as indicative 
and investors should not rely on this figure when assessing any potential secondary market liquidity of the Notes. 
The actual offer amount depends on the prevailing market conditions and may be subject to changes during the 
term of the Notes.
Category 7: Risks in relation to potential conflicts of interests
Each of the Distributor, the Endowment Policy Trader, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Custodian and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent are entitled to receive a fee from the Company or the Issuer for their services performed 
in relation to the Issuer or the Notes. Fees relating to the Issuer are covered by the Initial Surcharge. As a result the 
foregoing parties have a material interest in the issuance of the Notes and conflicts of interest between such parties 
and the Noteholders may arise.
Risk Factors relating to Underlyings
Category 8: Risks in relation to payments due under the Notes
Non-payment by the Insurer in case of insufficient evidence
If an insurance payout from the Series TEPs is claimed, the Insurer may demand the submission of the certificate of 
insurance and a certificate showing the date of birth of the policyholder.
The Insurer must be notified of the death of the policyholder without undue delay. In addition to the certificate of 
insurance, the following documents must be submitted to the Insurer in German – as certified translations, if 
required: an official death certificate containing age and place of birth, a detailed medical or official certificate of 
the cause of death and of the onset and progress of the illness that resulted in the death of the policyholder.
The Insurer may demand further evidence and information if this is necessary to clarify its payout obligation.
The payments of the Insurer under the relevant Series TEP become due after the Insurer has completed the 
investigations that are necessary to determine the insured event and the extent of the Insurer’s payout obligation. 
If it is not possible to submit the required evidence, this can result in the Insurer being unable to determine whether 
and to what extent it has a payout obligation. Such breach of duty can therefore result in the Insurer’s payment in 
relation to the full insurance cover not becoming due or Noteholders may receive the Surrender Amount at maturity 
of the TEP or the potentially reduced insurance cover may be paid out at a later stage by the Insurer.
The payment of the death payment amount in respect of the Series TEPs is carried out at the expense and at the risk 
of the Issuer, who is the economic beneficiary under the Series TEPs.

--- Page 10 ---
10
No obligation to notify any death of an insured person by the Endowment Policy Trader
Prospective investors should be aware that EPEX is not liable for the failure to notify the Insurer of the death of the 
insured person. Investors should therefore be aware, that the policyholder by way of assignment undertook to 
provide EPEX with all information and to perform all legal acts (including fulfilment of certain information duties vis-
à-vis the Insurer) necessary for the assertion of the transferred claims, i.e. the Underlyings, under the relevant TEP. 
The heirs of an insured person have an economic incentive to notify EPEX of any death of such insured person. Such 
incentive arises from an undertaking given by EPEX within the course of the acquisition of the endowment policy:
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of such acquisition EPEX undertakes to pay upon the death of the insured 
person the difference of (i) the death benefit and (ii) the sum of (a) the purchase price paid by EPEX to the 
policyholder, (b) any premiums paid after the acquisition and (c) an interest amount related to the purchase price 
and such premiums (Kaufpreiserhöhung).
However, the risk remains of the Insurer not being notified of the death of the insured person in due time, potentially 
due to the heirs remaining unaware of the existence of the TEP. This may result in the Insurer’s payment in relation 
to the full insurance cover not becoming due or Noteholders may receive the Surrender Amount at maturity of the 
TEP or the potentially reduced insurance cover may be paid out at a later stage by the Insurer. 
Default risk of German insurance companies (credit/counterparty risk)
The Noteholder is exposed to the credit risk of the Insurer as obligor of the relevant Underlying to which the relevant 
Series of Notes relates. Payments under the Notes depend on the performance of the Underlyings. In the event of 
any Insurer defaulting in the payments scheduled to be made to the Issuer, such default may result in a shortfall 
in respect of the payments under the Notes. In such cases the Noteholders may lose the value of their entire 
investment or part of it, as the case may be.
The Association of Insured Parties (Bund der Versicherten e. V. (BdV)) (the "BdV") analysed the 2019 solvency reports 
(Solvenzberichte) of 82 life insurers. According to the BdV, more than a quarter of these life insurers is not sufficiently 
capitalized or anticipates losses (each such insurer an "Affected Insurer"). In light of the low interest rates 
environment, volatile equity and bond markets and the implications of the corona pandemic, the default risk of the 
Affected Insurers may be significant. If the obligor in respect of the relevant Underlying is an Affected Insurer, the 
risk of a shortfall under the Notes may be significantly reinforced.
Payments due under any Series TEP regarding the contractual benefits of traded endowment policies may be delayed 
due to the Insurer’s insolvency scenario and the contractually owed sums under any Series TEP may be reduced by 
up to 5%, even though such reduction, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, has never occurred.
No principal protection
All payments due pursuant to the Notes are dependent on the Issuer having received a corresponding amount under 
or otherwise in relation to the relevant Underlyings, and the Series Assets being sufficient to make the relevant 
payments when applying the applicable Order of Priority. Therefore, the Notes are not principal protected and 
amounts received by the Issuer may be lower than the amount initially invested by the Noteholder which may 
potentially result in a loss for the Noteholder.
Loss from conversion of the contributory Series TEP to a non-contributory Series TEP
In respect of Contributory Notes the Noteholder may decide not to subscribe to Contributory Payment Notes. As a 
consequence of any resulting non-payment of premiums due in respect of a contributory Series TEP fees deductible 
pursuant to a corresponding conversion of such contributory Series TEP to a non-contributory Series TEP will have 
to be borne by the Noteholder. 
Insurer possibly failing to pay death payment amount
The Insurer may be able to limit or deny payment of the death payment amount under an endowment policy under 
the following circumstances:

If the policyholder dies under extraordinarily dangerous circumstances, e.g. police or military service, civil 
commotions or war;

Suicide of the policyholder prior to the end of a certain period of time;

Breach of the policyholder’s pre-contractual duty of disclosure.

--- Page 11 ---
11
Under such circumstances, the Insurer's obligation to pay under the Series TEP is reduced to the value of the 
Surrender Amount (Rückkaufswert). Therefore, the Issuer would likely experience a potentially substantial loss with 
respect to impacted Series TEPs that it owns which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay the amounts due 
under the Notes and the value of the Notes. In this case, Noteholders bear the risk of a partial loss of their 
investment. If an Insurer successfully contests any Series TEP, the relevant Series TEP may be rescinded and declared 
void, and in such event, the Insurer may be required to return to the Issuer all the insurance premiums paid on the 
Series TEP with or without any interest thereon depending on the applicable state regulation. The Insurer has the 
right to terminate any Series TEP for material cause (aus wichtigem Grund).
Police or military service, civil commotions or acts of war
If the policyholder’s death is directly or indirectly linked to acts of war (the "Death Resulting from Acts of War"), the 
payout amount will be reduced to the Surrender Amount (Rückkaufswert) under the respective policy calculated as 
at the date of death, without applying any deductions provided for in connection with the Surrender Amount. 
Suicide of the policyholder
In the event of intentional suicide of the policyholder, the Insurer will pay out an amount equal to the Death Payment 
Amount provided that a period of up to five (5) years (the "Contestability Period") has passed since the policyholder 
entered into the policy. 
If the Insurer’s payout obligation is extended by an amendment to the contractual terms and conditions of the Series 
TEPs or if the contract is reinstated, the Contestability Period will restart in respect of the amended or reinstated 
part. Investors should note that the Issuer will only purchase Underlyings which have been in place for more than 
the period of years corresponding to the Contestability Period.
Breach of the policyholder’s pre-contractual duty of disclosure 
Before making his declaration of intent to enter into a policy, the policyholder is obliged to truthfully and fully 
disclose to the Insurer all risk factors known to him which the Insurer has requested in text form. Those 
circumstances are considered risk factors which are relevant to the Insurer’s decision to enter into the policy as such 
or with the agreed content. Such duty of disclosure also applies to questions about risk factors posed by the Insurer 
in text form to the policyholder after the latter has declared his intent to enter into the policy, but before the Insurer 
accepts the contract.
If another person answers the questions about risk factors on behalf of the policyholder and if this person is aware 
of the relevant risk factor or acts fraudulently (arglistig), the policyholder will be treated as if he had been aware of 
such risk factor or as if he had acted fraudulently. The same applies to the insured person, if different from the 
policyholder.
If the pre-contractual duty of disclosure is violated, the Insurer may withdraw from the policy. A right of withdrawal 
does not exist if the duty of disclosure was violated neither by wilful misconduct (vorsätzlich) nor by gross negligence 
(grob fahrlässig). Even if the duty of disclosure is violated by gross negligence, the Insurer is not entitled to withdraw 
from the policy if the Insurer would have entered into the policy – possibly on different terms (such as a higher 
premium or limited insurance cover) – even if it had been aware of the undisclosed risk factors. There is no insurance 
cover in the event of withdrawal. If the Insurer withdraws from the policy after the insured event has occurred, its 
payout obligation will continue to exist on the condition that the duty of disclosure was violated in respect of a risk 
factor which caused neither the occurrence or recognition of the insured event nor the recognition or the extent of 
its payout obligation. However, the Insurer’s payout obligation will not apply in the above case if the duty of 
disclosure has been violated fraudulently. After five years from the conclusion of the insurance contract, the Insurer's 
rights to rescind, terminate or amend the contract expire. If the insured event has occurred before expiry of this 
period, the Insurer can also exercise its rights after expiry of the period. If the duty of disclosure (Anzeigepflicht) has 
been violated by wilful misconduct (vorsätzlich) or fraudulently (arglistig), the period is ten years.
If the policy is cancelled by withdrawal, the Insurer will pay the Surrender Amount; however, such amount may be 
considerably reduced, since (i) the regulatory maximum zillmerisation rates (Höchstzillmersätze) are not taken into 
account, (ii) the costs are not spread over the premium payment period and (iii) the Surrender Amount is not at least 
equal to the difference between the expected present values of future payouts and future premiums. The 
policyholder may not claim redemption of the actual premiums paid.

--- Page 12 ---
12
Consequences of a default in payment under the Series TEPs on the part of the Issuer in case of contributory 
Underlyings
If the Issuer is in default of payment at the time of death of an insured person under the Series TEPs, the insurance 
cover will cease to exist or be reduced, provided that the Insurer has notified the Issuer of this when setting the 
deadline. This could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay the amounts due under the Notes and the value of 
the Notes.
Operational risk in case of default in payment of premiums
Investors should note the following applicable process in relation to Contributory Notes pursuant to §38 VVG and 
the operational risk associated with it.
If a premium is not paid on time, the Insurer may, at the Issuer's expense, set a payment deadline (the "Premium 
Grace Period") in text form, which must be at least two weeks. This only applies if the relevant notice specifies the 
amounts in arrears for the premium, interest and costs in detail and if it indicates the legal consequences associated 
with the expiry of the Premium Grace Period pursuant to §38 paras. 2 and 3 VVG, as explained below.
If the insured event occurs after expiry of the Premium Grace Period and if the Issuer is in default with the payment 
of the premium or the interest or costs upon occurrence of the insured event, the Insurer is not obliged to perform, 
i.e. the Insurer is not obliged to pay the insured sum. Furthermore, the Insurer may terminate the contract without 
notice at the end of the Premium Grace Period if the Issuer is in default with the payment of the premium amounts 
owed. The termination can be combined with the setting of the Premium Grace Period in such a way that it becomes 
effective upon expiry of the Premium Grace Period if the Issuer is in default of payment at this point in time; the 
Issuer must be expressly informed of this fact upon termination. The termination becomes invalid if the Issuer pays 
within one month of the termination or, if the termination has been combined with the setting of the Premium 
Grace Period, within one month of the expiry of the Premium Grace Period.
Investors therefore bear the operational risk of premium payments being made timely by the Issuer to the Insurer. 
If the policyholder deceases at a time when the Issuer is in default of a premium payment the Insurer is not obliged 
to pay the Death Payment Amount, i.e. the insured sum. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Underlying the 
Insurer may, at its discretion, then only pay a potentially significantly reduced sum (if any). In such a scenario 
Noteholders would therefore receive the Surrender Amount instead of the Death Payment Amount, which may be 
significantly less.
Bonus payment may be zero
The Redemption Amount includes a Bonus Payment, an amount which may be received by the Issuer pursuant to an 
Underlying in excess of the Guaranteed Maturity Payment. The Bonus Payment is calculated by the Insurer in 
accordance with Section 153 of the German Insurance Contract Act (Versicherungsvertragsgesetz – "VVG") and 
depends on the general performance of the investments made by the Insurer and is subject to inter alia the 
developments of the national and international capital markets and the number of insurance contracts entered into 
or resolved by the Insurer during the term that is relevant for the calculation of the relevant Bonus Payment. 
Prospective investors should therefore note that the Bonus Payment included in the Redemption Amount may for 
the above-mentioned reasons be zero.
Risk of significant delay or failure of capital gains tax reimbursement
In accordance with the terms of the Series TEPs the relevant Insurer will withhold any capital gains tax in relation to 
the original policyholder and pay such due tax to the German Tax Authority. The Issuer will apply at the German Tax 
Authority for reimbursement of any amounts withheld after the purchase of the relevant Underlyings. Such received 
amounts will then be passed on to Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Neither EPEX nor 
Acatus GmbH has any obligation to purchasers of the Notes.
The process of the capital gains tax reimbursement to the Issuer may be significantly delayed or may not take place 
at all. The reimbursement procedure is not under control of and cannot be influenced by the Issuer. Therefore, the 
investors bear the risk of (i) receiving the capital gains tax reimbursement significantly delayed from the issuer or (ii) 
receiving no capital gains tax reimbursement at all from the issuer.

--- Page 13 ---
13
Category 9: Litigation and legal risks associated with the Underlyings
Litigation risk
There may be a risk that a third party holding an interest in the Endowment Policy (i.e. persons who would have 
been the beneficiaries under the endowment policy in the absence of a sale of the Underlying to the Issuer, or heirs 
of the insured person, or the insurance company issuing an endowment policy) disputes the secondary market sale 
of the traded endowment policy underlying the Notes. 
In the event any litigation was to occur, the Issuer would bear the costs of defending against the litigation, and would 
be unable to predict its outcome. Additional costs and expenses that the Issuer may incur in connection with such a 
lawsuit could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to pay the amounts due under the Notes and the value of the Notes.
Modifiability of the terms and conditions of the Underlyings
The material terms and conditions of the Series TEP may be declared invalid or replaced with new regulations by the 
Insurer due to judicial decisions or administrative acts. This may have an adverse effect on the payment under the 
Notes.
Impact of the Anti Tax Avoidance Directive 
The Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance practices that directly 
affect the functioning of the internal market dated 12 July 2016 was transposed into Luxembourg domestic law by 
the law of 21 December 2018 ("ATAD I") and entered into force on 1 January 2019. ATAD I has been amended by the 
Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017, which has been transposed into Luxembourg domestic law by the 
law of 20 December 2019 ("ATAD II", and together with ATAD I, "ATAD") and is effective from financial years starting 
on or after 1 January 2020.
ATAD introduces a new framework that limits the deduction of interest and other deductible payments and charges 
for Luxembourg companies subject to corporate income tax (such as the Issuer). Whilst (i) ATAD may be subject to 
future amendment by the relevant Luxembourg authorities and (ii) the impact of ATAD on the Company is not yet 
clear, ATAD may result in corporate income tax being effectively imposed and due on the Company to the extent that 
the Company derives income other than interest income or income equivalent to interest from its underlying assets 
and transactions or, as the case may be, if the Notes issued by the Company qualify for tax purposes as hybrid 
financial instruments. Where ATAD results in denying the tax deductibility of a portion of the interest accrued on the 
Notes, this could lead to an early redemption of the Notes and any tax payable by the Issuer as a result of ATAD could 
reduce the amounts payable to Noteholders.
Firstly, ATAD I provides for an “interest limitation rule” which restricts the deductible interest of an entity to the 
higher of: (a) EUR 3,000,000 or (b) 30 per cent. of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. 
However, the interest limitation only applies to the net borrowing costs of an entity (being the amount by which its 
borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable revenues).
Secondly, ATAD II provides for hybrid mismatch rules. These rules are designed to neutralise arrangements where 
amounts are deductible from the income of one entity but are not taxable for another, or the same amounts are 
deductible for two entities. These rules could potentially apply to the Company where: (i) the interest that it pays 
under the Notes, and claims deductions for, is not brought into account as taxable income by the relevant holder of 
the Notes, either because of the characterisation of the Notes, or the payments made under them, or because of 
the nature of the holder of the Notes itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated enterprises, between 
the Company and an associated enterprise or under a structured arrangement. Associated for these purposes 
includes direct or indirect participation in terms of voting rights or capital ownership of 25 per cent. or more or an 
entitlement to receive 25 per cent. or more of the profits of that entity as well as entities that are part of the same 
consolidated group for financial accounting purposes or enterprises that have a significant influence in the 
management of the tax payer.
ATAD provides for a few exemptions, grandfathering and de minimis clauses. Securitisation vehicles under article 2 
point 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 are for example specifically excluded by the ATAD Law from the application of 
the interest deduction limitation rules. However, Luxembourg securitization companies subject to the Securitisation 
Act 2004 (such as the Issuer) may not necessarily fall under the scope of article 2 point 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402. Therefore, such interest deduction limitation rules could still result in denying the tax deduction of a 
portion of interests accrued under the Notes. This could increase the taxable base of the Issuer and therefore impact 
negatively the return of the Noteholders.

--- Page 14 ---
14
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
About the Issuer
The Company, a public limited liability company (société anonyme) has been incorporated on 28 September 2018
under the name Acatus Securities S.A. having its registered office at 22-24, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and 
is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B228217. The legal entity identifier 
of the Company is 391200Z1YUBKHDAS7461. The Company is a special purpose vehicle and was established as a 
regulated securitization undertaking (société de titrisation agréée) under the Securitization Law for the purpose of 
issuing asset backed securities. The Company operates under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The 
telephone number of the Company is +352 27 86 49 28. Further information regarding the Issuer can be found on 
the website www.acatus.com. The information stated on this website does not form part of the Base Prospectus
unless it is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus (see section "Documents incorporated by Reference").
The Company is subject to the supervision of the CSSF, which monitors compliance with the legal provisions and the 
resulting obligations. This supervision continues until the closing date of the liquidation of the Company.
The Company does not have any subsidiaries.
Share capital and shareholders
The Company's authorised and subscribed share capital is set at EUR 30,000.- (thirty thousand euro) consisting of 
30,000 (thirty thousand) ordinary shares in registered form with a par value of EUR 1.- (one euro) each.
Stichting Acatus Securities, a foundation duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the Netherlands, 
having its registered office at Herikerbergweg 238, 1101 CM Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered with the 
trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in the Netherlands under number 70315310 holds all of the 30,000 
ordinary shares. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Stichting Acatus Securities.
Business overview
The corporate objects of the Company as set out in Art. 4 of the Company’s articles of association are to enter into, 
perform and serve as a vehicle for any securitization transactions as permitted under the Securitization Law. 
The Company may, within the limits of the Securitization Law, proceed, so far as they relate to securitization 
transactions, to 
(i)
the acquisition or assumption of any kind of risk relating to any kind of asset by the means of a true sale, a 
synthetic transfer via the use of derivatives or otherwise (including, but not limited to, by way of entering 
into guarantee or derivative instruments) (subject to the below);
(ii)
the financing of the acquisition and/or hedging of the assets stated under (i) above, by issuing securities or 
other instruments;
(iii)
assignment, transfer or pledge of all assets or granting guarantees and/or other encumbrances or taking any 
other measures to secure its obligations and to protect the interest of its creditors;
(iv)
the acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in any other manner, as well as pursuant to the conditions 
imposed by the board, the transfer by sale, exchange or in any other manner of receivables, bonds, 
debentures, notes and other securities or financial instruments of any kind (subject to the below), including 
notes and receivables, claims or loans or other credit facilities and agreements or contracts relating thereto;
and 
(v)
the ownership, administration and servicing of a portfolio of assets (including, among other things, the assets 
referred to in (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv) above (the " Assets")).
The Company may, within the limits of the Securitization Law and in order to realise its corporate objects, borrow in 
any form. It may enter into any type of loan agreement, liquidity facilities and it may issue notes, bonds, debentures, 
certificates, shares, beneficiary parts, warrants and any kind of debt or equity securities including under one or more 
issue programmes. The Company may lend funds including the proceeds of any borrowings and/or issues of 
securities, within the limits of the Securitization Law and provided such lending or such borrowing relates to 
securitization transactions.

--- Page 15 ---
15
The Company may, for hedging purposes, enter into, execute, deliver and perform any swaps, futures, forwards, 
derivatives, options, repurchase, stock lending and similar transactions in the context of the realisation of the 
Company’s corporate objects and generally employ, techniques and instruments designed to protect it against credit, 
currency exchange, interest rate risks and other risks.
The descriptions above are to be understood in their broadest sense and their enumeration is not limiting. The 
corporate objects include any transaction or agreement which is entered into by the Company, provided it is not 
inconsistent with the foregoing enumerated objects and with the provisions under the Securitization Law.
The board is entitled to create one or more independent Compartments within the meaning of the Securitization 
Law, to which the Company may allocate the Assets. All Assets allocated to a Compartment or to a specific series of 
securities are exclusively available to investors thereunder and the creditors whose claims have arisen in connection 
with the creation, operation or liquidation of that Compartment or that specific series of securities. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if, following the redemption or repayment in full of the borrowings of the Company attributable to a 
Compartment or a specific series of securities and the satisfaction in full and termination of all obligations of the 
Company to other creditors whose claims have arisen in connection with such borrowings, the creation, operation 
or liquidation of that Compartment or a specific series of securities, there remain assets allocated to such 
Compartment or a specific series of securities, the board may allocate such assets pro rata to other Compartments 
of the Company or to the general estate of the Company. Claims which are not incurred in relation to the creation, 
operation or liquidation of a specific Compartment shall not be payable out of the assets of any other Compartment, 
but may be paid out of the general estate of the Company or if such claims cannot be otherwise funded may be 
apportioned by the board between the Company's Compartments on a pro rata basis of the assets of those 
Compartments – other than the Compartment containing the Assets – or on such other basis as it may deem more 
appropriate. The board or its delegates, shall establish and maintain separate accounting records for each 
Compartment of the Company. The liquidation of a Compartment shall be decided by the board. 
In general, the Company may, within the limits of the Securitization Law, take any controlling and supervisory 
measures and carry out any operation or transaction which it considers necessary or useful in the accomplishment 
and development of its corporate objects.
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies
The management board members of the Company (appointed until the annual general meeting of the Company in 
2024) are as follows:
Board member
Principal outside activity
Address
Meenakshi Mussai-Ramassur
Directorship of: 
abc SME Lease Germany S.A., Acatus Securities S.A., 
Ashton Moss Holdings S.à r.l., Atlantic Luxembourg 
S.A., Autofinance S.A., Bavarian Sky Europe S.A., Ben 
Nevis S.à r.l., BG Finance S.A., Bromios S.à r.l., Bumper 
DE S.A., Caduceus Investment 2 S.à r.l., Caduceus 
Investment 
S.A., 
Central 
Europe 
Mittelstand 
Equipment Finance 1 S.à r.l., Chambord S.A., CIC Fund 
Securitisation S.A., Cosmo Finance S.A., Driver 
Master S.A., Driver Multi-Compartment S.A., Driver 
Turkey Master S.A., Driver UK Master S.A., Driver UK 
Multi-Compartment 
S.A., 
FACT 
S.A.,
Fast 
Performance S.A., Finlandia Investment S.à r.l., Fintex 
Capital S.A., German Mittelstand Equipment Finance 
3 S.à r.l., Griffin Lux S.à r.l., Isar Valley S.A., Koromo 
S.A., LIP S.A., Lock Investment S.à r.l., Lock 
Syndication S.C.A., Mobility One S.A., Novus Capital 
Luxembourg S.A., Orange Finance S.A., Ortika 
Investments S.à r.l., Pillar Securitisation S.à r.l., Q-
Capital S.à r.l., Quorum Investments S.à r.l., ROOF 
Slovakia 2017 S.à r.l., ROOF SMART S.A., Select 
Securities Europe S.à r.l., SkylineLux S.A., 3 B 
22-24, Boulevard Royal, 
L-2449 Luxembourg

--- Page 16 ---
16
Fibreglass S.à r.l. (SPRL), Trucknology S.A., VCL Master 
Residual Value S.A., VCL Master S.A., VCL Multi-
Compartment S.A., Wekavia S.à r.l.
Sheena Gill
Directorship of:
Acatus Securities S.A., Berjaya Forest Products 
(Luxembourg) S.à.r.l., Driver UK Master S.A., Driver 
UK Multi-Compartment S.A., D - Fast Performance 
S.A., Novus Capital Luxembourg S.A., Q-Capital 
S.à.r.l., Quorum Investment S.à r.l., VCL Master 
Residual 
Value 
S.A., VCL 
Master 
S.A., 
VCL 
Multicompartment S.A., 3B Binani Glassfibre S.à r.l.
22-24, Boulevard Royal, 
L-2449 Luxembourg
Zamyra Cammans
Directorship of: 
abc SME Lease Germany S.A., Acatus Securities S.A.,
Ashton Moss Holdings S.à r.l., Atlantic Luxembourg 
S.A., Autofinance S.A., AWVL Japan Real Estate S.à r.l., 
Bavarian Sky Europe S.A., Ben Nevis S.à r.l., Berjaya 
Forest Products (Luxembourg) S.à r.l., Bumper DE 
S.A., Caduceus Investment 2 S.à r.l., Caduceus 
Investment S.A., Carrera Finance S.A., Circumference 
Luxembourg S.à r.l., Circumference FS (Luxembourg) 
S.A., Concrete Investment I S.C.A., Concrete 
Investment II S.C.A., Chambord S.A., CIC Fund 
Securitisation S.A., Cosmo Finance S.A., Driver 
Master S.A., Driver Multi-Compartment S.A., Driver 
Turkey Master S.A., Driver UK Master S.A., Driver UK 
Multi-Compartment S.A., Elektra Purchase No. 32 
S.A., FACT S.A., Finlandia Investment S.à r.l., Fintex 
Capital S.A., Genghis S.à r.l., Isar Valley S.A., K-Lift S.A., 
Koromo S.A., LIP S.A., Lock Investment S.à r.l., Lock 
Syndication S.C.A., Novus Capital Luxembourg S.A., 
Orange Finance S.A., Ortika Investments S.à r.l., PBD 
Germany Auto Lease Master S.A., Pillar Securitisation 
S.à r.l., Q-Capital S.à r.l., Quorum Investments S.à r.l., 
ROOF SMART S.A., SC Germany S.A., Scotts 
Luxembourg S.à r.l., Select Securities Europe S.à r.l., 
SkylineLux S.A., Trucknology S.A, VCL Master Residual 
Value S.A., VCL Master S.A., VCL Multi-Compartment 
S.A.
22-24, Boulevard Royal, 
L-2449 Luxembourg
The management board members of the Company may engage in other activities and have other interests which
may conflict with the interests of the Issuer.
Financial statements
The Company's financial information, which has been extracted from the audited annual accounts for the period of 
28 September 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 is
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in section "Documents incorporated by reference" on page 64.
Material adverse change statement
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Company as of 31 December 
2019, the date of the last published audited annual accounts of the Company.

--- Page 17 ---
17
Legal and arbitration proceedings
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Company is aware), in the 12 months preceding the date of the Base Prospectus, which 
may have, or have had, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Company.
Statutory auditors
The external auditors (réviseurs d’entreprises agréés) of the Company are PricewaterhouseCoopers having their
registered office at 2, rue Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg trade and 
companies register under number B 65477, a member of the Luxembourg institute of auditors (Instituts des réviseur 
d’entreprises) and an accountancy firm authorized to carry on business in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by the 
CSSF.

--- Page 18 ---
18
GENERAL INFORMATION
Transaction parties
This section provides a global overview on the transaction parties involved in the issuance of a Series of Notes and 
their respective functions (jointly the "Transaction Parties").
Party
Function
Any German insurance company
As specified in the Final Terms.
Insurer
Serves as obligor of the relevant 
Underlying
European Policy Exchange Limited
A private limited company incorporated under the laws of England 
and Wales, having its registered office at 90 Long Arce, Covent 
Garden, London, WC2E 9RZ, United Kingdom and registered with 
the Companies House under number 04905152. 
Endowment Policy Trader
Functions as market place for the 
acquisition of traded endowment policy 
receivables
Acatus GmbH
A limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) 
registered with the commercial register of the District Court of 
Berlin (Charlottenburg) under number HRB 180937 B having its 
registered office at Rosenstraße 17, 10178 Berlin, Germany. The 
legal entity identifier of Acatus GmbH is 391200VMPSYXRX6OTP91.
Provider of the Acatus Platform 
(https://platform.acatus.com), Issuer 
Operations Servicer and Distributor
Performs operational services for the 
Issuer and places the Notes
Acatus Securities S.A.
A public limited liability company (société anonyme) established as 
a regulated securitization undertaking (société de titrisation 
agréée) under the Securitization Law having its registered office at 
22-24, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and is registered with 
the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number 
B228217. The legal entity identifier of the Company is 
391200Z1YUBKHDAS7461.
Issuer of the Notes
Acts as Issuer of the Notes on behalf of 
one of its Compartments
JFD Bank AG
A public share company (Aktiengesellschaft) registered with the 
commercial register of the District Court of Stuttgart under 
number HRB 772851 having its registered office at Keplerstr. 6, 
71636 Ludwigsburg, Germany. The legal entity identifier of JFD 
Bank AG is 529900U7B6VVWS7Q3G05.
Distributor
Places the Notes and acts as liability
umbrella for Acatus GmbH
Policen Direkt Versicherungsvermittlung GmbH
A limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) 
having its registered office at Rotfeder-Ring 5, 60327 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany.
Servicer
Performs intermediation of the purchase 
and sale of insurance policies by the 
Endowment Policy Trader
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A.
Having its registered office at 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449
Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
Corporate Servicer
Performs administrative and corporate 
and domiciliary agent services for the 
Issuer 
Société Générale Luxembourg S.A.
Having its registered office at 11 avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
Custodian
Acts as custodian in respect of the Notes

--- Page 19 ---
19
An agent
Either: 
(i)
Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt, a public 
share company (Aktiengesellschaft) registered with the 
commercial register of the District Court of Frankfurt under 
number HRB 37465 having its registered office at Neue 
Mainzer Straße 46-50, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany; or 
(ii) Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg, a public 
limited liability company (société anonyme) having its 
registered office at 11, Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420
Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and 
companies register under number B 6061.
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each including any legal 
successor).
Issuing Agent and Paying Agent
Administers the issuance process and acts 
as paying agent for the Issuer
A distributor
As specified in the Final Terms.
Distributor
Places the Notes.
The Transaction Parties do not hold, either directly or indirectly, controlling interests in, or exercise control over, 
each other. Nevertheless, Acatus GmbH will give operational instructions to the Company via the Corporate Servicer. 
The Company may engage various agents in respect of the Programme and any Series of Notes. These entities act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for 
or with, any Noteholder.
Insurers
The Series TEPs to which the Underlyings relate have been issued by the Insurers, all of which are regulated and 
supervised by BaFin. The Insurers therefore represent the obligors and originators in respect of the Underlyings to 
which any Series of Notes are linked. The relevant Insurer will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Depending on the number of Underlyings underpinning a Series of Notes, and consequently depending on the 
number of Insurers relating to a Series of Notes, different information is provided in relation to the relevant Insurer. 
For details on the Insurers see section "Description of the Underlyings – Information on the Insurers" below.
Endowment Policy Trader
European Policy Exchange Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, 
having its registered office at 90 Long Arce, Covent Garden, London, WC2E 9RZ, United Kingdom and registered with 
the Companies House under number 04905152 ("EPEX"), as a subsidiary of the Policen Direkt Group (PDG), is a UK-
based trading company with focus on the acquisition of and trading in German traded endowment policies (TEP)
issued by German insurance companies regulated by the BaFin (the "Endowment Policy Trader"). The TEP that serve 
as Series TEPs are purchased by the Issuer from European Policy Exchange Limited. EPEX will only purchase TEP that 
have been issued at least five (5) years prior to their purchase by EPEX, and having a minimum surrender value of 
EUR 10,000.
Issuer Operations Servicer
Acatus GmbH is incorporated as a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung), registered with 
the commercial register of the District Court of Berlin (Charlottenburg) under registration number HRB 180937. 
Acatus GmbH has its registered office at Rosenstraße 17, 10178, Berlin, Germany, telephone: +49 30 403660600.
The corporate objects of Acatus GmbH, as laid down in its articles of association, comprise the development and 
marketing of software in the financial services sector and the development of any business that is directly or 
indirectly related to its purpose, excluding any activities, save for investment advice, investment brokerage and 
placement business, requiring a license under the German Banking Act, the Payment Services Supervision Act or the 
Trade Regulations. For that purpose, Acatus GmbH may set up branch offices and subsidiaries in Germany and 
abroad, and participate in other companies in Germany and abroad. Acatus GmbH is legally independent and no 
direct or indirect controlling relationship through other companies that are parties to the Base Prospectus exists.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Acatus GmbH has agreed with the Issuer in the issuer operations servicing agreement entered into by and between 
Acatus GmbH and the Issuer on or about the date of approval of the Base Prospectus (the "Issuer Operations 
Servicing Agreement") to perform, inter alia, the following services (in such capacity the "Issuer Operations 
Servicer"):

assist as required the Corporate Servicer in its capacity as corporate servicer with the corporate and accounting 
services performed for the Issuer, 

assist the directors of the Issuer in complying with any obligation of the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme, 

assist in the administration of the general daily business of the Issuer, 

arrange for the payment of any amounts due and payable by the Issuer, 

communicate and deal, on behalf of the Issuer, with any and all contractual parties of the Issuer in relation to 
the Programme.
Acatus GmbH may also act as a Distributor pursuant to the Programme.
Servicer
Policen Direkt Versicherungsvermittlung GmbH ("Policen Direkt" or the "Servicer") has agreed with the Issuer in the 
servicing agreement entered into by and between Policen Direkt and the Issuer on 24 October 2018 (the "Policen 
Direkt Servicing Agreement") to perform, inter alia, the following services:
•
to communicate to the Insurers the transfer of the Series TEPs to the Issuer and conduct any necessary 
correspondence with them;
•
to monitor that payments due under the Underlyings are accurately deposited to a cash account maintained 
by the Custodian for the benefit of the Issuer and follow up with the respective Insurer in case of discrepancies 
or delays in the payments due and/or made;
•
to collect from the respective Insurers – and provide the Issuer with – updated verified data related to the 
Underlyings; and
•
to monitor the activities of any third party engaged from time to time for the collection of payments due under 
a Series TEP as a result of an Insurer’s default.
The Servicer is required to service and administer the Underlyings acting in the best interest of the Issuer and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Servicer may be entitled to receive from the Issuer a servicing 
fee for their services.
Corporate Servicer
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A., having its registered office at 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg will perform certain administrative and corporate and domiciliary agent services for the Issuer in 
Luxembourg (the "Corporate Servicer"), for which it will receive annual fees as agreed with the Company. The 
appointment of the Corporate Servicer may be terminated, in principle, by either the Company or the Corporate 
Servicer upon not less than ninety (90) calendar days’ prior notice provided that no termination of the appointment 
of the Corporate Servicer will take effect until a successor has been duly appointed.
Custodian
Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., having its head office at 28-32 Place de la gare, L-1616 Luxembourg will act as 
custodian (the "Custodian") in respect of any cash held by the Issuer in connection with any issuance of Notes for 
the purposes of Art. 22 of the Securitization Law, with Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt acting as 
sub-custodian (the "Sub-Custodian"). 
The Custodian has agreed with the Sub-Custodian that such cash may be sub-deposited with the Sub-Custodian. For 
such purposes, the Issuer maintains a cash account with the Custodian and the Custodian, in turn, maintains related 
cash accounts with the Sub-Custodian for the benefit of the Issuer. The Custodian has agreed to assume 
responsibility for losses resulting from an act or omission from the Sub-Custodian as if all the delegated safekeeping 
duties which are imposed on the Custodian by Art. 22 of the Securitization Law were carried out by the Custodian

--- Page 21 ---
21
itself. Such liability shall be limited to any cash held with the Sub-Custodian and shall in no circumstances extend to 
any other Assets of the Issuer.
Issuing Agent and Paying Agent
Either (i) Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt, a public share company (Aktiengesellschaft) registered 
with the commercial register of the District Court of Frankfurt under number HRB 37465 having its registered office 
at Neue Mainzer Straße 46-50, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany or (ii) Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., 
Luxembourg, a public limited liability company (société anonyme) having its registered office at 11, Avenue Emile 
Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 6061
will act as Issuing Agent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each including any legal successor).
Its responsibilities are, pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement entered into by the Issuer and the 
Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent on 20 August 2019, substantially inter alia:

liaising with the Clearing System on behalf of the Issuer;

ensuring that, where information is required to be provided by the Issuer, all necessary action is taken to 
comply with any reporting requirements, inter alia pursuant to Art. 4 (1) of Regulation (EU) No. 1075/2013 
with respect to the Notes and in each case as directed by the Issuer.

performing all other obligations and duties imposed upon it by the terms and conditions applicable to any
Series of Notes and the applicable agreement between it and the Issuer.
In consideration for the activities described above, the Issuing Agent will receive various payments from the Issuer
at fee rates agreed from time to time. The mandate of the Issuing Agent may be terminated by the Issuer or the 
Issuing Agent at any time by giving at least 45 days' written notice.
Either (i) Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt a public share company (Aktiengesellschaft) registered 
with the commercial register of the District Court of Frankfurt under number HRB 37465 having its registered office 
at Neue Mainzer Straße 46-50, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany or (ii) Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., 
Luxembourg, a public limited liability company (société anonyme) having its registered office at 11, Avenue Emile 
Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 6061 
will act as Paying Agent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each including any legal successor).
Its responsibilities, pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Issuing 
Agent and the Paying Agent on 20 August 2019, are substantially inter alia:

paying, or causing to pay sums due on the Notes; and

performing all other obligations and duties imposed upon it by the terms and conditions applicable to any
Series of Notes and the applicable agreement between it and the Issuer.
In consideration for the activities described above, the Paying Agent will receive various payments from the Issuer
at fee rates agreed from time to time. The mandate of the Paying Agent may be terminated by the Issuer or the 
Paying Agent at any time by giving at least 45 days' written notice.
Transaction structure
The Company establishes a single Compartment in relation to the Notes and issues Series of Notes in relation to that 
Compartment. The costs of issuing the Series of Notes are paid from the Compartment’s funds.
The Notes may be linked to either (i) Underlyings relating to non-contributory Series TEP (the "Non-contributory 
Notes"); (ii) Underlyings relating to contributory Series TEP (the "Contributory Notes"); or (iii) both, Non-
contributory Notes and Contributory Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22
Non-contributory Notes
The following diagram illustrates this type of transaction.
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of Notes paid by the Noteholders 
(the "Purchase Price") following subscription to the Notes on (inter alia) the Acatus Platform to purchase the Series 
TEPs.
The Series TEPs are traded endowment policies. Under a Series TEP, the policyholder entered into a standard life 
insurance agreement with an insurance company whereby the policyholder undertook to pay a premium 
(Beitragszahlung) and the insurance company undertook to pay (i) the premium(s) (gezahlte Beiträge) paid plus a 
guaranteed interest (Zinsbetrag) over the saving share of the premium(s) paid ("Guaranteed Maturity Payment") 
plus a bonus payment (Überschussbeteiligung) (the "Bonus Payment") or (ii) a death payment amount 
(Todesfallleistung) (the "Death Payment Amount") to the beneficiary of the policy if the insured person dies before 
the maturity of the policy (the "Endowment Policy").
Prior to such purchase the Series TEPs have been acquired by EPEX from the relevant policyholder against payment 
of the Purchase Price. Following payment of the Purchase Price relating to the Underlyings EPEX will assign the 
Underlyings to the Issuer. The Issuer and EPEX entered into a Master TEP Receivables Purchase Agreement for the 
purposes of such transactions. Following assignment, the Issuer will be entitled to any payments payable by the 
Withheld Tax
Insurer
Issuer Operations 
Servicing Agreement
Cooperation 
Agreement
Acatus Securities SA
Acatus GmbH*
Series
TEPs
Purchase
Price
German Tax Authority
Payments under 
the Notes
Net payments under the Series TEPs
* Issuer Operations Servicer
Purchase Price
Underlyings
EPEX
Policyholders
Policen Direkt
Purchase Price
Endowment Policy 
Receivables
Administration
Withheld 
Tax
Acatus Platform
Noteholder
Proceeds from 
Notes issuance
Master TEP 
Receivables 
Purchase 
Agreement
Servicing Agreement

--- Page 23 ---
23
relevant Insurer pursuant to the Series TEP and will then be able to make any payments pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions. The Series TEPs are serviced by the Servicer.
In accordance with the terms of the Series TEPs the relevant Insurer will withhold any capital gains tax in relation to 
the original policyholder and pay such due tax to the German Tax Authority. The Issuer will apply at the German Tax 
Authority for reimbursement of any amounts withheld after the purchase of the relevant Underlyings. Such received 
amounts will then be passed on to Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Neither EPEX nor 
Acatus GmbH has any obligation to purchasers of the Notes.
Contributory Notes
The following diagram illustrates this type of transaction.
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer will use the Purchase Price following the Noteholder’s subscription to the 
Notes on (inter alia) the Acatus Platform to purchase the Series TEPs. In relation to a Series of Contributory Notes 
there will only be one single Noteholder per issuance. There is only one single Compartment for all issues under the 
Programme.
The Series TEPs are traded endowment policies. Under a Series TEP, the policyholder entered into a standard life 
insurance agreement with an insurance company whereby the policyholder undertook to pay a premium 
Withheld Tax
Insurer
Issuer Operations 
Servicing Agreement
Cooperation 
Agreement
Acatus Securities SA
Acatus GmbH*
Series
TEPs
Purchase
Price
German Tax Authority
Payments 
under the 
Notes
Net payments under the Series TEPs
* Issuer Operations Servicer
Purchase Price
Underlyings
EPEX
Policyholders
Policen Direkt
Purchase Price
Endowment Policy 
Receivables
Administration
Withheld 
Tax
Proceeds from 
further Notes 
issuance
Acatus Platform
Noteholder
Proceeds 
from Notes 
issuance
Contributory payments
Master TEP 
Receivables 
Purchase 
Agreement
Servicing Agreement

--- Page 24 ---
24
(Beitragszahlung) and the insurance company undertook to pay (i) the Guaranteed Maturity Payment plus a Bonus 
Payment or (ii) the Death Payment Amount to the beneficiary of the policy if the insured person dies before the 
maturity of the Endowment Policy.
Prior to such purchase the Series TEPs have been acquired by EPEX from the relevant policyholder against payment 
of the Purchase Price. Following payment of the Purchase Price relating to the Underlyings EPEX will assign the 
Underlyings to the Issuer. The Issuer and EPEX entered into a Master TEP Receivables Purchase Agreement for the 
purposes of such transactions. Following assignment, the Issuer will be entitled to any payments payable by the 
relevant Insurer pursuant to the Series TEP and will then be able to make any payments pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions. The Series TEPs are serviced by the Servicer.
In accordance with the terms of the Series TEPs the relevant Insurer will withhold any capital gains tax in relation to 
the original policyholder and pay such due tax to the German Tax Authority. The Issuer will apply at the German Tax 
Authority for reimbursement of any amounts withheld after the purchase of the relevant Underlyings. Such received 
amounts will then be passed on to the Noteholder in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Neither EPEX nor 
Acatus GmbH has any obligation to purchasers of the Notes.
Contributory payments due
In respect of a contributory Series TEP and to satisfy ongoing premium payment obligations of the Issuer under a 
Series TEP the Noteholder will be notified prior to the end of the relevant ongoing Insurance Period (as defined in 
section "Conversion of a contributory Series TEP to a non-contributory Series TEP (Beitragsfreistellung)" below) and 
consequently such Noteholder will have the opportunity to enable the Issuer to pay any contributory sums due 
under the Contributory Notes by subscribing to further Tranches of the Notes, exclusively offered to it (the 
"Contributory Payment Notes").
Should any contributory payment not be made by the Issuer to the respective Insurer as a consequence of the 
Noteholder's decision to not subscribe to further tranches of Notes applicable fees and deductions are applied by 
the relevant Insurer and no additional subscription of Notes of the same Series of Notes will be possible for the 
Noteholder. The process applicable to such Conversion of a Series TEP is outlined below in section "Conversion of a 
contributory Series TEP to a non-contributory Series TEP (Beitragsfreistellung)" and specific information relating to 
the Series TEPs will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 25 ---
25
Non-contributory Notes and Contributory Notes
The following diagram illustrates this type of transaction.
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer will use the Purchase Price following the Noteholder’s subscription to the 
Notes on (inter alia) the Acatus Platform to purchase the Series TEPs. In relation to a Series of Non-contributory 
Notes and Contributory Notes there will only be one single Noteholder per issuance. There is only one single 
Compartment for all issues under the Programme. 
The Series TEPs are traded endowment policies. Under a Series TEP, the policyholder entered into a standard life 
insurance agreement with an insurance company whereby the policyholder undertook to pay a premium 
(Beitragszahlung) and the insurance company undertook to pay (i) the Guaranteed Maturity Payment plus a Bonus 
Payment or (ii) the Death Payment Amount to the beneficiary of the policy if the insured person deceases before 
the maturity of the Endowment Policy.
Prior to such purchase the Series TEPs have been acquired by EPEX from the relevant policyholder against payment 
of the Purchase Price. Following payment of the Purchase Price relating to the Underlyings EPEX will assign the 
Underlyings to the Issuer. The Issuer and EPEX entered into a Master TEP Receivables Purchase Agreement for the 
purposes of such transactions. Following assignment, the Issuer will be entitled to any payments payable by the 
Withheld Tax
Insurer
Issuer Operations 
Servicing Agreement
Cooperation 
Agreement
Acatus Securities SA
Acatus GmbH*
Series
TEPs
Purchase
Price
German Tax Authority
Payments 
under the 
Notes
Net payments under the Series TEPs
* Issuer Operations Servicer
Purchase Price
Underlying
EPEX
Policyholders
Policen Direkt
Purchase Price
Endowment Policy 
Receivables
Administration
Withheld 
Tax
Proceeds from 
further Notes 
issuance
Acatus Platform
Noteholder
Proceeds 
from Notes 
issuance
Contributory payments in respect of contributory Series TEPs
Master TEP 
Receivables 
Purchase 
Agreement
Servicing Agreement

--- Page 26 ---
26
relevant Insurer pursuant to the Series TEP and will then be able to make any payments pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions. The Series TEPs are serviced by the Servicer.
In accordance with the terms of the Series TEPs the relevant Insurer will withhold any capital gains tax in relation to 
the original policyholder and pay such due tax to the German Tax Authority. The Issuer will apply at the German Tax 
Authority for reimbursement of any amounts withheld after the purchase of the relevant Underlyings. Such received 
amounts will then be passed on to the Noteholder in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Neither EPEX nor 
Acatus GmbH has any obligation to purchasers of the Notes.
Contributory payments due
In respect of a contributory Series TEP and to satisfy ongoing premium payment obligations of the Issuer under a 
Series TEP the Noteholder will be notified prior to the end of the relevant ongoing Insurance Period (as defined in 
section "Conversion of a contributory Series TEP to a non-contributory Series TEP (Beitragsfreistellung)" below) and 
consequently the Noteholder will have the opportunity to enable the Issuer to pay any contributory sums due under 
the Contributory Notes by subscribing to Contributory Payment Notes exclusively offered to it.
Should any contributory payment not be made by the Issuer to the respective Insurer as a consequence of the 
Noteholder's decision to not subscribe to Contributory Payment Notes, applicable fees and deductions are applied 
by the relevant Insurer and no additional subscription of Notes of the same Series of Notes will be possible for the 
Noteholder. The process applicable to such Conversion of a Series TEP is outlined below in section "Conversion of a 
contributory Series TEP to a non-contributory Series TEP (Beitragsfreistellung)" and specific information relating to 
the Series TEPs will be specified in the Final Terms.
Acquisition of the Underlyings by the Issuer
This section contains a description of the method and date of the assignment of the Underlyings to the Issuer and
the manner and time period in which the proceeds from the issuance of a Series of Notes will be fully invested by 
the Issuer. 
Upon closing of the subscription period of a Series of Notes, the Issuer will use the net proceeds of the issuance of 
a Series of Notes to acquire claims (the Underlyings) relating to contributory and/or non-contributory German 
traded endowment policies (the Series TEPs) pursuant to a framework purchase agreement (the "Master TEP 
Receivables Purchase Agreement") entered into between the Endowment Policy Trader (EPEX) and the Issuer.
Under the Master TEP Receivables Purchase Agreement, EPEX agrees to sell and assign the relevant Underlyings to 
the Issuer and the Issuer agrees to pay the purchase price for such Underlyings. Upon such sale and assignment of 
the Underlyings the Issuer will become the creditor of the Underlyings. 
Pursuant to the Master TEP Receivables Purchase Agreement the Issuer will only purchase Underlyings that have 
been purchased by EPEX from the original policyholder after the expiry of the first five (5) years from the date of the 
issuance of the respective TEP. In case the purchase of such Underlyings has been revoked, EPEX will repay the 
related purchase price to the Issuer.
Upon issuance of a Series of Notes, the corresponding Series TEPs will be acquired from EPEX and the Underlying(s)
under such Series TEPs will be immediately sold and assigned to the Issuer. Upon such sale and assignment of the 
Underlying the Issuer will become the creditor of the Underlying(s).
Following receipt of the respective purchase price, EPEX will notify the respective Insurer about the assignment of 
the Underlyings to the Issuer. The Insurer will accordingly pay any amounts due under the Series TEPs to which the 
Underlying relates to a cash account maintained by the Custodian for the benefit of the Issuer.
Obligations pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement
EPEX, the Servicer, the Issuer Operations Servicer and the Issuer entered into a cooperation agreement with respect 
to the securitization of receivables related to German TEP (the "Cooperation Agreement"). It sets out the terms and 
conditions of such cooperation and inter alia provides for remuneration and rights and obligations of the parties.
Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement:
(a)
EPEX undertakes to enter, on or about the date of incorporation of the Company and establishment of the 
Issuer, into the Master Purchase Agreement with the Issuer, which has been entered into between EPEX and 
the Issuer on 24 October 2018. EPEX undertakes, as an independent obligation hereunder, to perform all its 
obligations under the Master Purchase Agreement in a timely and efficient manner.

--- Page 27 ---
27
(b)
EPEX shall provide the Issuer Operations Servicer and the Issuer (the "Acatus Parties") with a complete, 
accurate and updated list of all the Underlyings intended to be sold by EPEX under the Master Purchase 
Agreement (the "Offered TEP Receivables") and with the relevant data with respect to the Underlyings (the 
"TEP Receivables Data"), in a specified frequency, format and time.
The provision to the Acatus Parties of the TEP Receivables Data corresponding to the Offered TEP Receivables 
will constitutes an offer from EPEX to the Issuer to purchase the Offered TEP Receivables in accordance with 
the provisions of the Master Purchase Agreement. The offer of the specific Offered TEP Receivables will become 
irrevocable if any Series of Notes corresponding to specific Offered TEP Receivables is subscribed by at least 
50% and becomes fully subscribed within 14 days after this 50% threshold level has been reached. The issuer 
will be free to accept or reject such an offer.
(c)
On the Issue Date, EPEX shall assign and transfer ownership to the Issuer over the purchased Offered TEP 
Receivables (the "Purchased TEP Receivables") and ensure the enforceability of said assignment vis-à-vis third 
parties as well as the release of any encumbrances thereon. To that purpose EPEX shall ensure that any 
encumbrance, security interest and/or any other right of a third party on the respective Purchased TEP 
Receivable is duly and irrevocably released and/or waived, respectively, no later than on the Issue Date.
(d)
EPEX undertakes to exercise its termination right (Kündigungsrecht) under the TEPs pertaining to the Purchased 
TEP Receivables solely on the basis of the instructions given by the Issuer.
(e)
On the day of receipt of the Purchase Price from the Issuer, EPEX shall serve due written notice to the respective 
Insurer on the sale and assignment of each Purchased TEP Receivable to the Issuer and on the future servicing 
thereof by Policen Direkt under the Servicing Agreement. EPEX shall inform the Acatus Parties once: (i) the 
respective Insurer acknowledges the receipt of the assignment (Abtretungsbestätigung) of each Purchased TEP 
Receivable to the Issuer, and (ii) the conditions under (c) above are satisfied.
(f)
Should EPEX receive any amounts under the Purchased TEP Receivables despite the Servicing Agreement and 
the notification thereof to the Insurer, EPEX shall immediately inform the Issuer and the Issuer Operations 
Servicer and arrange with Policen Direkt for the payment of any such amounts to the Issuer as per the Policen 
Direkt Servicing Agreement.
(g)
Policen Direkt shall to the extent possible ensure and coordinate the communication between EPEX and the 
Acatus Parties, and be responsible for the provision of the TEP Receivables Data to the Acatus Parties in due 
course.
(h)
Policen Direkt has entered into the Policen Direkt Servicing Agreement dated 24 October 2018. Policen Direkt 
undertakes, as an independent obligation hereunder, to perform all of its obligations under the Policen Direkt
Servicing Agreement in a timely and efficient manner and to perform the servicing activities.
(i)
In its role as a servicer of EPEX, Policen Direkt shall (i) support the Issuer to obtain a reimbursement of any 
taxes related to the Purchased TEP Receivables (including taxes on capital gains) from the respective tax 
authorities including the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern – BZSt) as far as 
legally and technically possible, and (ii) help the Issuer to comply with its legal and regulatory obligations.
Furthermore, pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement the Issuer and the Issuer Operations Servicer:
(a)
Prior to the Effective Date, the Issuer Operations Servicer undertakes to set up on its own costs a securitization 
platform (the "Acatus Platform") which will enable the Acatus Parties to place the Notes resulting from the 
securitization by the Issuer of the Purchased TEP Receivables sold and assigned by EPEX. The Issuer Operations 
Servicer shall manage the Acatus Platform and be solely responsible for all damages caused due to its 
malfunctions and for any consequences thereof. 
The Issuer Operations Servicer shall provide operational services to the Issuer and act as a tied agent of the 
placement agent as set out in the Base Prospectus. 
(b)
the Issuer Operations Servicer shall, on behalf of the Issuer, provide the Policen Direkt Parties with the Acatus 
Transactional Data, in the specified frequency, format and time ("Acatus Transactional Data").
(c)
The Issuer has entered into the Master Purchase Agreement on 24 October 2018. The Issuer may purchase 
certain Offered TEP Receivables in its sole discretion and in accordance with the terms hereof.
(d)
The Issuer shall pay the Purchase Price for the Purchased TEP Receivables to EPEX, provided that it effectively 
receives the proceeds from the issuance of the Series of Notes corresponding to the relevant Purchased TEP

--- Page 28 ---
28
Receivable. Unless otherwise agreed upon by the Parties from time to time, the purchase and assignment of a 
Purchased TEP Receivable under Clause 3 (Purchase and Assignment of TEP Receivables) of the Master 
Purchase Agreement shall be automatically revoked if the Purchase Price thereof is not received by EPEX within 
3 Business Days following the respective Issue Date. The Parties shall then place each other in the position they 
would have been in had the purchase and assignment of the Purchased TEP Receivable never been concluded 
and no Party shall be entitled to any compensation in connection therewith.
(e)
the Issuer Operations Servicer will provide all information required by EPEX and Policen Direkt to comply with 
their regulatory and other legal obligations as far as technically and legally possible.
Obligations pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement
Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement:
(a)
On the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the agreement, the Seller sells to the Issuer, and the 
Issuer purchases from the Seller, certain Offered TEP Receivables in the frequency, format and time indicated 
in the TEP Receivables Data and the Acatus Transactional Data, offered after the Effective Date and prior to the 
Termination Date.
(b)
The Seller, or Policen Direkt as a broker acting on behalf of the Seller, will present the Offered TEP Receivables 
to the Issuer by sharing the TEP Receivables Data. The offer of specific Offered TEP Receivables will become 
irrevocable if any Series of Notes corresponding to specific Offered TEP Receivables is subscribed by at least 
50% and becomes fully subscribed within 14 days after the Series of Notes has reached the 50% threshold level. 
The Issuer shall inform the Seller about the occurrence of the latter and/ or the acceptance to purchase the 
Offered TEP Receivables by sharing the Acatus Transactional Data. 
(c)
On the Issue Date, the Seller irrevocably assigns to the Issuer – and the Issuer accepts the assignment of – any 
and all rights arising under and/or in connection with the Purchased TEP Receivables.
(d)
The price due by the Issuer to the Seller for each Purchased TEP Receivable shall be the price equal to the price 
of the respective Offered TEP Receivable provided to the Issuer with the TEP receivables data. The parties agree 
that the purchase price is VAT exempt in both jurisdictions of their residence. In the case, that VAT or any other 
tax is applied on the purchase price, the parties agree that any such VAT or other tax on the purchase price 
shall be borne by the party being resident in the country where the VAT or tax is applied on. 
(e)
The purchase price for each Purchased TEP Receivable shall only be due and payable by – or on behalf of – the 
Issuer to the Seller once – and if – the Issuer effectively receives the proceeds from the issuance of the Series 
of Notes corresponding to the relevant Purchased TEP Receivable.
(f)
Unless otherwise agreed upon by the Parties from time to time, the purchase and assignment of a Purchased 
TEP Receivable shall be automatically terminated if the purchase price thereof is not received by the Seller 
within 3 Business Days following the respective Issue Date. The Parties shall then restore each other to their 
original position and no Party shall be entitled to any compensation in connection therewith.
(g)
Upon the occurrence of the insured event (death of the insured person) under a TEP corresponding to a 
Purchased TEP Receivable, the Seller may be entitled to receive an increase of the purchase price from the 
Issuer for the relevant Purchased TEP Receivable. The increased purchase price shall result from the positive 
difference, if any, of:
(i)
the death payment (Todesfallleistung) received by the Issuer from the respective Insurer; minus
(ii)
the purchase price paid by the Issuer to Seller for the relevant Purchased TEP Receivable and any 
additional premiums made by the Issuer to the Insurer (in case of contributory TEPs), minus
(iii)
the surcharge (if any) charged to and collected from the investor for the relevant Purchased TEP 
Receivable, minus
(iv)
the amount corresponding to the accrued capped return.
(h)
The increased purchase price shall only be due and payable to Seller by the Issuer provided that (i) by the time 
of occurrence of the insured event, the Issuer still owns the Purchased TEP Receivable and the respective TEP 
has not been otherwise terminated; and (ii) the Issuer receives the death payment (Todesfallleistung) from the 
respective Insurer.

--- Page 29 ---
29
Subordinated loan agreement in relation the Company’s business operations
The Issuer has not entered into any agreement in relation to credit enhancements, consequently no contractual 
liquidity support in respect of the individual Compartment exists to cover interest and/or principal shortfall risks.
Material liquidity shortfalls may occur if the sums received by the Issuer under the Underlyings are not sufficient to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.
Apart from that, the Company, as borrower, entered into a subordinated loan agreement with Acatus GmbH, as 
subordinated lender, with the amount of EUR 100,000 in December 2019 and the Company may enter into further 
additional subordinated loan agreements with Acatus GmbH in relation to the coverage of corporate expenses.
The general provisions of the German law governed subordinated loan agreement are as follows:
(a) The Company shall on each payment date, to the extent it has funds available therefore, pay to Acatus GmbH, 
all or any portion of the principal amount of the subordinated loan then due and payable. Any remaining 
principal amount of the subordinated loan shall be payable on the fifth business day following the date on which 
the Company has notified Acatus GmbH that it has funds available for final repayment of the subordinated loan;
(b) No interest shall be payable;
(c) Acatus GmbH expressly acknowledges and accepts that the Company is subject to the Luxembourg law of 
22 March 2004 on securitization, as amended and that they shall have recourse only to the Company's assets 
not allocated to any Compartment. Acatus GmbH or anyone acting on their behalf shall not be entitled to take 
any further steps against the Company to recover any further sum other than that arising from the subordinated 
loan agreement and the right to receive any such sum shall be extinguished. Acatus GmbH or anyone acting on 
their behalf shall not be entitled to petition or take any other step for the winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Company or any other insolvency related proceedings.
(d) Acatus GmbH agrees that any amount owed to it by the Company under the subordinated loan agreement shall 
not become due and payable unless and until all amounts required to be paid to any person identified and 
ranking prior to the payment of such amount to Acatus GmbH as subordinated lender have been paid, provided 
for discharge in full.
Cash flows from the Underlyings
The Issuer will maintain a cash bank account held by or on behalf of the Custodian for the benefit of the Issuer (the 
"Cash Account"). Money raised by the Issuer from the initial sale of the Notes will be paid into the Cash Account for 
the acquisition of the Underlyings. Any proceeds from the Underlyings will be paid into the Cash Account prior to 
payment to the Noteholders of equivalent amounts. 
The Issuer therefore funds the payments to Noteholders for each Series of Notes directly with payments of principal 
or with payments it has actually received as creditor of the Underlyings.
The Insurers will in turn fund any amounts payable pursuant to the Underlyings to the Issuer from amounts received 
from the original policyholder and/or any payments received from the Issuer (in case of Contributory Notes) in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Series TEP. The Underlyings will not provide for any periodic payments.
In case of any temporary liquidity surpluses, which are not expected by the Issuer pursuant to the nature of the 
Underlyings, such amounts will be held in the Cash Account.
Conversion of a contributory Series TEP to a non-contributory Series TEP (Beitragsfreistellung)
In respect of a Contributory Note the Issuer may demand in text form, i.e. by letter or electronic means, pursuant to 
section 165 of the German Insurance Contract Act (Versicherungsvertragsgesetz – VVG) at any time at the end of 
the ongoing Insurance Period, from the relevant Insurer a full or partial exemption to pay any further contributory 
payments in respect of a contributory Series TEP underlying a Series of Notes (such demand a "Conversion 
Demand"). Any Conversion Demand that shall take effect as of the end of the ongoing Insurance Period will not 
require approval by the relevant Insurer. However, if the Conversion Demand is to take effect on any day within the 
ongoing Insurance Period, such Conversion Demand may be subject to the Insurer's acceptance. The duration of the 
"Insurance Period" depends on the terms and conditions of the TEP and may be a yearly, half-yearly, quarterly or a 
monthly period.
For the avoidance of doubt: In case of Contributory Notes and by taking the decision not to subscribe to further 
Notes, which would allow the Issuer to make contributory payments in respect of the relevant Underlying to the

--- Page 30 ---
30
relevant Insurer, Noteholders cause the Issuer to submit a Conversion Demand to such relevant Insurer which will 
lead to a Conversion (as defined and explained below). 
Consequences of a Conversion
Following a Conversion Demand the Insurer will calculate a reduced insurance sum in accordance with accepted 
rules of actuarial theory and on the basis of the calculation principles applicable to the calculation of premiums 
taking into account (i) any conversion fee, (ii) any distribution and underwriting costs and (iii) any outstanding 
premiums to be paid by the Issuer (the "Reduced Sum Insured"). As a consequence of a successful conversion of the 
contributory Series TEP to a non-contributory Series TEP, no periodic premiums will be due to be paid in respect of 
a Series TEP (the "Conversion"). Once the Conversion including the calculation of the Reduced Sum Insured has been 
completed the Insurer will provide the Issuer with a respective supplement to the affected Series TEP.
Process in case of full exemption
If the Reduced Sum Insured at the time of a Conversion Demand is below a sum specified in the applicable terms 
and conditions of the relevant Series TEP - typically EUR 1.000 - (the "Minimum Sum Insured") the Insurer will reject 
the Conversion Demand. In such case an exemption will not be available and as a consequence the Series TEP will 
be terminated in full by the Insurer at the surrender amount (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) less any 
applicable fees and the maturity of the Series TEP ends. In such case Noteholders will be notified thereof as soon as 
practicable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Process in case of partial exemption
If the Reduced Sum Insured at the time of a Conversion Demand is below the Minimum Sum Insured the Insurer will 
reject the Conversion Demand. In such case a partial exemption will not be available. If the Reduced Sum Insured is 
below a sum specified in the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Series TEP – typically EUR 500 - the 
Insurer will pay out the surrender amount (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) less any applicable fees and the 
maturity of the Series TEP ends. In such case Noteholders will be notified thereof as soon as practicable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Payment collection procedure with respect to the Underlyings
The Policen Direkt Servicing Agreement provides that Policen Direkt is required to service and administer the 
Underlyings acting in the best interest of the Issuer and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
All amounts payable pursuant to the Underlyings will be transferred by the respective Insurer to the Cash Account. 
Once a payment is reconciliated by the Issuer, the Paying Agent will be accordingly instructed to proceed with the 
payments to Noteholders of the respective Notes. 
Policen Direkt will be entitled to amend any term or provision of the Policen Direkt Servicing Agreement with the 
consent of the Issuer and without the consent of any Noteholder, provided that such amendment does not materially 
and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders.
Collection upon maturity of the Underlying
In respect of any payments due at maturity of a Series of Notes the Servicer will send a payment notice 
(Auszahlungsmitteilung) to the Insurer 3 months prior to the date on which the Guaranteed Maturity Payment is 
due by the respective Insurer. The payment notice will include information of the respective Series TEP and the 
information of the Cash Account to which payment is to be made.
If following the process outlined above, payments due are not received by the Issuer, the Servicer collection 
procedure outlined in section "Servicer collection procedure" below applies.
If following such Servicer collection procedure, payments due are not received by the Issuer, the third party 
collection procedure outlined in section "Third party collection procedure" below applies.
Collection and heirs' rights upon death of the insured person
In case of death of the insured person under a Series TEP the applicable law of inheritance determines who the heirs 
are. In principal the heirs will inherit all rights of the insured person accordingly, if any.
Furthermore, where the insured person under a Series TEP deceased, the heirs of the insured person have an 
economic incentive to notify EPEX of any death of such insured person. Such incentive arises from an undertaking 
by EPEX within the course of the acquisition of the endowment policy pursuant to the terms and conditions of EPEX

--- Page 31 ---
31
to pay to the heirs upon the death of the insured person the difference of (i) the death benefit and (ii) the sum of 
(a) the purchase price paid by EPEX to the policyholder, (b) any premiums paid after the acquisition and (c) an interest 
amount related to the purchase price and such premiums (the "Purchase Price Increase") (Kaufpreiserhöhung). The 
Purchase Price Increase will be paid by EPEX to the heirs on condition that the heirs can present a certificate of 
inheritance.
Therefore the heirs of the insured person will inform the relevant Insurer about the death of the policyholder and 
the Insurer will then contact the Servicer, which consequently informs the Issuer. 
As a consequence the Servicer will send a payment notice (Auszahlungsmitteilung) to the Insurer in relation to 
payment of the Death Payment Amount together with the respective Endowment Policy, the information of the 
Custodian’s account where the payment is to be made and the death certificate of the insured person. Should the 
latter not be yet available, the Servicer will follow up with the insured person’s successors and/or beneficiaries of 
the Endowment Policy to obtain a copy thereof. 
If following the process outlined above, payments due are not received by the Issuer, the Servicer collection 
procedure outlined in section "Servicer collection procedure" below applies.
If following the Servicer collection procedure, payments due are not received by the Issuer, the third party collection 
procedure outlined in section "Third party collection procedure" below applies. 
Upon receipt of the Death Payment Amount from the Insurer by the Issuer, the Notes will be redeemed early as 
described under Condition 7.2.1 (Early redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Following such receipt the Issuer, or the Servicer (as instructed and as the case may be) will calculate the Purchase 
Price Increase (Kaufpreiserhöhung) and will transfer such Purchase Price Increase to EPEX, as laid down in the Master 
Purchase Agreement, to enable it to satisfy its obligation to pay such Purchase Price Increase to the heirs of the 
insured person pursuant to the terms and conditions of the purchase and assignment of the TEP. EPEX will then 
notify the heirs of the payment of the Purchase Price Increase by sending a respective notice to the last known 
address of the insured person. The remaining amount will then be used to satisfy the payment obligations of the 
Issuer, especially for payment of the Early Redemption Amount.
For the avoidance of doubt, the payment of the Purchase Price Increase from EPEX to the heirs has no impact on the 
Issuer or the Notes.
Servicer collection procedure
Should the payment not be made within 10 calendar days following the due date specified in the payment notice, a 
reminder payment notice (Mahnung zur Auszahlung der Ablaufleistung) may be sent by the Servicer within 5 
calendar days, requiring the payment due be made within another 10 calendar days. A second reminder payment 
notice may be sent by the Servicer including a letter before action (Klageandrohung).
The Servicer may additionally require the Insurer to pay for any statutory default interests (Verzugszinsen), at an 
amount as applicable at that time, accrued between the date following the due date pursuant to the terms of the 
Series TEP and the effective payment date.
Third party collection procedure
Pursuant to the Policen Direkt Servicing Agreement, in case of an Insurer’s default, for whatever reason, in the 
payment of amounts due under a Purchased TEP Receivable, and irrespective of any claims and actions that the 
Issuer may pursue against EPEX on the basis of the Master TEP Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer may 
appoint and engage, or instruct the Servicer to appoint and engage, a debt collection agency and/or an appropriate 
third party (e.g. a law firm), properly licensed, permitted, approved, consented, registered or authorised (if legally 
required) to perform any of the services under the Policen Direkt Servicing Agreement for the collection of such 
amounts due and/or for enforcement of the Issuer’s rights under the Purchased TEP Receivables against the 
respective Insurer, and before any competent authority or court of law. Should that appointment and engagement 
take place, the Servicer will remain to be bound by the Servicing Agreement, though its operational obligations shall 
be limited to monitoring the activities performed by the engaged third party with respect to each relevant Purchased 
TEP Receivable. Once the Servicer has appointed any third party in light of the above, the Servicer will immediately 
inform the Issuer and the relevant information will be made available to the Noteholders via the Acatus Platform.

--- Page 32 ---
32
Status and ranking
The Notes are direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, ranking equally among themselves. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes rank equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.
Type of Notes
The Notes issued pursuant to this Programme may be (i) PR Notes, which are backed by Underlyings relating to (a) 
at least six (6) or more Insurers disclosed in this Base Prospectus or (b) , if not disclosed, at least fifteen (15) Insurers
or (ii) Exempt Notes, which provide no diversification of Underlyings and the Issuer will securitize single or pooled 
Underlyings, as specified in the Final Terms or in the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. The Notes may be
Preselected Portfolio Notes, Preselected Single Obligor Notes, Fixed Custom Portfolio Notes or Flexible Custom 
Portfolio Notes as explained below and in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be.
Preselected Portfolio Notes
Noteholders of Preselected Portfolio Notes will have an exposure to a preselected portfolio of Underlyings. In case 
of PR Notes, the portfolio will comprise either (i) Underlyings issued by more than or equal to six (6) and less than 
or equal to fifteen (15) Insurers, provided that in such case only Underlyings issued by Insurers listed under section 
"Annex I - Insurers" will be part of the portfolio, or (iii) Underlyings issued by more than 15 different Insurers.
Preselected Single Obligor Notes (Exempt Notes only)
Noteholders of Preselected Single Obligor Portfolio Notes will have an exposure to one Underlying relating to one 
Insurer only, selected by the Noteholders themselves at the time of the issuance of the Notes among the ones 
available for subscription. The Preselected Single Obligor Notes may be only Exempt Notes.
Fixed Custom Portfolio Notes (Exempt Notes only)
Noteholders of Fixed Custom Portfolio Notes will have an exposure to a preselected portfolio of Underlyings issued 
by the same or by different Insurers, selected by the Issuer at the time of the issuance of the Notes among the ones 
available for subscription. The Fixed Custom Portfolio Notes may be only Exempt Notes.
Flexible Custom Portfolio Notes (Exempt Notes only)
Noteholders of Flexible Custom Portfolio Notes will have an exposure to a preselected portfolio of Underlyings issued 
by the same or by different Insurers. Underlyings will be selected by the Noteholders themselves prior to the 
issuance of the relevant Series of Notes among the ones available for subscription. The Flexible Custom Portfolio 
Notes may be only Exempt Notes.
Form, clearing, common code and ISIN, transferability and currency of securities
The Notes are issued in bearer form and may on issue be represented by a permanent global note.
The global note will be deposited no later than on the relevant Issue Date with and kept in safe custody by or on 
behalf of Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany or a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A., 42, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Clearing 
System") until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. The relevant ISIN and/or Common 
Code for each Series of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes are denominated in EUR and 
are transferrable in accordance with the applicable rules set out by the Clearing System. 
The Notes are subject to the restrictions set out in section "Sales and Transfer Restrictions".
Delivery and settlement procedure
A transfer of Notes will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, but upon payment by the relevant 
Noteholder of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any depositary bank used by a Noteholder for the safe custody of the Notes (including without limitation the 
Clearing System) may charge fees for a transfer of the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33
Payments on a Series of Notes will be made by the Issuer through the Paying Agent to the Clearing System for on-
transfer to the Noteholders or, where possible, by way of direct transfer to an account of a Noteholder held with the 
Paying Agent.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Series of Notes and the 
Notes) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with either Luxembourg law or German law, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. According to the governing law, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
either the courts in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany or the courts of Luxembourg-City, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, unless otherwise stipulated by mandatory law, are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with a Series of Notes (including any disputes relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with a Series of Notes) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with a Series of Notes may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits 
to the jurisdiction of such courts.
In case the applicable Final Terms specify German law as governing law of the Notes and with respect to decisions 
pursuant to Section 9 para 2 and Section 13 para 3 of the German Act on Bonds, as amended (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - "SchVG") the District Court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main is 
competent pursuant to Section 9 para 3 SchVG. Pursuant to Section 20 para 3 SchVG, the Regional Court 
(Landgericht) of Frankfurt am Main has jurisdiction to rule on appeals against resolutions of the Noteholders.
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions; Noteholder meetings
The Issuer may determine, without liability to any person therefor, any modification of the Terms and Conditions of 
a Series of Notes which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law and which is in the opinion of the Issuer not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorization or waiver will be 
binding on the Noteholders and such modification will be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
The Terms and Conditions contain the applicable provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders. The Art. 470-3 
– 470-19 of the Companies Law will not apply.
Rights attached to the Notes
Interest
No interest payments will be payable pursuant to the Notes.
Maturity and redemption; Early redemption scenarios 
Unless previously redeemed or terminated and cancelled, the Issuer will redeem the Notes by payment of the net 
proceeds that it has received from the realization of the relevant Underlyings. Hence the redemption of the Notes 
is dependent on the sum of all payments received by the Issuer under the relevant Underlyings. All payments are 
subject to the applicable Order of Priority set out in the Terms and Conditions.
There are five possible redemption scenarios, which are outlined below.
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or terminated and cancelled, the Notes will be partially redeemed on each TEP 
Repayment Date and in respect of such TEP Repayment Date the Issuer will pay the partial Redemption Amount on 
the First Redemption Date and the Second Redemption Date in respect of the affected Underlying in respect of each 
Note in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No Petition) of the Terms 
and Conditions, each as defined in the Terms and Conditions. Upon the occurrence of the last TEP Repayment Date, 
which coincides with the Final Maturity Date, the Notes are finally redeemed, each as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions.

--- Page 34 ---
34
Early redemption upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event
Upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event the Notes will be partially redeemed early by the Issuer on giving notice 
to the Noteholders. Following such notice the Issuer will pay the partial Early Redemption Amount on the First Early 
Redemption Date and the Second Early Redemption Date in respect of the affected Underlying in respect of each 
Note in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No Petition) of the Terms 
and Conditions, each as defined in the Terms and Conditions. 
Early redemption upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event the Notes will be partially redeemed early by the Issuer 
on giving notice to the Noteholders. Following such notice the Issuer will pay the partial Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Amount on the First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date and the Second Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Date in respect of the affected Underlying in respect of each Note in each case subject to Condition 3 
(Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No Petition) of the Terms and Conditions, each as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions.
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Early Redemption Event the Notes may be redeemed early by the Issuer 
on giving notice to the Noteholders. Following such notice the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder the pro rata
Extraordinary Early Redemption Amount on the First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date and the Second 
Extraordinary Early Redemption Date in respect of each Series TEP not yet matured prior to the occurrence of such 
Extraordinary Early Redemption Event, in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited 
Recourse and No Petition) of the Terms and Conditions, each as defined in the Terms and Conditions.
Early termination at the option of the Noteholder
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Noteholders shall be entitled to demand payment of the Termination 
Amount on giving a notice to the Issuer and following such notice and provided that the Event of Default is continuing 
at the time of receipt by the Issuer of such notice, the Notes will be terminated and the Issuer will pay to each 
Noteholder the pro rata Termination Amount in respect of each Series TEP not yet matured prior to the occurrence 
of such Termination Amount, in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and 
No Petition) of the Terms and Conditions, each as defined in the Terms and Conditions.
Deductions due to fees and costs
Any costs in relation to the Notes are covered by payment of the Initial Surcharge.
Limitation of rights
No default interest
If payment of principal under a Series of Notes is not made due to the Issuer not having received the corresponding 
payment under the Underlyings, no amounts will be due and pay-able under such Series of Notes and, accordingly, 
no default interest will be due to Noteholders under the relevant Notes.
Order of priority
Any payment of amounts due and payable pursuant to any Series of Notes will be subject to the following order of 
priority (the "Order of Priority") as further specified in Condition 8 (Series Assets) of the Terms and Conditions:
(i)
firstly, pro rata in payment or satisfaction of all tax liabilities in relation to the Company payable to any tax 
authority;
(ii)
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
incurred by or payable to any insolvency administrator with respect to the Series of Notes;
(iii)
thirdly, pro rata in discharge of any liabilities, other than the liabilities listed under iv – vi below, of the Issuer 
in relation to the Compartment payable to each of the Distributor, the Endowment Policy Trader, the Servicer, 
the Corporate Servicer, the Custodian and Issuing and Paying Agent;
(iv)
fourthly, pro rata in payment of any amounts owing to the Noteholders; 
(v)
fifthly, pro rata in payment of any other amounts payable by the Issuer; and

--- Page 35 ---
35
(vi)
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
Limited payment obligation
All payments due under a Series of Notes are dependent on the Issuer having received a corresponding amount 
under or otherwise in relation to the relevant Underlyings, and the Series Assets being sufficient to make the relevant 
payments when applying the Order of Priority. Accordingly, all payment obligations under a Series of Notes 
constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Series Assets, in accordance with the Order of Priority, 
as generated by, inter alia, payments to the Issuer by the relevant Insurer. The Notes shall not give rise to any 
payment obligation in excess of the foregoing.
Limited recourse
The Noteholders’ recourse will be limited to the Series Assets and any proceeds following a collection and an 
enforcement of claims in relation to the Series Assets. The Noteholders (inter alia) or anyone acting on their behalf 
shall not be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer, any other compartment or the Company to recover 
any further sum and their right to receive any such sum shall be extinguished. If the proceeds of the realization of 
the Underlyings are not sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Notes, no other assets of the Issuer, 
any other compartment or the Company will be available to meet such shortfall, and the claims of the Noteholders 
and of any other creditors relating to the Notes in respect of any such shortfall shall be extinguished.
No petition
The Noteholder will not be entitled to petition or to take any other step for the winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, any other compartment or the Company, or for any other insolvency related proceedings, nor will any 
of them have any claim in respect of any asset of the Issuer not forming part of the relevant Series Assets. In addition, 
no Noteholders may start proceedings against the Issuer which are based on Art. 470-21 of the Companies Law.
Information specified in the applicable Final Terms
The following information relating to the Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms: 

International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") or other means of identification of the individual Note;

In the case of new issues, a statement of the resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the 
Notes will be created and issued;

Issue date, maturity date and Scheduled TEP Repayment Date.
Description of the Underlyings
The securitised assets backing the issue have characteristics that demonstrate the capacity to produce funds to 
service any payments due and payable on the Notes.
The Underlyings are governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The Underlyings are not collateralised and the Issuer has not entered into any insurance policies relating to the 
Underlyings. No significant representations and collaterals have been given to the Issuer relating to the Underlyings.
The Terms and Conditions contain no right for the Issuer to substitute the Underlyings during the term of the Notes.
The Underlyings do not comprise equity securities, are not secured or backed by real property and do not constitute 
a pool of actively managed assets.
Further issues
The Issuer may issue further Notes backed by the same Underlyings, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Method of origination of the Underlyings
The Underlyings are receivables relating to TEP originally entered into between a natural person (the original 
policyholder) and the Insurer and have therefore been originated as claims to receive from the respective Insurer -
the obligor of the Underlying - all payments under the TEP to which they relate. The TEP have been issued and the 
Underlyings have been originated by the relevant Insurer in the course of its ordinary business.

--- Page 36 ---
36
Method of origination of the Endowment Policies
A person interested in an Endowment Policy applies for the respective insurance contract with the Insurer.
The Insurer is required to offer the applicant a guaranteed interest rate (and accordingly a guaranteed minimum 
return) on the capital amount that will be saved throughout the term of the Endowment Policy. Interests on the 
capital amount will also be compounded by the Insurer and will bear interests at the offered guaranteed interest 
rate. The guaranteed interest rate does not change and remains fixed throughout the term of the Endowment Policy. 
As market related interest rates vary, guaranteed interest rates offered by insurance companies under Endowment 
Policies also vary. Based on their existing portfolio of Endowment Policies and their expectations on future capital 
investments, insurance companies typically change the guaranteed interest rate offered for future Endowment 
Policies with the publication of their annual report. In practice, insurance companies also generally discuss about 
the guaranteed interest rates at the association of German insurance companies and submit a proposal to the 
German Ministry of Finance that will set a minimum guaranteed interest rate among them. The analysis of their 
current portfolios focuses on the accruals needed to meet their obligations under their existing Endowment Policies. 
Endowment Policies are accordingly offered to clients considering estimated future cash flows resulting from capital 
investments and the likelihood of occurrence of the insured events (death of the insured persons). Insurance 
companies are accordingly interested in any information which could improve their assessment of insured event’s 
probabilities. The calculation is generally based on the average lifespan in Germany in relation to the year of birth of 
the applicant, the term of the Endowment Policy, the insured amount, pre-existing issues regarding the applicant’s 
health and other personal information.
Based on the information provided by the applicant, the Insurer calculates the probabilities of occurrence of the 
insured event and accordingly determines the premium to be paid under the Endowment Policy, typically on a 
monthly basis.
Should the Insurer require to exclude certain risks, limit the coverage or charge a higher premium, the applicant will 
be provided with a revised offer. If the Insurer accepts the submitted application without excluding any specific risks 
or requiring any higher premium, the Insurer will issue an Endowment Policy and the insurance contract will be 
accordingly concluded. The policyholder may cancel his Endowment Policy within a period of thirty days counted as 
from his receipt of all contractual documentation.
Method of origination of the Series TEPs by EPEX
The traded Endowment Policies that serve as Series TEPs are purchased by the Issuer from EPEX. EPEX acquires the 
Endowment Policies from their policyholders as a result of the successful intermediation by Policen Direkt. An 
Endowment Policy that is sold by its original policyholder is, following such trade, commonly referred to as TEP the 
terms and conditions of the respective Endowment Policy remain, however, unaffected.
As part of the servicing activities performed for EPEX, Policen Direkt will collect and verify Endowment Policy’s 
relevant data. EPEX will only purchase Endowment Policies that have been issued at least five (5) years prior to their 
purchase by EPEX, and having a minimum surrender value of EUR 10,000.
The origination and purchase process by EPEX is as follows:
1.
The policyholder interested in selling his Endowment Policy is required to provide his personal and the 
Endowment Policy’s related data either over the website of Policen Direkt, or via email or regular mail.
2.
The policyholder is required to grant a power of attorney in favor of Policen Direkt for the latter to get access 
to the Endowment Policy’s information at the insurance company (Informationsvollmacht). A copy of the 
respective Endowment Policy is also required to be provided by mail, fax or by means of a direct upload to the 
website of Policen Direkt. The Endowment Policy’s information will be processed by Policen Direkt. As a result 
thereof, the policyholder will receive a free and non-binding offer for the purchase of his Endowment Policy by 
EPEX.
3.
Should the policyholder accept the offer made by EPEX, an assignment agreement is concluded between the 
policyholder and EPEX whereby EPEX pays a purchase price for any and all rights and claims under the 
Endowment Policy from its policyholder. EPEX then transfers the purchase price agreed upon in the assignment 
agreement to the account of the seller (usually between 2-4 weeks).
4.
EPEX will from time to time sell to different investors, inter alia the Issuer, certain claims under the purchased 
Endowment Policies. The Issuer will purchase the relevant receivable from EPEX. The relevant servicing 
activities in relation to the Series TEPs purchased by EPEX are carried out by Policen Direkt.

--- Page 37 ---
37
Principal terms and conditions of the Underlyings
This section contains the principal terms and conditions of the Underlyings. The following information on the 
material terms and conditions of the Underlyings will be specified in the Final Terms:
(i)
The payment of the death payment amount may be reduced in the case of death resulting from acts of war, 
depending on whether said act was domestic or non-domestic and on whether the insured person 
participated actively in it or not. The same may apply to civil commotions.
(ii)
The payment of the death payment amount may be reduced in the case of a policyholder committing suicide, 
if the suicide occurred within a period of five (5) years, after the conclusion of the contract and if it was not 
committed in a state of pathological mental disturbance, which prevented the free exercise of the 
policyholder's will.
(iii)
The breach of the pre-contractual duty of disclosure of risk-relevant circumstances may grant the Insurer the 
right to withdraw from the contract or to avoid the declaration of intent directed at conclusion of the contract 
based on deceit. The Insurer may also have the right to terminate the contract or to amend the contract 
under conditions that would have applied in case of complete notification of the risk-relevant circumstances. 
The said obligation may apply to the policyholder or the insured person, if different from the policyholder. 
(iv)
The payment of the death payment amount may be made conditional upon the timely provision of certain 
documents. This may include the immediate notification of death and the submission of the insurance policy, 
the death certificate and an expert report on the causes of death. The payment of the death payment amount 
may be carried out at the expense and/or risk of the Issuer.
(v)
The default in payment of the first premium or the single premium payment may grant the Insurer the right 
to withdraw from the contract or to refuse the payment of the death payment amount. The default of 
payment of subsequent payments of premiums may reduce the death payment amount.
(vi)
The conversion of a contributory Series TEP into a non-contributory Series TEP may affect the death payment 
amount adversely, because premiums paid in the early stages of the contractual period may be set off against 
initial expenses. The same may apply to the surrender amount following the early termination of the contract 
by the policyholder. 
(vii)
The standard limitation period of the German Civil Code or an extended limitation period may apply to the 
exercise of the right to payment of the death payment amount.
(viii)
The material terms and conditions of the Series TEP may be declared invalid or replaced with new regulations 
by the Insurer due to judicial decisions or administrative acts.
Further information about the Underlying
Information about where information about the past and the further performance of the relevant Underlying can 
be obtained, together with the name, the insurance contract identification number to which the Underlying relates 
and, in case of a basket of Underlyings, the relevant weightings of each Underlying will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Payments from tax authorities
Capital gains resulting from German Insurers’ investments of premium(s) collected under – and invested during the 
term of – the Series TEPs are subject to 25% capital gains tax (Kapitalertragsteuer – KapESt) and to a solidarity
surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon (5.5% of the capital gains tax). Upon payment by the Insurer to the Issuer 
of (i) the Guaranteed Maturity Payment and bonuses, (ii) the Death Payment Amount or (iii) the Surrender Amount, 
the Insurer will withhold the respective tax amounts and pay them to the German Federal Tax Authority. With regard 
to the withheld tax, the Issuer profits from the advantages of a Double Tax Treaty being in force between Germany 
and Luxembourg, in particular as regards section 50d German Fiscal Code (Einkommenssteuergesetz – EStG), and 
can therefore apply the German Federal Tax Authority for tax refunds. Taxes will also be paid on capital gains accrued 
before the purchase of the respective Underlying by the Issuer. Following the first redemption or termination 
payment to Noteholders on the First Redemption Date, on the First Early Redemption Date or on the First Early 
Termination Date the Issuer will apply before the German Federal Tax Authority for a reimbursement of the taxes 
withheld and paid by the Insurer. Upon receipt of the corresponding tax reimbursement the Issuer will inform the 
Noteholders via the relevant depositary banks and will make a second and final redemption/termination payment

--- Page 38 ---
38
to the Noteholders, respectively, on the Second TEP Redemption Date, on the Second TEP Early Redemption Date, 
on the Second Early Redemption Date or on the Second Early Termination Date.  
The process of the capital gains tax reimbursement to the Issuer may be significantly delayed or may not take place 
at all. A detailed description of this risk is given in the section "Risk factors" on page 12.
Calculation of Bonus Payments and allocation
Bonus Payments will be allocated to the individual Series TEP’s by the relevant Insurer in line with either a source-
based procedure (verursachungsorientiertes Verfahren) or other agreed comparable and appropriate procedures 
and in line with section 153 VVG. In order to take the differences in the risks insured into account, similar policies 
are grouped by types of insurance to form portfolio groups (Bestandsgruppen). Within these portfolio groups, the 
Insurers have established sub-groups, which are referred to as profit classes (Gewinnverbände), based on narrower 
criteria of similarity. The Insurers will distribute the surpluses to the individual profit classes to the extent these have 
contributed to the surpluses generated. Each profit class comprises different insurance tariffs. If a profit class or an 
insurance tariff has not contributed to the generation of surpluses, no surpluses will be allocated to the respective 
profit class or insurance tariff. Each year, the Insurers will determine the bonus rates for each insurance tariff and 
publish this information in their annual report.
In relation to a Series of Contributory Notes there will only be one single Noteholder per issuance. There is only one 
single Compartment for all issues under the Programme. The Issuer Operations Servicer is responsible for the 
allocation of the Bonus Payments received in respect of the relevant Series TEP to the respective Noteholder.
The Issuer will not buy or securitise TEPs with Bonus Payments being contractually excluded.
Insolvency protection under German law
German insurance companies are legally obliged to pursue a security-oriented investment policy depending on their 
own financial strength and are under the state control of the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – BaFin). BaFin supervises domestic insurance companies and 
monitors their entire business operations. Furthermore, investments of the insured persons represent a special 
asset/funds and are therefore also protected in the event of insolvency of an insurance company.
The Underlyings are protected against insolvency of the Insurer by regulation and additionally secured by a statutory 
security fund (Sicherungsfonds) for life insurances, the administration of which has been entrusted by the German 
Minister of Finance to Protektor Lebensversicherungs AG. All life insurance companies based in Germany are 
mandatory members of the statutory security fund. In addition, several pension funds have joined the security fund 
as voluntary members. The security fund serves to protect the claims of policyholders, insured persons, beneficiaries 
and other persons benefiting from the insurance contracts. Life insurances policies are transferred to the security 
fund if an insurance company is no longer able to meet its obligations, and following the authorization of the BaFin
that supervises the security fund.
In case of transfer of a portfolio of insurances to the security fund, the terms and conditions of the respective 
insurance contracts remain basically unchanged and are fulfilled by the security fund. In particular, the contractual
benefits of the endowment policies of the member companies are guaranteed in full.
Exceptions to this rule are provided by law only if the financial resources of the security fund are not sufficient to 
ensure the restructuring of the transferred insurance portfolio. In this case, the BaFin may reduce the obligations 
under the contracts by up to 5% of the contractually guaranteed performance.
The information in this section has been sourced from publicly available information provided by Protektor 
Lebensversicherungs AG on their website http://www.protektor-ag.de.

--- Page 39 ---
39
Information specified in the applicable Final Terms
The following information will be specified in the Final Terms in relation to the Series TEPs and the Underlyings:

The Surrender Amount;

The Death Payment Amount;

The maturity date of the relevant Series TEP;

The amounts receivable pursuant to the relevant Underlying;

The details of any relationship between the Issuer and any Insurer that is material to the Notes;

In case of Preselected Portfolio Notes the relevant weighting of each Underlying in the basket;

An indication where information about the past and the further performance of the Underlying and its 
volatility can be obtained;

Name of the Underlying and where information about the Underlying can be obtained;

The minimum denomination of the Notes;

The maturity date of the Underlyings;

The applicable Premium Payment Schedule in relation to any contributory Series TEP;

The Insurers and the total number of original policyholders/insured persons and if applicable, the relevant 
parameters of the policyholders/insured persons.

--- Page 40 ---
40
Scenario analysis on the value of the Underlyings
Introduction to the scenario analysis
This section provides a comprehensive explanation on how the value of the Underlying(s) and consequently the investment of the Noteholders may be affected by the 
following possible events during the term of the Notes and is given for illustrative purposes only.
This section demonstrates major payout scenarios for a Note with sample portfolio of six Series TEPs issued by the Insurers. 
Upon subscription of a Note the relevant Noteholder pays the Offer Price, including an Initial Surcharge. In case of Contributory Notes the Noteholder may subscribe to 
additional Notes to allow the Issuer to make contributory payments in relation to the Underlying. The Initial Surcharge that will be payable under such Notes is referred 
to as "Premium Surcharge" (as defined below) in this scenario analysis. Therefore each scenario that references Premium Surcharge assumes that the Noteholder 
subscribed to Contributory Notes and, at a later stage, purchased additional Notes.
All payments made by the Noteholder (Offer Price incl. Initial Surcharge, Premium Payments incl. Premium Surcharge) are shown in the graphics below as light blue bars 
and all payout amounts to the Noteholder are shown as dark blue bars. Each of Scenario 2, Scenario 3 and Scenario 4 is compared to Scenario 1 (hereafter "Base 
Scenario" or "BS"). The reference purchase date for all scenarios is 28 February 2019, i.e. in all scenarios the Offer Price incl. Initial Surcharge is calculated as if it had 
been paid by the investor on that date (the "Reference Purchase Date"). 
For the purposes of this illustrative scenario analysis any Withheld Tax Payment, that may be payable pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, is disregarded and does 
not form part of this scenario analysis.
The following definitions apply to this scenario description only:
"BS Maturity Date" means in respect of a Series TEP the date of the Guaranteed Maturity Payment under the respective Series TEP. In the context of the portfolio, BS 
Maturity Date is the latest BS Maturity Date of all BS Maturity Dates of the Series TEPs.
"BS Payment Amount" means in respect of a Series TEP the payout amount, which the Noteholder receives at the Maturity Date under the Base Scenario. In the context 
of the portfolio, BS Payment Amount is the sum of the BS Payment Amounts under all Series TEPs.
"BS Premiums incl. Premium Surcharge" means the sum of the Premiums excl. Premium Surcharge and the Premium Surcharge under the Base Scenario.
"Conversion" means the conversion of a contributory Series TEP into a non-contributory Series TEP.
"Death Payment Amount" means in case of a Series TEP the payout amount owed by the Insurer, corresponding to the sum insured, upon the occurrence of the death 
of the relevant policyholder. In the context of the portfolio, Death Payment Amount is the sum of all Death Payments under all Series TEPs.
"Guaranteed Maturity Payment for Non-contributory TEP" means in case of a Series TEP the payout amount, which the Noteholder receives at the Maturity Date in the 
event of a Conversion and under the assumption that no Policyholder Event or Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurred. In the context of the portfolio, Guaranteed 
Maturity Payment for Non-contributory TEP means the sum of all Guaranteed Maturity Payments for Non-contributory TEP under all Series TEPs.
"Guaranteed Maturity Payment" means in respect of an Underlying the payment amount guaranteed by the Insurer and to be received by the Issuer by the TEP 
Repayment Date. In the context of the portfolio, Guaranteed Maturity Payment means the sum of the aforementioned payment amounts from all Underlyings up to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 41 ---
41
"Initial Surcharge" means 20 basis points of the Net Offer Price multiplied by the remaining years to maturity. Such resulting figure is capped at the sum of the Initial 
Surcharge and the Premium Surcharge, i.e. 500 basis points (5%). 
"Net Offer Price" means in case of a Series TEP the price, excl. Initial Surcharge required to purchase the Note at the Reference Purchase Date. In the context of the 
portfolio, Net Offer Price is the price, excl. Initial Surcharge, required to purchase the Note.
"Offer Price incl. Initial Surcharge" means the sum of the Net Offer Price and the Initial Surcharge.
"Policy ID" means the identification number of a Series TEP. 
"Policyholder Event" means that the insured person under the relevant Series TEP deceased.
"Premium Surcharge" means 20 basis points of the Premiums excl. Premium Surcharge multiplied by the remaining years to maturity. Such resulting figure is capped at 
the sum of the Initial Surcharge and the Premium Surcharge, i.e. 500 basis points (5%).
"Premiums excl. Premium Surcharge" means in case of a Series TEP the amount, which will be payable by the Noteholder upon subscription of additional Tranches to 
avoid a Conversion during the term of the Series TEP. In the context of the portfolio, Premiums excl. Premium Surcharge represents the total amount of premiums during 
the term of the Note.
"Premiums incl. Premium Surcharge" means the sum of the Premiums excl. Premium Surcharge and the Premium Surcharge. 
"Scenario Maturity Date" means in relation to a Series TEP the date, on which the Noteholder receives the specific Scenario Payout Amount under the respective Series 
TEP. In the context of the Note, Scenario Maturity Date is the latest date of all Scenario Maturity Dates.
"Scenario Payout Amount" means in case of a Series TEP the payout amount, which the Noteholder would receive under the respective Series TEP in the given scenario. 
In the context of the Note, Scenario Payout Amount is the sum of all Scenario Payout Amounts under all Series TEPs. The Noteholder might not receive the Scenario 
Payout Amount at one specific point in time but spread over the term of the Note determined by the Scenario Payout Amounts of the Series TEPs.
"Scenario Premiums incl. Premium Surcharge" means the sum of the Premiums excl. Surcharge and the Premium Surcharge under the specific scenario.
"Surrender Amount" (Rückkaufswert) means in case of a Series TEP the payout amount, which the Noteholder receives upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Policyholder Event. In the context of the Note, Surrender Amount is the sum of all Surrender Amounts of all Series TEPs. 
"Yield" means the yield to Scenario Maturity Date. The Yield is calculated using amounts that have been designated as "guaranteed" by the relevant Insurer only, including 
fees and surcharges. Yield is the total return expressed as an annual rate and anticipated on the Note under the specific Scenario. 
"YTM" means the yield to maturity of the individual Series TEPs and the Note in the Base Scenario. YTM is calculated using Guaranteed Maturity Payments, Initial 
Surcharges and Premiums incl. Premium Surcharges only, i.e. the calculation relies on the assumptions of Scenario 1. YTM is the total return expressed as an annual rate 
and anticipated on the Note if the Note is held until the Scheduled Maturity Date.
General description of the scenarios
Scenario 1: Redemption at maturity at the Redemption Amount
This scenario assumes that (i) the Notes have not been previously redeemed or terminated and cancelled and are held until maturity and (ii) that no conversion of a 
Series TEP into a non-contributory Series TEP occurred. Therefore it is assumed that no Policyholder Event or Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurred.
Scenario 2: Early redemption upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event at the Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 42 ---
42
This scenario describes how the value of the investment of the Noteholder is affected by the occurrence of a Policyholder Event. The scenario assumes that a Policyholder 
Event occurred in respect of all Series TEP (see under A. Cumulative Policyholder Events below) or one single Series TEP (see under B. Single Policyholder Event below), 
which occurs either one year after the purchase of the Note or one day before the TEP Repayment Date, i.e. the maturity of the respective Series TEP.
Upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event, the Early Redemption Amount becomes payable, which is an amount equal to the lower of (A) the Offer Price incl. Initial 
Surcharge plus the Premium Payment(s) made incl. Premium Surcharge plus the Early Redemption Capped Return Amount, and (B) the Death Payment Amount. The 
Early Redemption Capped Return Amount is an amount equal to the Offer Price incl. Initial Surcharge plus the Premium Payment(s) made incl. Premium Surcharge 
multiplied by the Early Redemption Fixed Interest and the Day Count Fraction.
Therefore the payout in this case is capped and may be calculated as follows:
 	

  = min
ℎ
   

 ,! ∗ # $%& ∗& + () ! ∗ # $%*+ ∗,-
.
,/0
1
where:
"234 56789 :;3<9=68>" can be expressed as min)(@ −&),10-;
"234 56789 :;3<9=68E=" can be expressed as minF)@ −*+-, 10G;
"min" means the lower of;
"H>" is the Issue Date of the Note; 
"H2" is the date when the policyholder deceased;
"HE=" is the i-th Premium Payment Date; 
"H2 −H>" denotes a period in years;
"H2 −HE=" denotes a period in years;
"10" means 10 years;
in case of a contributory TEP, i=1, …n; "n" is the number of premium payments from the Issue Date of the Note to the date when the policyholder deceased, i.e. in 
case of a non-contributory TEP n= 0;
H> <= HEI < … HE8 <= H2;
"E>" is the Offer Price incl. Initial Surcharge; 
"E=" is the i-th Premium Payment incl. Premium Surcharge;
";<" is the Early Redemption Fixed Interest, which is either 3.5% if the Series TEP has been bought by EPEX after the 1st of January 2017 or 6.5% if the Series TEP has 
been bought by EPEX before the 1st of January 2017, as set out in the EPEX general business terms of purchase ("EPEX T&Cs").
Pursuant to the EPEX T&Cs the heirs of the policyholder may be entitled to receive a fraction of the death benefit: If the Death Payment Amount is higher than the Early 
Redemption Amount, the death benefit exceeding the Early Redemption Amount will be paid to the heirs of the original policyholder. If the Death Payment Amount is 
equal to or lower than the Early Redemption Amount, no payments to the heirs of the original policyholder will be made and the Death Payment Amount will be paid to 
the Noteholders in full.

--- Page 43 ---
43
Scenario 3: Early redemption upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event at the Extraordinary Early Redemption Amount
This scenario describes how the value of the investment of the Noteholder is affected by the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event, which effectively relates 
to the occurrence of (i) a Breach of pre-contractual duty of disclosure, (ii) Death by suicide or (iii) Death in act of war or civil commotions. The occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Policyholder Event means that the Insurer is contesting the insurance cover under a Series TEP.
The scenario assumes that an Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurred in respect of all Series TEP (see under A. Cumulative Policyholder Events below) or one single 
Series TEP (see under B. Single Policyholder Event below), which occurs either one year after the purchase of the Note or one day before the TEP Repayment Date, i.e. 
the maturity of the respective Series TEP.
The scenario assumes that an Extraordinary Policyholder Event has occurred in respect of all Series TEPs (see under A. Cumulative Extraordinary Policyholder Events
below) or one single Series TEP (see under B. Single Extraordinary Policyholder Event below), which occurs either one year after the purchase of the Note or one day 
before the TEP Repayment Date, i.e. the maturity of the respective Series TEP.
Scenario 4: Conversion of the Series TEPs from contributory to (a) non-contributory at the date of purchase
This scenario describes how the value of the investment of the Noteholder is affected by the conversion of all Series TEP (see under A. Cumulative Conversion to Non-
Contributory below) or one single Series TEP (see under B. Single Conversion to Non-Contributory below) from contributory to non-contributory Series TEP.

--- Page 44 ---
44
Scenario analysis
Scenario 1: Redemption at maturity at the Redemption Amount
In this Base Scenario, the Offer Price incl. Initial Surcharge is paid upon subscription, whereas Premiums incl. Premium Surcharge are paid annually and the Noteholder 
receives the Guaranteed Maturity Payments pursuant to the Series TEPs at the respective TEP Repayment Dates. Furthermore in this scenario only the Guaranteed 
Maturity Payments are made - based on the latest available policy statements (Standmitteilungen) as of the Reference Purchase Date. The Base Scenario has been 
composed as a reference scenario for all other scenarios’ calculations.
BASE SCENARIO AND PORTFOLIO DEFINITION
Policy ID
BS Maturity Date
Net Offer 
Price
Initial 
Surcharge
Offer Price
incl. Initial 
Surcharge
Premiums
excl. 
Premium 
Surcharge
Premium 
Surcharge
Premiums
incl. 
Premium 
Surcharge
Guaranteed
Maturity 
Payment
Death 
Payment 
Amount
Surrender
Amount
Guaranteed
Maturity 
Payment for 
Non-
contributory 
TEP
YTM
354716
01/08/2034
16,079.08 €
495.77 €
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
21,286.44 €
13,550.25 €
22,271.69 €
1.93%
360740
01/06/2027
38,195.20 €
630.22 €
38,825.42 €
10,374.88 €
93.37 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
54,209.40 €
31,748.06 €
42,215.50 €
1.44%
362069
01/05/2031
30,926.53 €
752.55 €
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
38,073.57 €
24,811.98 €
38,843.29 €
1.69%
367368
01/12/2025
55,881.80 €
754.41 €
56,636.21 €
14,471.34 €
101.30 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
76,754.46 €
43,343.01 €
56,896.78 €
1.43%
390147
01/03/2027
19,008.73 €
304.14 €
19,312.87 €
6,073.11 €
49.95 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
27,887.74 €
14,387.73 €
19,732.89 €
1.47%
390368
01/03/2027
26,793.40 €
428.70 €
27,222.10 €
13,304.96 €
119.74 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
44,593.05 €
20,707.10 €
28,311.47 €
1.50%
Portfolio
01/08/2034
186,884.74 €
3,365.79 €
190,250.53 €
44,224.29 €
364.36 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
262,804.66 €
148,548.13 €
208,271.62 €
1.57%

--- Page 45 ---
45
Scenario 2: Early redemption upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event at the Early Redemption Amount
In this scenario: 

A Policyholder Event occurs either in respect of all Series TEP or one single Series TEP either one year after the purchase of the Note or one day before the maturity 
of the Note;

No Extraordinary Policyholder Event or Conversion occurs;

The Early Redemption Fixed Interest is set at 6.5% as the Series TEP have been bought by EPEX before 1st January 2017;

The Early Redemption Amount becomes payable, i.e. the lower of the Death Payment Amount (based on the latest available policy statement (Standmitteilung)) 
and the Early Redemption Capped Amount is paid out. This means that any possible future increase in death payment amounts is not taken into account. 
The Base Scenario is shown as a reference to illustrate any deviations of this Scenario 2.
It should be noted that in this scenario the Note is redeemed early at the Scenario Maturity Date in case of a cumulative Policyholder Event. In case of a single Policyholder 
Event, the Note is only redeemed early if the Policyholder Event occurs in relation to the Series TEP with the latest BS Maturity Date.
A. 
Cumulative Policyholder Events 
1. 
The occurrence of a Policyholder Event in respect of all Series TEP occurs one year after purchase of the Note by the Noteholder.
-200,000 €
-170,000 €
-140,000 €
-110,000 €
-80,000 €
-50,000 €
-20,000 €
10,000 €
40,000 €
70,000 €
100,000 €
130,000 €
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
Years
Cashflow Profile
Purchase Price
Premium
Payout

--- Page 46 ---
46
SCENARIO 2.A.1.: POLICYHOLDER EVENT IN RELATION TO ALL SERIES TEP ONE YEAR AFTER PURCHASE
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario Maturity 
Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
17,646.04 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1,317.61 €
42,716.14 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
33,726.41 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
2,440.83 €
62,778.83 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
849.82 €
21,425.29 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1,689.73 €
30,780.32 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
6,297.99 €
209,073.04 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
Scenario outcome: Upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event in respect to all Series TEP after one year, the Yield to Scenario Maturity Date of the Note is higher than the 
YTM in the Base Scenario. However, the higher Yield is only earned over the shorter term of the Note of one year whereas in the Base Scenario the lower YTM of 1.57% is 
earned up to 2034. The (non-discounted) net payouts to the Noteholder of 266,882.34 € – 44,588.65 € – 190,250.53 € = 32,043.16 € in the Base Scenario reduce to 209,073.04 
€ – 6,297.99 € – 190,250.53 € = 12,524.52 € under this Scenario 2.A.1.
-200,000 €
-170,000 €
-140,000 €
-110,000 €
-80,000 €
-50,000 €
-20,000 €
10,000 €
40,000 €
70,000 €
100,000 €
130,000 €
160,000 €
190,000 €
220,000 €
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
Years
Cashflow Profile
Purchase Price
Premium
Payout

--- Page 47 ---
47
2. 
The Policyholder Event occurs in respect of all Series TEP one day before the maturity of the respective Series TEPs.
Scenario outcome: Upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event one day before maturity in relation to all Series TEPs, the Yield is slightly lower than in the Base Scenario, 
but still positive. The (non-discounted) net payouts to the Noteholder of 266,882.34 € – 44,588.65 € – 190,250.53 € = 32,043.16 € in the Base Scenario reduce to 262,804.66 
€ – 44,588.65 € – 190,250.53 € = 27,965.48 € under this Scenario 2.A.2.
-200,000 €
-170,000 €
-140,000 €
-110,000 €
-80,000 €
-50,000 €
-20,000 €
10,000 €
40,000 €
70,000 €
100,000 €
130,000 €
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
Years
Cashflow Profile
Purchase Price
Premium
Payout
SCENARIO 2.A.2.: POLICYHOLDER EVENT IN RESPECT OF ALL SERIES TEP ONE DAY BEFORE MATURITY
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial 
Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario Maturity 
Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
21,286.44 €
31/07/2034
1.63%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,209.40 €
31/05/2027
1.28%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,073.57 €
30/04/2031
1.52%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
76,754.46 €
30/11/2025
1.24%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
27,887.74 €
28/02/2027
1.31%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
44,593.05 €
28/02/2027
1.36%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
262,804.66 €
31/07/2034
1.38%

--- Page 48 ---
48
B. 
Single Policyholder Event
1.
The following table shows six sub-scenarios. In each sub-scenario, the Policyholder Event occurs in respect of the Series TEP highlighted in blue one year after 
issuance of the Note. Other Series TEP forming the portfolio perform exactly as in the Base Scenario. 
SCENARIO 2.B.1.: POLICYHOLDER EVENT IN RESPECT OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP ONE YEAR AFTER PURCHASE
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial 
Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario Maturity 
Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
17,646.04 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
262,256.69 €
01/05/2031
1.56%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1,317.61 €
42,716.14 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
35,438.01 €
254,740.85 €
01/08/2034
1.73%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
33,726.41 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
261,765.46 €
01/08/2034
1.64%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
2,440.83 €
62,778.83 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%

--- Page 49 ---
49
SCENARIO 2.B.1.: POLICYHOLDER EVENT IN RESPECT OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP ONE YEAR AFTER PURCHASE
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial 
Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario Maturity 
Date 
Yield
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
32,456.85 €
252,011.57 €
01/08/2034
1.80%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
849.82 €
21,425.29 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
39,315.41 €
260,089.78 €
01/08/2034
1.63%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1,689.73 €
30,780.32 €
29/02/2020
6.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
32,853.68 €
252,620.38 €
01/08/2034
1.67%
Scenario outcome: Upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event in relation to one Series TEP after one year, there is no significant negative impact on the Yield of the 
portfolio. In most cases, the Yield will increase.
2.
The following table shows six sub-scenarios. In each sub-scenario, the Policyholder Event occurs in respect of the Series TEP highlighted in blue one day before 
maturity of the respective Series TEP. Other Series TEP comprised in the portfolio perform exactly as in the Base Scenario.
SCENARIO 2.B.2.: POLICYHOLDER EVENT IN RESPECT OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP ONE DAY BEFORE MATURITY
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario Maturity 
Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
21,286.44 €
31/07/2034
1.63%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%

--- Page 50 ---
50
SCENARIO 2.B.2.: POLICYHOLDER EVENT IN RESPECT OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP ONE DAY BEFORE MATURITY
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario Maturity 
Date 
Yield
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
265,897.09 €
31/07/2034
1.53%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,209.40 €
31/05/2027
1.28%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
266,234.11 €
01/08/2034
1.54%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,073.57 €
30/04/2031
1.52%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
266,112.62 €
01/08/2034
1.54%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
76,754.46 €
30/11/2025
1.24%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
265,987.20 €
01/08/2034
1.53%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
27,887.74 €
28/02/2027
1.31%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
266,552.23 €
01/08/2034
1.55%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%

--- Page 51 ---
51
SCENARIO 2.B.2.: POLICYHOLDER EVENT IN RESPECT OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP ONE DAY BEFORE MATURITY
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario Maturity 
Date 
Yield
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
44,593.05 €
28/02/2027
1.36%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
266,433.11 €
01/08/2034
1.55%
Scenario Outcome: Upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event in relation to one Series TEP one day before maturity of the Series TEP, there is no significant impact on the 
Yield of the portfolio – it is slightly lower than in the Base Scenario, but still positive.
Scenario 3: Early redemption upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event at the Extraordinary Early Redemption Amount
In this scenario:

An Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurs either in respect of all Series TEP or one single Series TEP either one year after the purchase of the Note or one day before 
the maturity of the Note;

No Policyholder Event or Conversion occurs;

Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event, the Surrender Amount (Rückkaufswert), indicated as guaranteed by the Insurer, based on the latest policy 
statement (Standmitteilung) available at the Reference Purchase Date will be paid, i.e. guaranteed surrender amounts, but not amounts forecasted by the Insurer are 
taken into account.
The Base Scenario is shown as a reference to illustrate any deviations of this Scenario 3.
It should be noted that in this scenario the Note is redeemed early at the Scenario Maturity Date in case of a cumulative Extraordinary Policyholder Event. In case of a single 
Policyholder Event, the Note is only redeemed early if the Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurs in relation to the Series TEP with the latest BS Maturity Date

--- Page 52 ---
52
A. 
Cumulative Extraordinary Policyholder Events
1.
The cumulative Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurs one year after the issuance of the Note. 
SCENARIO 3.A.1.: EXTRAORDINARY POLICYHOLDER EVENT IN RESPECT OF ALL SERIES TEPS ONE YEAR AFTER PURCHASE
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial 
Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario 
Maturity Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
13,550.25 €
29/02/2020
-18.34%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1,317.61 €
31,748.06 €
29/02/2020
-21.18%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
24,811.98 €
29/02/2020
-21.78%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
2,440.83 €
43,343.01 €
29/02/2020
-27.58%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
849.82 €
14,387.73 €
29/02/2020
-29.68%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1,689.73 €
20,707.10 €
29/02/2020
-28.51%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
6,297.99 €
148,548.13 €
29/02/2020
-24.88%
Scenario outcome: In the cumulative Extraordinary Policyholder Event one year after the issuance of the Note, the Noteholder suffers a substantial loss. The (non-discounted) 
net payout to the Noteholder of 266,882.34 € – 44,588.65 € – 190,250.53 € = 32,043.16 € in the Base Scenario becomes negative under this Scenario 3.A.1.: 148,548.13 € –
6,297.99 € – 190,250.53 € = -48,000.39 €. 
-200,000 €
-170,000 €
-140,000 €
-110,000 €
-80,000 €
-50,000 €
-20,000 €
10,000 €
40,000 €
70,000 €
100,000 €
130,000 €
160,000 €
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
Cashflow Profile
Purchase Price
Premium
Payout

--- Page 53 ---
53
2. 
The cumulative Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurs one day before the maturity of the respective Series TEPs.
SCENARIO 3.A.2.: EXTRAORDINARY POLICYHOLDER EVENT OF ALL SERIES TEPS ONE DAY BEFORE MATURITY
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial 
Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario 
Maturity Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
13,550.25 €
31/07/2034
-1.30%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
31,748.06 €
31/05/2027
-5.82%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
24,811.98 €
30/04/2031
-1.99%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
43,343.01 €
30/11/2025
-7.97%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
14,387.73 €
28/02/2027
-7.94%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
20,707.10 €
28/02/2027
-9.72%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
148,548.13 €
31/07/2034
-5.23%
Scenario outcome: In the cumulative Extraordinary Policyholder Event one day before maturity of the Series TEPs, the Yield is negative and therefore much lower than in the 
Base Scenario. The Noteholder suffers a significant loss. The loss is greater than in Scenario 3.A.1 as the Noteholder, in this Scenario 3.A.2, pays all the premiums until the 
Maturity Date. The (non-discounted) net payout to the Noteholder of 32,043.16 € in the Base Scenario becomes highly negative under this Scenario 3.A.2.: 148,548.13 € –
44,588.65 € – 190,250.53 € = -86,291.05 €.
-200,000 €
-170,000 €
-140,000 €
-110,000 €
-80,000 €
-50,000 €
-20,000 €
10,000 €
40,000 €
70,000 €
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
Years
Cashflow Profile
Purchase Price
Premium
Payout

--- Page 54 ---
54
B. 
Single Extraordinary Policyholder Event
1.
The following table shows six sub-scenarios. In each sub-scenario, the Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurs in respect to the Series TEP highlighted in blue one 
year after the issuance of the Note. Other Series TEP comprised in the portfolio perform exactly as in the Base Scenario.
SCENARIO 3.B.1.: EXTRAORDINARY POLICYHOLDER EVENT OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP ONE YEAR AFTER PURCHASE
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial 
Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario 
Maturity Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
13,550.25 €
29/02/2020
-18.34%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
258,160.90 €
01/05/2031
1.31%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1,317.61 €
31,748.06 €
29/02/2020
-21.18%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
35,438.01 €
243,772.77 €
01/08/2034
1.04%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
24,811.98 €
29/02/2020
-21.78%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
252,851.03 €
01/08/2034
1.07%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%

--- Page 55 ---
55
SCENARIO 3.B.1.: EXTRAORDINARY POLICYHOLDER EVENT OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP ONE YEAR AFTER PURCHASE
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial 
Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario 
Maturity Date 
Yield
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
2,440.83 €
43,343.01 €
29/02/2020
-27.58%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
32,456.85 €
232,575.75 €
01/08/2034
0.57%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
849.82 €
14,387.73 €
29/02/2020
-29.68%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
39,315.41 €
253,052.22 €
01/08/2034
1.24%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1,689.73 €
20,707.10 €
29/02/2020
-28.51%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
32,853.68 €
242,547.16 €
01/08/2034
1.07%
Scenario outcome: Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event in relation to one Series TEP one year after the issuance of the Note, the Yield is much lower 
than in the Base Scenario, but still positive. The (non-discounted) net payout to the Noteholder of 32,043.16 € in the Base Scenario decreases.

--- Page 56 ---
56
2.
The following table shows six sub-scenarios. In each sub-scenario, the Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurs in respect to the Series TEP highlighted in blue one 
day before its maturity. Other Series TEP comprised in the portfolio perform exactly as in the Base Scenario.
SCENARIO 3.B.2.: EXTRAORDINARY POLICYHOLDER EVENT OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP ONE DAY BEFORE MATURITY
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
13,550.25 €
31/07/2034
-1.30%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
282,551.00 €
44,588.65 €
258,160.90 €
31/07/2034
1.19%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
31,748.06 €
31/05/2027
-5.82%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
282,551.00 €
44,588.65 €
243,772.77 €
01/08/2034
0.45%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
24,811.98 €
30/04/2031
-1.99%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
282,551.00 €
44,588.65 €
252,851.03 €
01/08/2034
0.92%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
43,343.01 €
30/11/2025
-7.97%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
282,551.00 €
44,588.65 €
232,575.75 €
01/08/2034
-0.11%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%

--- Page 57 ---
57
SCENARIO 3.B.2.: EXTRAORDINARY POLICYHOLDER EVENT OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP ONE DAY BEFORE MATURITY
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
14,387.73 €
28/02/2027
-7.94%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
282,551.00 €
44,588.65 €
253,052.22 €
01/08/2034
0.91%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
20,707.10 €
28/02/2027
-9.72%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
282,551.00 €
44,588.65 €
242,547.16 €
01/08/2034
0.39%
Scenario outcome: Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event in relation to a single Series TEP, the Yield is much lower than in the Base Scenario, and can 
become negative. The (non-discounted) net payout to the Noteholder of 32,043.16 € in the Base Scenario decreases. The Noteholder may suffer a loss.

--- Page 58 ---
58
Scenario 4: Conversion (Beitragsfreistellung)
In this scenario:

One or all Series TEPs are converted to non-contributory Series TEPs immediately after the purchase of the Note;

No future premium payments are made by the Noteholder;

No Policyholder Event or Extraordinary Policyholder Event occurs; In the event of a Conversion, the conversion amounts designated as guaranteed by the relevant 
Insurer in the latest policy statement (Standmitteilung) available at the Reference Purchase Date are paid, i.e. guaranteed conversion amounts, not amounts forecasted 
by the Insurer are taken into account.
The Base Scenario is shown as a reference to illustrate any deviations under this Scenario 4.
A. 
Cumulative Conversion to Non-Contributory
All Series TEPs are converted to non-contributory TEP immediately after the purchase of the Note.
SCENARIO 4.A.: IMMEDIATE CONVERSION OF ALL SERIES TEPS TO NON-CONTRIBUTORY TEP AT THE PURCHASE DATE 
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial 
Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
0.00 €
42,215.50 €
01/06/2027
1.02%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
0.00 €
56,896.78 €
01/12/2025
0.07%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
0.00 €
19,732.89 €
01/03/2027
0.27%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
0.00 €
28,311.47 €
01/03/2027
0.49%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
208,271.62 €
01/08/2034
0.98%

--- Page 59 ---
59
Scenario outcome: In the event of Conversion to Non-contributory TEP of all Series TEPs, the Yield is lower than in the Base Scenario, but still positive. The (non-discounted) 
net payout of 32,043.16 € the Noteholder receives in the Base Scenario becomes much smaller in this scenario 4.a.: 208,271.62 € – 190,250.53 € = 18,021.09 €.
B. 
Single Conversion to Non-Contributory
The following table shows six sub-scenarios. In each sub-scenario, the Series TEP highlighted in blue is converted to a non-contributory Series TEP. All other Series TEPs 
comprised in the portfolio perform exactly as in the Base Scenario.
SCENARIO 4.B.: IMMEDIATE CONVERSION OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP TO A NON-CONTRIBUTORY TEP
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
1.57%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
0.00 €
42,215.50 €
01/06/2027
1.02%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
-200,000 €
-170,000 €
-140,000 €
-110,000 €
-80,000 €
-50,000 €
-20,000 €
10,000 €
40,000 €
70,000 €
100,000 €
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
Years
Cashflow Profile
Purchase Price
Premium
Payout

--- Page 60 ---
60
SCENARIO 4.B.: IMMEDIATE CONVERSION OF A SINGLE SERIES TEP TO A NON-CONTRIBUTORY TEP
Policy ID
Offer Price 
incl. Initial Surcharge
BS Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
BS Payout Amount
BS Maturity Date
Scenario Premiums
incl. Premium 
Surcharge
Scenario 
Payout Amount 
Scenario 
Maturity 
Date 
Yield
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
34,120.40 €
254,240.21 €
01/08/2034
1.50%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
1.57%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
0.00 €
56,896.78 €
01/12/2025
0.07%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
30,016.01 €
246,129.52 €
01/08/2034
1.30%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
0.00 €
19,732.89 €
01/03/2027
0.27%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
1.50%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
38,465.60 €
258,397.38 €
01/08/2034
1.48%
354716
16,574.85 €
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
0.00 €
22,271.69 €
01/08/2034
1.93%
360740
38,825.42 €
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
10,468.25 €
54,857.63 €
01/06/2027
1.44%
362069
31,679.08 €
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
0.00 €
38,843.29 €
01/05/2031
1.69%
367368
56,636.21 €
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
14,572.64 €
77,649.60 €
01/12/2025
1.43%
390147
19,312.87 €
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
6,123.06 €
28,217.85 €
01/03/2027
1.47%
390368
27,222.10 €
13,424.70 €
45,042.28 €
01/03/2027
0.00 €
28,311.47 €
01/03/2027
0.49%
Portfolio
190,250.53 €
44,588.65 €
266,882.34 €
01/08/2034
31,163.95 €
250,151.53 €
01/08/2034
1.46%
Scenario outcome: In the event of a Conversion in relation to a single Series TEP, the Yield may be lower than in the Base Scenario, but is still positive.

--- Page 61 ---
61
Information on the Insurers
A Series of Notes will not comprise obligations of five (5) or fewer Insurers and any one Insurer will not account for 
20% or more of the assets underlying any Series of Notes. There is no relationship that is material to the issue 
between the Issuer and any Insurer.
Information on the Insurers where the Underlyings relate to six (6) and fewer than fifteen (15) Insurers
Where the Underlyings pursuant to a Series of Notes relate to more than or equal to six (6) and less than or equal 
to fifteen (15) Insurers, each such Insurer will be an Insurer as specified in Annex I - Insurers.
Information on the Insurers where the Underlyings relate to more than fifteen (15) Insurers
This section provides a description of the general characteristics of the Insurers and their economic environment.
Each Insurer is an insurance company in the form of a mutual insurance company (Versicherungsverein auf 
Gegenseitigkeit), stock company (Aktiengesellschaft), public agency or corporation (Anstalt oder Körperschaft 
öffentlichen Rechts) or other legal entity incorporated and operating under the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
Each Insurer operates in the insurance business and offers insurance products. These products may include life 
insurances, health insurances, endowment policies, pension and risk insurances, occupational disability and accident 
insurances or other insurance products. All products can be offered in the Federal Republic of Germany and/or 
abroad. The German insurance market is a diverse services market, in which all private and public insurance 
companies within the scope of the German Insurance Supervision Act (Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz) are controlled 
by BaFin. BaFin shares insurance supervision with the federal states (Länder), which control around a thousand 
regional insurance companies. The German insurance market is currently undergoing profound changes: The difficult 
financial market environment with its extremely low interest rates, the increasing digitalisation of the economy and 
society, a changed and increasingly complex risk landscape and new regulatory requirements. German insurance 
companies are confronted with the task of adapting their business models, product and service offerings to these 
fundamental changes.
If a Series of Notes is linked to Underlyings that relate to more than 15 Insurers, the applicable Final Terms will specify 
the relevant Insurers and contain information concerning the global statistical data referred to the Underlyings.
Information on the offering of the Notes
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds
The net proceeds from the Series of Notes will be used to acquire the Underlyings and in case of contributory 
Underlyings, make the contributory payment to the relevant Insurers. The initial surcharge charged to investors 
when subscribing the Notes will be used to pay fees and expenses in connection with (i) the administration of the 
portfolio of the relevant Compartment of the Issuer, (ii) the issue and placement of the Notes; and, if applicable (iii) 
the servicing of the Underlyings.
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer
The Final Terms may contain, if relevant, information which is material to the offering about interests of natural and 
legal persons involved in the issue.
Offer Price and dealing
The Offer Price and the initial surcharge will be determined in accordance with prevailing market conditions and 
availability of Underlyings and determined prior to or at the beginning of the offer period and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. After the end of the offer period, the amount allotted will be notified to Noteholders by 
publication of a notice. Dealing may commence prior to any such notification.
Persons, who distribute the Notes and receive a commission, fee or non-monetary benefits in return, may be obliged 
under applicable law to disclose the type and amount of such commission, fee or benefit to the investor. Investors 
should ensure that they receive the relevant information from the relevant distributor prior to purchasing the Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
62
Post-issuance information
The Issuer does not intend to publish any information following the issue, unless the information concerned is 
information that the Issuer is required to publish and exceeds the specification of the information provided in the 
relevant Final Terms to this Base Prospectus. Such mandatory publications will be effected in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions.
Conditions to which the offer is subject
The issuance of Notes is conditional inter alia on the Issuer receiving valid subscriptions for Notes amounting to an 
aggregate subscription value of an amount specified in the applicable Final Terms on or prior to the end date of the 
subscription period. In the event that this condition is not satisfied, the Issuer may cancel the issuance of the Notes 
as of the end date of the subscription period. Notice of such cancellation will be made to investors by means of a 
notice published on the Acatus Platform available on https://platform.acatus.com or in the Clearing System. In case 
the amounts subscribed by investors exceed the aggregate principal amount of a Series of Notes, the Issuer would 
give priority to the early subscribers on a first come, first served basis.
Information specified in the applicable Final Terms
The following information, if relevant, relating to the Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
•
Total amount of the issue/offer; if the amount is not fixed, description of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the amount of the offer;
•
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the offer will be open and description of the 
application process (offer period);
•
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application;
•
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for delivery of the Notes;
•
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public;
•
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for certain countries;
•
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and indication whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made;
•
Offer Price of the Notes;
•
Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to the subscriber or purchaser;
•
Name and address of the coordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extend 
known to the issuer or to the offeror, of the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place;
•
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis, and entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or under "best efforts" arrangements;
•
When the underwriting agreement has been or will be reached.
Consent to the use of the Prospectus
With respect to Art. 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation the Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by any 
financial intermediary as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with Art. 12 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by such financial intermediary (each such financial intermediary an "Authorised Offeror").
Such consent is given for the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the following states within the EEA, in which the Base 
Prospectus has been passported: Germany, Austria and France.
Such consent is subject to the Authorised Offeror complying with the terms and conditions described in this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and 
delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make representations other than those contained in 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer.
The Authorised Offeror and/or each person into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such 
restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to 
any Authorised Offeror.

--- Page 63 ---
63
In the event of an offer being made by any Authorised Offeror, such financial intermediary will provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer, including information regarding costs and 
expenses (if any), at the time the offer is made. 
Any further financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent.
Third party information and statement by experts and declarations of any interest
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any 
such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.
No statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in this Base Prospectus.
Documents on display
For the period of 10 years following the publication of this Base Prospectus, electronic copies of the following 
documents in the English language are available for inspection on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or on the website https://www.acatus.com/legal.html:
(i)
the Articles of Association of the Company;
(ii)
this Base Prospectus; and
(iii)
any audited financial statements of the Company.

--- Page 64 ---
64
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents (each a "Document") which have previously been filed with CSSF in its capacity as 
competent authority are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus in accordance with the cross-
reference list for information incorporated by reference set out below:
(A) the up-to-date articles of association of the Company dated 28 September 2018 (available at: 
https://www.acatus.com/assets/20180928_Articles%20of%20Association_Acatus%20SA_certified.pdf);
(B) the annual accounts for the period from 28 September 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018
(available at: 
https://www.acatus.com/assets/20181231_Annual%20Accounts%202018_Acatus%20SA_executed.pdf);
(C) the annual accounts for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 (available at:
https://www.acatus.com/assets/2019%20Annual%20Report%20-%20Acatus%20Securities%20SA.pdf).
Cross-Reference List for information incorporated by reference
Document
Pages references
Up-to-date Articles of Association of the Company dated 28 September 2018
including a non-binding translation thereof into French
All pages
Annual Accounts for the period from 28 September 2018 (date of incorporation) to 
31 December 2018
Director's report
2 – 4
Audit report
5 – 7
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2018
8 – 12
Profit and loss account for the period from 28 September 2018 to 31 December 2018
13 – 14
Notes to the annual accounts
15 – 20
Annual Accounts for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019
Director's report
3 – 5
Audit report
6 – 8
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2019
9 – 13
Profit and loss account for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019
14 – 15
Notes to the annual accounts
16 – 22
The Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on 
the website www.acatus.com.

--- Page 65 ---
65
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES PURSUANT TO GERMAN LAW
1
Definitions
"Acatus Platform" means the Acatus online platform available on https://platform.acatus.com, a digital debt capital 
markets platform offering real-time asset securitization and capital market placement services to asset originators 
and access to multiple assets and originators for investors.
"Agents" means the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent and all references to an Agent shall include such further or 
other person or persons as may be appointed from time to time as agent under the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement.
"Aggregate Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in the applicable Final Terms.
"Agreement" means each of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Issuer's 
Operations Servicing Agreement.
"Board" means the board of directors of the Company.
"Bonus Payment" means the amount received by the Issuer pursuant to any Underlying in excess of the Guaranteed 
Maturity Payment as calculated in respect of each Note.
"Breach of pre-contractual duty of disclosure" has the meaning given to that term in Annex – Information on Series 
TEP of the applicable Final Terms.
"Business Centre" means the relevant financial centres specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 System is open for the settlement of payments in euro and a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in euro in the Business Centre.
"Clearing System" means the clearing system specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Company" means Acatus Securities S.A..
"Companies Law" means the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on Commercial Companies, as amended.
"Compartment" means the compartment created by the Board for the issuance of one or more Series of Notes.
"Condition" means a condition of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
"Corporate Servicer" means Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A.
"Custodian" means Société Générale Luxembourg S.A. in the capacity of custodian and any successor, substitute or 
additional Custodian from time to time appointed.
"Custody Agreement" means the custody agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Custodian in respect of the 
Notes on 24 October 2018, as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Day Count Fraction" means 
(i)
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms the following quotient (reflecting a method 
of calculation of interest on the basis of actual days in a calculation period pursuant to the so-called ICMA 
rule 251):
a) if the period for which interest is calculated is equal to or shorter than the regular monthly Interest 
Accrual Period, the number of days in such calculation period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in the Interest Accrual Period and (2) the number of Business Days in the Interest Accrual Period that 
would occur in one calendar year, i.e. 12;
b) if the period for which interest is calculated is longer than one regular monthly Interest Accrual Period, 
the sum of:
(A)
the number of days in such calculation period falling in the Interest Accrual Period in which the 
calculation period begins, divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest 
Accrual Period and (2) 12; and

--- Page 66 ---
66
(B)
the number of days in such calculation period falling in the next Interest Accrual Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in the Interest Accrual Period and (2) 12;
(ii)
if Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 365 or 366 (if the relevant year is a leap year); or
(iii)
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the calculation period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2-M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the calculation period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the calculation 
period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the calculation period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the calculation period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the calculation period, unless such number is 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the calculation 
period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.
"Death by suicide" has the meaning given to that term in Annex – Information on Series TEP of the applicable Final 
Terms.
"Death in act of war or civil commotions" has the meaning given to that term in Annex – Information on Series TEP
of the applicable Final Terms.
"Death Payment Amount" (Todesfallleistung) means the amount indicatively specified as such in the Annex –
Product Data of the applicable Final Terms, subject to the relevant Insurer communicating an updated amount to 
the Issuer, which will be notified to the Noteholders on the Acatus Platform and will be, following such notification
the relevant Death Payment Amount, in each case as calculated in respect of each Note.
"Early Redemption Amount" means (i) on the First Early Redemption Date, an amount equal to the lower of (A) the 
Offer Price plus the Early Redemption Capped Amount, less any Withheld Tax; and (B) the Death Payment Amount, 
less any Withheld Tax; and (ii) on the Second Early Redemption Date, an amount equal to the relevant Withheld Tax 
Payment.
"Early Redemption Capped Amount" means the Offer Price multiplied by the Early Redemption Fixed Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction.
"Early Redemption Fixed Interest" means the decimal number specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Event of Default" means each of the events specified in Condition 10 (Events of Default).
"Extraordinary Early Redemption Amount" means (i) on the First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date, an amount 
equal to the Surrender Amount, less any Withheld Tax; and (ii) on the Second Extraordinary Early Redemption Date,
an amount equal to the Withheld Tax Payment.
"Extraordinary Early Redemption Event" means that
(i)
the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations under the Notes has or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable

--- Page 67 ---
67
present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof; and/or
(ii)
a Force Majeure Event has occurred; and/or
(iii)
the Issuer would be required to increase its commitments in respect of the Underlying(s) which are in 
particular increased payment obligations due to internal system migrations or changes in contractual 
relationships with cooperation partners; and/or
(iv)
following a change in applicable law or regulation, the costs for the Issuer arising under, or in connection 
with, the Notes are higher than the costs that the Issuer reasonably expected to incur at the time of the issue 
of the Notes; and/or
(v)
a Regulatory Event has occurred; and/or
(vi)
a Tax Event has occurred.
"Extraordinary Policyholder Event" means that the Issuer has received from the Insurer the Surrender Amount due 
to (i) a Breach of pre-contractual duty of disclosure, (ii) Death by suicide or (iii) Death in act of war or civil 
commotions.
"FATCA" means sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder that took effect on 28 January 2013, as amended from time to time.
"FATCA Withholding" means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA or to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.
"Final Maturity Date" means the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date, or (ii) if an Illiquidity Event has occurred 
and remains in effect as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the date falling the earlier of (a) the date on which all 
amounts payable under such Notes are paid, and (b) the date falling two (2) years following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date.
"First Early Redemption Date" means the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days following the receipt of the relevant 
Death Payment Amount by the Issuer.
"First Early Termination Date" means the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days following the receipt of each 
Surrender Amount by the Issuer.
"First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date" means the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days following the receipt 
of the relevant Surrender Amount by the Issuer.
"First Redemption Date" means the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days following the relevant TEP Repayment 
Date.
"Force Majeure Event" means an event or circumstance, which prevents or otherwise impedes the determinations 
or the performance of the duties of the Issuer and/or any Agent, as the case may be. These events and circumstances 
may include, without limitation, a system failure, fire, building evacuation, natural or man-made disaster, act of God, 
armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption or any similar intervening circumstance.
"Full Repayment" means that the Issuer has paid all amounts to be received from each Insurer in connection with 
(i) the full realization of the Underlyings and/or (ii) the disposal by the Issuer of the Underlyings and/or (iii) the 
enforcement and/or collection of amounts due under the Underlyings (including any compensatory and/or default 
interests in connection therewith) and/or (iv) any Withheld Tax.
"Global Note" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 2 (Form).
"Guaranteed Maturity Payment" means in respect of an Underlying the payment guaranteed by the Insurer and to 
be received by the Issuer by the TEP Repayment Date, and passed on to Noteholders, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
"Illiquidity Event" means the Issuer has not received the full amounts due pursuant to any Underlying following the 
date on which such amounts become due and payable.

--- Page 68 ---
68
"Initial Surcharge" means a fixed surcharge in order to cover all costs of the issuance of the Notes including any pro 
rata fees of the Transaction Parties paid upon subscription of the Notes expressed as a percentage which is included 
in the Offer Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Insurer" means the insurance company specified as such with respect to the relevant Series TEP in the Annex –
Insurers of the applicable Final Terms.
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period from the Issue Date to the date when the insured person under the 
relevant Series TEP deceased (if applicable), subject to a maximum length of 10 (ten) years.
"Issue" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 12 (Further Issues).
"Issue Date" has the meaning given to that term in the applicable Final Terms.
"Issuer" means Acatus Securities S.A. acting in respect of a specific Compartment.
"Issuer's Operations Servicing Agreement" means the issuer's operations servicing agreement entered into by the 
Issuer and Acatus GmbH on 24 October 2018 in respect of the Notes, as amended, restated and/or supplemented 
from time to time.
"Issuing Agent" means either Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg or Société Générale S.A. 
Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt (each including any legal successor), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement" means the issuing and paying agency agreement entered into by the Issuer 
and the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent on 20 August 2019 in respect of the Notes, as amended, restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time.
"Net Offer Price" means with respect to a Note, the Offer Price less the Initial Surcharge paid upon subscription of 
the Note.
"Noteholder" means the holder of a co-ownership participation or right in the Global Note.
"Noteholder Expenses" means, in respect of a Note, all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities 
transfer and/or other taxes or duties, in each case payable by or on behalf of the Issuer and arising in connection 
with (i) the exercise of rights under such Note and/or (ii) any payment due following exercise, cancellation, 
repurchase, redemption or otherwise in respect of such Note.
"Offer Price" has the meaning given to that term in the applicable Final Terms.
"Order of Priority" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 8.2 (Application of payments and proceeds of 
Underlyings).
"Paying Agent" means either Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg or Société Générale S.A. 
Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt (each including any legal successor), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Payment Date" means each day when a payment is to be made by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions.
"Policyholder Event" means that the insured person under the relevant Series TEP deceased and the relevant Insurer 
has paid the related Death Payment Amount to the Issuer.
"Premium Payment Notification Date" means in relation to a Contributory Note ten (10) Business Days prior to the 
relevant Scheduled Premium Payment Date.
"Redemption Amount" means (i) on the First Redemption Date, an amount equal to the sum of the Net Offer Price, 
the Guaranteed Maturity Payment and the Bonus Payment less any Withheld Tax, and (ii) on the Second Redemption 
Date, an amount equal to the relevant Withheld Tax Payment.
"Regulatory Event" means any event upon which, due to a regulatory measure or decision or legislative action, the 
Issuer may cease to be legally permitted to issue any Notes (including any Notes other than the Notes to which these 
Terms and Conditions apply) or the issuance of Notes may cease to be commercially reasonable for the Issuer.
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Scheduled TEP Repayment Date" means the date specified as such with respect to the relevant Series TEP in the 
Annex – Product Data of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 69 ---
69
"Second Early Redemption Date" means the date falling the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) Business Days after any 
Withheld Tax Payment, and (ii) the date falling two (2) years following the First Early Redemption Date.
"Second Early Termination Date" means the date falling the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) Business Days after any 
Withheld Tax Payment and (ii) the date falling two (2) years following the First Early Termination Date.
"Second Extraordinary Early Redemption Date" means the date falling the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) Business Days 
after any Withheld Tax Payment and (ii) the date falling two (2) years following the First Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Date.
"Second Redemption Date" means the date falling the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) Business Days after any Withheld Tax 
Payment and (ii) the Final Maturity Date.
"Securitization Law" means the Luxembourg law dated 22 March 2004 on securitization, as amended.
"Series" means the Notes of each original issue together with the Notes of any further issue expressed to be 
consolidated to form a single Series with the Notes of an original issue.
"Series Assets" means the Underlyings in respect of the Notes, including any amounts received by the Issuer, or 
collected, from the relevant Insurer and/or in respect of the Underlyings.
"Series Party" means any Noteholder, the Custodian and any other creditor with respect to the Series Assets, all of 
whom shall be deemed to be bound by the provisions of the Securitization Law, to the extent applicable, and the 
provisions on limited recourse, no petition, subordination, waterfall and priority of payments as included in the 
Terms and Conditions. 
"Series TEP" means the relevant traded endowment policy identified as such in the Annex – Product Data of the 
applicable Final Terms.
"Servicer" means Policen Direkt.
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given to such term the applicable Final Terms.
"Substitute Issuer" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 11 (Substitution).
"Surrender Amount" (Rückkaufswert der Versicherung) means indicatively, the amount specified as such in the 
Annex – Product Data of the applicable Final Terms, subject to the relevant Insurer communicating an updated 
amount to the Issuer, which will be notified to the Noteholders on the Acatus Platform and deemed to be the 
relevant Surrender Amount, in each case as calculated in respect of each Note.
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) system 
or any successor thereto.
"Tax Event" means any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Luxembourg and Germany or in the 
interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date 
pursuant to which the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts and/or be prevented from partially or 
totally obtaining the reimbursement of Withheld Tax.
"TEP Repayment Date" means the later of (i) the Scheduled TEP Repayment Date, or (ii) if an Illiquidity Event has 
occurred and remains in effect as of the Scheduled TEP Repayment Date, the date falling the earlier of (a) the date 
on which all amounts payable under such Notes are paid, and (b) the date falling two (2) years following the 
Scheduled TEP Repayment Date.
"Termination Amount" means (i) on the First Early Termination Date, an amount equal to the Surrender Amount, 
less any Withheld Tax in respect of each Series TEP; and (ii) on the Second Early Termination Date, an amount equal 
to the relevant Withheld Tax Payment.
"Withheld Tax" means in respect of an Underlying an amount equal to any German capital gains tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer – KapESt) and solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) withheld by the Insurer in accordance 
with German tax law as calculated in respect of each Note.
"Withheld Tax Payment" means any actual payment in respect of an Underlying received by the Issuer from the 
German Federal Tax Authority at an amount equal to the Withheld Tax.

--- Page 70 ---
70
"Zero Coupon Notes" means Notes which will generally be issued at a discount to their nominal amount and will not 
bear interest, though Noteholders may receive a bonus payment at maturity should the performance of the 
Underlyings exceed the Guaranteed Maturity Payment.
2
Form
2.1
The securities of the Company acting on behalf of the Compartment (the "Issuer") are issued at the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount in the Specified Denomination (the "Notes").
2.2
The Notes will be Zero Coupon Notes.
2.3
The Notes will be issued in bearer form and will be represented by a permanent global note (the "Global Note"). 
2.4
The Global Note is deposited with and kept in safe custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System on the Issue 
Date until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied.
2.5
Definitive Notes or interest coupons will not be issued and the right of the Noteholders to request the issue 
and delivery of definitive Notes shall be excluded.
2.6
Noteholders receive a co-ownership participation or rights in the Global Note which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable law and the rules and regulations of the Clearing System.
3
Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No Petition
3.1
All payments due under a Series of Notes are dependent on the Issuer having received a corresponding amount 
under or otherwise in relation to the relevant Underlyings, and the Series Assets being sufficient to make the 
relevant payments when applying the Order of Priority set out below. Accordingly, all payment obligations 
under a Series of Notes constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Series Assets, in 
accordance with the Order of Priority, as generated by, inter alia, payments to the Issuer by the relevant Insurer. 
The Notes shall not give rise to any payment obligation in excess of the foregoing.
3.2
The Noteholders as well as the Custodian, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent and any other Series Party shall 
have recourse only to the Series Assets and any proceeds following a collection and an enforcement of claims 
in relation to the Series Assets. The Noteholders, the Custodian, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or anyone 
acting on behalf of any of them shall not be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer, any other 
Compartment or the Company to recover any further sum and their right to receive any such sum shall be 
extinguished. If the proceeds of the realization of the Underlyings are not sufficient to make all payments due 
in respect of the Notes, no other assets of the Issuer, any other Compartment or the Company will be available 
to meet such shortfall, and the claims of the Noteholders and of any other creditors relating to the Notes in 
respect of any such shortfall shall be extinguished.
3.3
In particular, no counterparties, including any Noteholder, shall be entitled to petition or take any other step 
for the winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any other Compartment or the Company, or for any 
other insolvency related proceedings, nor shall any of them have any claim in respect of any asset of the Issuer 
not forming part of the relevant Series Assets. In addition, no Noteholders may start proceedings against the 
Issuer which are based on Art. 470-21 of the Companies Law.
4
Status and Limited Payment Obligation
4.1
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, ranking equally among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes rank equally with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, with the exception of obligations preferred by 
virtue of provisions of law.
4.2
The Notes are limited payment obligations as further set out in Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, 
Limited Recourse and No Petition), Condition 6 (Payments) and Condition 8 (Series Assets).
5
Interest
5.1
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes
No periodic interest shall be payable on Zero Coupon Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
71
5.2
Default interest
If payment of principal under a Series of Notes is not made due to the Issuer not having received the corresponding 
payment under the Underlyings, no amounts will be due and payable under such Series of Notes and, accordingly, 
no default interest will be due to Noteholders under the relevant Notes. Default and/or compensatory interests (if 
any) accrued under or in relation with the Underlyings and received by the Issuer from an Insurer will be paid out to 
the Noteholders.
6
Payments
6.1
Payments to the Noteholders
Payments on a Series of Notes will be made by the Issuer through the Paying Agent to the Clearing System for on-
transfer to the Noteholders or, where possible, by way of direct transfer to an account of a Noteholder held with the 
Paying Agent.
6.2
Payments subject to receipt of corresponding amounts under the Underlyings
All payments by the Issuer under a Series of Notes are dependent on the Issuer having received a corresponding 
amount under or otherwise in relation to the relevant Underlying and the Series Assets for the Series of Notes being 
sufficient to make the relevant payments when applying the Order of Priority set out in Condition 8.2 (Application 
of payments and proceeds of Underlyings). Accordingly, all payment obligations under the Series of Notes constitute 
solely obligations to distribute the Series Assets in accordance with the Order of Priority as generated by payments 
to the Issuer by the relevant Insurer and reimbursements of any Withheld Tax, as available on the respective Payment 
Date. The Notes shall not give rise to any payment obligation in excess of the foregoing.
In the event that any of the Issuer or any Servicer are legally obliged to repay any amounts paid by an Insurer under 
the relevant Underlying, such amounts will be deducted from any amounts that would otherwise be due and payable 
to Noteholders under the Notes. Such deduction may also be made from any future payments under the Notes and 
may result in the amount of such payments being reduced to zero.
In case of an early termination of the Underlyings, any further payment under the Notes will only be made if and to 
the extent any amounts outstanding and owed by the Insurers have been collected.
6.3
Payments subject to requirements of applicable laws
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives and (ii) any FATCA Withholding (in each case without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6.5 
(Taxation)). Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if the Issuer and/or the Paying 
Agent are/is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such 
above-mentioned laws, regulations, directives, official interpretations or agreements. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Paying Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the Clearing System in relation to the 
performance of its duties in relation to the Notes.
6.4
Noteholder expenses
In respect of each Note, all Noteholder Expenses shall be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and any 
payment in respect of a Note shall only be made after all Noteholder Expenses have been paid or otherwise 
accounted for to the satisfaction of the Issuer.
6.5
Taxation
All payments in respect of the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made subject to any withholding or 
deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature which may be required to 
be withheld or deducted. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or be otherwise obliged to pay, any additional amount to 
any of the Noteholders in respect of, or in compensation for, any such withholding or deduction or any other 
amounts withheld or deducted pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Payments subject to requirements of applicable laws) 
above. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or be otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholder shall be liable 
for and/or solely responsible to pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding and/or other payment whatsoever which may 
arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer (or agreement to transfer), any payment in 
respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. The Issuer shall have the right, but shall not be obliged (unless required

--- Page 72 ---
72
by law), to withhold or deduct from any amount payable such amount or portion as shall be necessary to account 
for and/or to pay any such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment.
6.6
Non-Business Days and roundings
If any Payment Date in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the Noteholder shall be entitled neither to a 
payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment.
Any amount which is not a full cent will be rounded down to the next cent, except for any amounts between zero 
and one cent which is rounded up to one cent.
7
Redemption, Termination and Purchase of the Notes
7.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or terminated and cancelled, the Notes will be partially redeemed on each TEP 
Repayment Date and in respect of such TEP Repayment Date the Issuer will pay the partial Redemption Amount on 
the First Redemption Date and the Second Redemption Date in respect of the affected Underlying in respect of each 
Note in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No Petition). Upon the 
occurrence of the last TEP Repayment Date, which coincides with the Final Maturity Date, the Notes are finally 
redeemed.
7.2
Early redemption
7.2.1
Early redemption upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event
Upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event the Notes will be partially redeemed early by the Issuer on giving not 
less than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices and provision of information) to the Noteholders.
Following such notice the Issuer will pay the partial Early Redemption Amount on the First Early Redemption Date
and the Second Early Redemption Date in respect of the affected Underlying in respect of each Note in each case 
subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No Petition).
7.2.2
Early redemption upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event the Notes will be partially redeemed early by the Issuer 
on giving not less than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices and provision of information) to the 
Noteholders. Following such notice the Issuer will pay the partial Extraordinary Early Redemption Amount on the 
First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date and the Second Extraordinary Early Redemption Date in respect of the 
affected Underlying in respect of each Note in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited 
Recourse and No Petition).
7.3
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Early Redemption Event the Notes may be redeemed early by the Issuer 
on giving not less than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices and provision of information) to the 
Noteholders. Following such notice the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder the pro rata Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Amount on the First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date and the Second Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Date in respect of each Series TEP not yet matured prior to the occurrence of such Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Event, in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No 
Petition).
7.4
Early termination at the option of the Noteholder
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Noteholders shall be entitled to demand payment of the Termination 
Amount on giving not less than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices and provision of 
information) to the Issuer and following such notice and provided that the Event of Default is continuing at the 
effective termination date of such notice, the Notes will be terminated and the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder 
the pro rata Termination Amount in respect of each Series TEP not yet matured prior to the occurrence of such
Termination Amount, in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No 
Petition).

--- Page 73 ---
73
7.5
Partial redemptions
On each Payment Date the Issuer will effect payments as specified in Conditions 7.1 – 7.4 above.
7.6
Purchases
The Issuer may purchase the Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. Such an acquisition will be
refinanced on the capital market. Voting rights attached to the Notes held by the Issuer are suspended but only as 
long as the Notes are held by the Issuer.
8
Series Assets
8.1
General provisions relating to Series Assets
The Series Assets (and the proceeds thereof) are available solely to meet the claims of the Series Parties.
8.2
Application of payments and proceeds of Underlyings
Subject to any statutory requirements, the Issuer shall pay any amounts due and payable pursuant to the Series of 
Notes in accordance with the following provisions of this Condition 8.2 (Application of payments and proceeds of 
Underlyings) (the "Order of Priority"):
(i)
firstly, pro rata in payment or satisfaction of all tax liabilities in relation to the Company payable to any tax 
authority;
(ii)
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
incurred by or payable to any insolvency administrator under or pursuant to the Series of Notes;
(iii)
thirdly, pro rata in discharge of any liabilities, other than the liabilities listed under iv – vi below, of the Issuer 
in relation to the Compartment payable to each of the Distributor, the Endowment Policy Trader, the Servicer, 
the Corporate Servicer, the Custodian and Issuing and Paying Agent;
(iv)
fourthly, pro rata in payment of any amounts owing to the Noteholders; 
(v)
fifthly, pro rata in payment of any other amounts payable by the Issuer; and
(vi)
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer.
The above Order of Priority applies to all cash holdings of the Issuer, regardless of the time when the Issuer receives 
such cash.
8.3
Series Assets constituting liquid assets and securities
The Issuer will procure that any Series Assets constituting "liquid assets and securities" (avoirs liquides et valeurs 
mobilières) for the purposes of Art. 22 of the Securitization Law are delivered to and held by the Custodian on behalf 
of the Issuer, subject to the conditions set out in the Securitization Law.
9
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten (10) years as from the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of 
the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) as from the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) or notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices 
and provision of information) stating that, upon further presentation of the Note being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.
10
Events of Default
Any of the following events shall constitute an event of default under the Notes (each, an "Event of Default"):
(i)
if default is made in the payment of any sum due in respect to the Notes or any of them for a period exceeding 
thirty (30) days although sufficient funds from the Series Assets are available to meet the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority; or
(ii)
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and (unless such failure 
is incapable of remedy in which case no such notice as is referred to in this paragraph shall be required) such

--- Page 74 ---
74
failure continues for a period of ninety (90) days following the service of a notice to the Issuer from holders 
of 25% of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for which such default exists requiring the same to 
be remedied (and for these purposes, a failure to perform or observe an obligation shall be deemed to be 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular time); or
(iii)
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution 
(including, without limitation, any insolvency or reorganization proceedings or similar proceedings affecting 
the rights of creditors generally) of the Issuer or the Company save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation, reorganization or other similar arrangement or formal notice is given of an intention to appoint 
an administrator or any application is made or petition is lodged or documents are filed with the court or 
administrator in relation to the Issuer or the Company; or
(iv)
if the CSSF withdraws its authorization; or
(v)
if a provisional administrator is appointed for the Company.
11
Substitution
The Issuer or any previous substitute company may be substituted by any other company (a "Substitute Issuer") as 
principal obligor under all of the Notes then outstanding provided that (i) the Substitute Issuer is established as a 
regulated securitization undertaking (société de titrisation agréée) within the meaning of the Securitization Law in 
order to offer securities in accordance with the provisions of such law and is authorized and supervised by the CSSF, 
(ii) such substitution would not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, and (iii) the other Terms 
and Conditions are complied with.
12
Further Issues
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes (each, an 
"Issue") either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, offer price and nominal amount) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with the Notes or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. Any such further 
notes shall only form a single series with the Notes if the Issuer provides additional assets which are fungible with, 
and have the same proportionate composition as, those forming part of the Series Assets for the Notes and in the 
same proportion as the proportion that the nominal amount of such new notes bears to the Notes.
13
Notices and provision of information
13.1 Notices to the Noteholders will be valid if delivered to the Clearing System(s) for communication to the 
accountholders with interests in such Notes and/or on the Acatus Platform.
13.2 Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the day after the day on which said 
notice was given to the Clearing System(s) and/or on the Acatus Platform.
13.3 Notices to the Issuer will be valid if delivered in writing and sent by registered letter with acknowledgement of 
receipt, or delivered in person or sent by email addressed to:
Acatus Securities S.A.
Address: 22-24, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg
Email: invest@acatus.com
Attention of: the Board of Directors.
13.4 The Noteholder of a Contributory Note will be notified in relation to the possibility to subscribe to further 
Tranches of the Notes on the relevant Premium Payment Notification Date pursuant to Condition 13.1. The 
notice shall include the Offer Price and the applicable Initial Surcharge payable upon subscription.
13.5 The Issuer will publish periodically on the Acatus Platform the latest available policy statements 
(Standmitteilungen) upon receipt by the relevant Insurer in relation to the Series TEPs, which include inter alia 
information on the Guaranteed Maturity Payment, Bonus Payment, Death Payment Amount and Surrender 
Amount (as applicable).

--- Page 75 ---
75
14
Agents
14.1 The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship 
of agency or trust for or with, any Noteholder.
14.2 The Issuer reserves the right pursuant to the relevant Agreement at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any of the Agents or the Custodian and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that 
the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) an Issuing Agent, (ii) a Paying Agent, (iii) an Issuer Operations Servicer, 
and (iv) a Custodian. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
shall, in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and 
all Noteholders.
15
Determinations
In case of Notes governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany all determinations made by the Issuer 
pursuant to these Terms and Conditions shall be made in the Issuer's reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) 
pursuant to §315 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – BGB).
16
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Noteholders' Meeting
Articles 470-3 – 470-19 of the Companies Law will not apply. The Terms and Conditions may be amended or 
supplemented by the Issuer with the consent of the Noteholders by majority resolution in accordance with Sections 
5 et seq. of the German Act on Bonds, as amended (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) (the 
"SchVG"). In particular, the Noteholders may agree to an amendment of material contents of the Terms and 
Conditions with the majorities specified in Section 16.1 below, including the measures provided for in Section 5 (3) 
SchVG. A duly passed majority resolution is binding for all Noteholders.
16.1
Majority quorum
Subject to the following sentence and the achievement of the required quorum pursuant to Section 15 para. 3 
SchVG, the Noteholders shall pass resolutions by a simple majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
Resolutions which amend the essential content of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of Section 5 
para. 3 no. 1 to 8 SchVG, require a majority of at least 75% of the voting rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority") to be effective.
Resolutions of the Noteholders shall be passed at a the Noteholders' meeting (Sections 9 et seq. SchVG). The 
Noteholders' meeting shall be convened by the Issuer. It shall be convened if the Noteholders whose Notes together 
amount to 5 percent of the outstanding Notes demand this in writing on the grounds that they wish to decide 
pursuant to Section 5 para. 5 sentence 2 SchVG that the termination no longer has any effect or that they have any 
other special interest in the convening of the meeting. The convocation of the Noteholders' meeting shall regulate 
the further details of the passing of the resolution and the voting. With the convening of the Noteholders' meeting, 
the items to be resolved and the proposals for resolutions shall be announced to the Noteholders in the agenda. In 
order to participate in the Noteholders' meeting or to exercise voting rights, the Noteholders must register before 
the meeting. The registration must be received at the address stated in the notice convening the meeting at the 
latest on the third calendar day before the Noteholders' meeting.
Noteholders must prove their entitlement to participate in the voting at the time of voting by means of special proof 
from their custodian bank and the submission of a blocking notice from their custodian bank in favour of the 
custodian as depositary for the voting period. Announcements shall be made in accordance with Sections 5 et seq. 
of the SchVG and with Condition 13 (Notices and provision of information) of these Terms and Conditions.
16.2
Amendments not requiring a Noteholders’ resolution
The Issuer may determine, without liability to any person therefor, any modification of the Terms and Conditions 
which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law and which is in the opinion of the Issuer not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorization or waiver will be binding on the 
Noteholders and such modification will be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices and provision of information).

--- Page 76 ---
76
17
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
17.1
Governing Law
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Series of Notes and the 
Notes) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.
17.2
Jurisdiction
The courts of Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with a Series of Notes (including any disputes relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with a Series of Notes) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with a Series of Notes may be brought in such courts. The Issuer and each of the 
Noteholders hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.
With respect to decisions pursuant to Section 9 para 2 and Section 13 para 3 of the SchVG the District Court 
(Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main is competent pursuant to Section 9 para 3 SchVG. Pursuant to Section 20 para 3 
SchVG, the Regional Court (Landgericht) of Frankfurt am Main has jurisdiction to rule on appeals against resolutions 
of the Noteholders.

--- Page 77 ---
77
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES PURSUANT TO LUXEMBOURG LAW
1
Definitions
"Acatus Platform" means the Acatus online platform available on https://platform.acatus.com, a digital debt capital 
markets platform offering real-time asset securitization and capital market placement services to asset originators 
and access to multiple assets and originators for investors.
"Agents" means the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent and all references to an Agent shall include such further or 
other person or persons as may be appointed from time to time as agent under the Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement.
"Aggregate Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in the applicable Final Terms.
"Agreement" means each of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Issuer's 
Operations Servicing Agreement.
"Board" means the board of directors of the Company.
"Bonus Payment" means the amount received by the Issuer pursuant to any Underlying in excess of the Guaranteed 
Maturity Payment as calculated in respect of each Note.
"Breach of pre-contractual duty of disclosure" has the meaning given to that term in Annex – Information on Series 
TEP of the applicable Final Terms.
"Business Centre" means the relevant financial centres specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 System is open for the settlement of payments in euro and a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in euro in the Business Centre.
"Clearing System" means the clearing system specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Company" means Acatus Securities S.A..
"Companies Law" means the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on Commercial Companies, as amended.
"Compartment" means the compartment created by the Board for the issuance of one or more Series of Notes.
"Condition" means a condition of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
"Corporate Servicer" means Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A.
"Custodian" means Société Générale Luxembourg S.A. in the capacity of custodian and any successor, substitute or 
additional Custodian from time to time appointed.
"Custody Agreement" means the custody agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Custodian in respect of the 
Notes on 24 October 2018, as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Day Count Fraction" means 
(i)
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms the following quotient (reflecting a method 
of calculation of interest on the basis of actual days in a calculation period pursuant to the so-called ICMA 
rule 251):
a) if the period for which interest is calculated is equal to or shorter than the regular monthly Interest 
Accrual Period, the number of days in such calculation period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in the Interest Accrual Period and (2) the number of Business Days in the Interest Accrual Period that 
would occur in one calendar year, i.e. 12;
b) if the period for which interest is calculated is longer than one regular monthly Interest Accrual Period, 
the sum of:
(A)
the number of days in such calculation period falling in the Interest Accrual Period in which the 
calculation period begins, divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest 
Accrual Period and (2) 12; and

--- Page 78 ---
78
(B)
the number of days in such calculation period falling in the next Interest Accrual Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in the Interest Accrual Period and (2) 12;
(ii)
if Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 365 or 366 (if the relevant year is a leap year); or
(iii)
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the calculation period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2-M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the calculation period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the calculation 
period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the calculation period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the calculation period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the calculation period, unless such number is 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the calculation 
period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.
"Death by suicide" has the meaning given to that term in Annex – Information on Series TEP of the applicable Final 
Terms.
"Death in act of war or civil commotions" has the meaning given to that term in Annex – Information on Series TEP
of the applicable Final Terms.
"Death Payment Amount" (Todesfallleistung) means the amount indicatively specified as such in the Annex –
Product Data of the applicable Final Terms, subject to the relevant Insurer communicating an updated amount to 
the Issuer, which will be notified to the Noteholders on the Acatus Platform and will be, following such notification
the relevant Death Payment Amount, in each case as calculated in respect of each Note.
"Early Redemption Amount" means (i) on the First Early Redemption Date, an amount equal to the lower of (A) the 
Offer Price plus the Early Redemption Capped Amount, less any Withheld Tax; and (B) the Death Payment Amount, 
less any Withheld Tax; and (ii) on the Second Early Redemption Date, an amount equal to the relevant Withheld Tax 
Payment.
"Early Redemption Capped Amount" means the Offer Price multiplied by the Early Redemption Fixed Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction.
"Early Redemption Fixed Interest" means the decimal number specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Event of Default" means each of the events specified in Condition 10 (Events of Default).
"Extraordinary Early Redemption Amount" means (i) on the First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date, an amount 
equal to the Surrender Amount, less any Withheld Tax; and (ii) on the Second Extraordinary Early Redemption Date,
an amount equal to the Withheld Tax Payment.
"Extraordinary Early Redemption Event" means that
(i)
the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations under the Notes has or will 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof; and/or

--- Page 79 ---
79
(ii)
a Force Majeure Event has occurred; and/or
(iii)
the Issuer would be required to increase its commitments in respect of the Underlying(s) which are in 
particular increased payment obligations due to internal system migrations or changes in contractual 
relationships with cooperation partners; and/or
(iv)
following a change in applicable law or regulation, the costs for the Issuer arising under, or in connection 
with, the Notes are higher than the costs that the Issuer reasonably expected to incur at the time of the issue 
of the Notes; and/or
(v)
a Regulatory Event has occurred; and/or
(vi)
a Tax Event has occurred.
"Extraordinary Policyholder Event" means that the Issuer has received from the Insurer the Surrender Amount due 
to (i) a Breach of pre-contractual duty of disclosure, (ii) Death by suicide or (iii) Death in act of war or civil 
commotions.
"FATCA" means sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder that took effect on 28 January 2013, as amended from time to time.
"FATCA Withholding" means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA or to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.
"Final Maturity Date" means the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date, or (ii) if an Illiquidity Event has occurred 
and remains in effect as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the date falling the earlier of (a) the date on which all 
amounts payable under such Notes are paid, and (b) the date falling two (2) years following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date.
"First Early Redemption Date" means the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days following the receipt of the relevant 
Death Payment Amount by the Issuer.
"First Early Termination Date" means the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days following the receipt of each 
Surrender Amount by the Issuer.
"First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date" means the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days following the receipt 
of the relevant Surrender Amount by the Issuer.
"First Redemption Date" means the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days following the relevant TEP Repayment 
Date.
"Force Majeure Event" means an event or circumstance, which prevents or otherwise impedes the determinations 
or the performance of the duties of the Issuer and/or any Agent, as the case may be. These events and circumstances 
may include, without limitation, a system failure, fire, building evacuation, natural or man-made disaster, act of God, 
armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption or any similar intervening circumstance.
"Full Repayment" means that the Issuer has paid all amounts to be received from each Insurer in connection with 
(i) the full realization of the Underlyings and/or (ii) the disposal by the Issuer of the Underlyings and/or (iii) the 
enforcement and/or collection of amounts due under the Underlyings (including any compensatory and/or default 
interests in connection therewith) and/or (iv) any Withheld Tax.
"Global Note" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 2 (Form).
"Guaranteed Maturity Payment" means in respect of an Underlying the amount guaranteed by the Insurer and to 
be received by the Issuer by the TEP Repayment Date, and passed on to Noteholders, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
"Illiquidity Event" means the Issuer has not received the full amounts due pursuant to any Underlying following the 
date on which such amounts become due and payable.
"Initial Surcharge" means a fixed surcharge in order to cover all costs of the issuance of the Notes including any pro 
rata fees of the Transaction Parties paid upon subscription of the Notes expressed as a percentage which is included 
in the Offer Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 80 ---
80
"Insurer" means the insurance company specified as such with respect to the relevant Series TEP in the Annex –
Insurers of the applicable Final Terms.
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period from the Issue Date to the date when the insured person under the 
relevant Series TEP deceased (if applicable), subject to a maximum length of 10 (ten) years.
"Issue" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 12 (Further Issues).
"Issue Date" has the meaning given to that term in the applicable Final Terms.
"Issuer" means Acatus Securities S.A. acting in respect of a specific Compartment.
"Issuer's Operations Servicing Agreement" means the issuer's operations servicing agreement entered into by the 
Issuer and Acatus GmbH on 24 October 2018 in respect of the Notes, as amended, restated and/or supplemented 
from time to time.
"Issuing Agent" either Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg or Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung 
Frankfurt (each including any legal successor), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement" means the issuing and paying agency agreement entered into by the Issuer 
and the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent on 20 August 2019 in respect of the Notes, as amended, restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time.
"Net Offer Price" means with respect to a Note, the Offer Price less the Initial Surcharge paid upon subscription of 
the Note.
"Noteholder" means the holder of a co-ownership participation or right in the Global Note.
"Noteholder Expenses" means, in respect of a Note, all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities 
transfer and/or other taxes or duties, in each case payable by or on behalf of the Issuer and arising in connection 
with (i) the exercise of rights under such Note and/or (ii) any payment due following exercise, cancellation, 
repurchase, redemption or otherwise in respect of such Note.
"Offer Price" has the meaning given to that term in the applicable Final Terms.
"Order of Priority" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 8.2 (Application of payments and proceeds of 
Underlyings).
"Paying Agent" means either Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg or Société Générale S.A. 
Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt (each including any legal successor), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Payment Date" means each day when a payment is to be made by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions.
"Policyholder Event" means that the insured person under the relevant Series TEP deceased and the relevant Insurer 
has paid the related Death Payment Amount to the Issuer.
"Premium Payment Notification Date" means in relation to a Contributory Note ten (10) Business Days prior to the 
relevant Scheduled Premium Payment Date.
"Redemption Amount" means (i) on the First Redemption Date, an amount equal to the sum of the Net Offer Price, 
the Guaranteed Maturity Payment and the Bonus Payment less any Withheld Tax, and (ii) on the Second Redemption 
Date, an amount equal to the relevant Withheld Tax Payment.
"Regulatory Event" means any event upon which, due to a regulatory measure or decision or legislative action, the 
Issuer may cease to be legally permitted to issue any Notes (including any Notes other than the Notes to which these 
Terms and Conditions apply) or the issuance of Notes may cease to be commercially reasonable for the Issuer.
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Scheduled TEP Repayment Date" means the date specified as such with respect to the relevant Series TEP in the 
Annex – Product Data of the applicable Final Terms.
"Second Early Redemption Date" means the date falling the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) Business Days after any 
Withheld Tax Payment, and (ii) the date falling two (2) years following the First Early Redemption Date.

--- Page 81 ---
81
"Second Early Termination Date" means the date falling the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) Business Days after any 
Withheld Tax Payment and (ii) the date falling two (2) years following the First Early Termination Date.
"Second Extraordinary Early Redemption Date" means the date falling the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) Business Days 
after any Withheld Tax Payment and (ii) the date falling two (2) years following the First Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Date.
"Second Redemption Date" means the date falling the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) Business Days after any Withheld Tax 
Payment and (ii) the Final Maturity Date.
"Securitization Law" means the Luxembourg law dated 22 March 2004 on securitization, as amended.
"Series" means the Notes of each original issue together with the Notes of any further issue expressed to be 
consolidated to form a single Series with the Notes of an original issue.
"Series Assets" means the Underlyings in respect of the Notes, including any amounts received by the Issuer, or 
collected, from the relevant Insurer and/or in respect of the Underlyings.
"Series Party" means any Noteholder, the Custodian and any other creditor with respect to the Series Assets, all of 
whom shall be deemed to be bound by the provisions of the Securitization Law, to the extent applicable, and the 
provisions on limited recourse, no petition, subordination, waterfall and priority of payments as included in the 
Terms and Conditions. 
"Series TEP" means the relevant traded endowment policy identified as such in the Annex – Product Data of the 
applicable Final Terms.
"Servicer" means Policen Direkt.
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given to such term the applicable Final Terms.
"Substitute Issuer" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 11 (Substitution).
"Surrender Amount" (Rückkaufswert der Versicherung) means indicatively, the amount specified as such in the 
Annex – Product Data of the applicable Final Terms, subject to the relevant Insurer communicating an updated 
amount to the Issuer, which will be notified to the Noteholders on the Acatus Platform and deemed to be the 
relevant Surrender Amount, in each case as calculated in respect of each Note.
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) system 
or any successor thereto.
"Tax Event" means any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Luxembourg and Germany or in the 
interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date 
pursuant to which the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts and/or be prevented from partially or 
totally obtaining the reimbursement of Withheld Tax.
"TEP Repayment Date" means the later of (i) the Scheduled TEP Repayment Date, or (ii) if an Illiquidity Event has 
occurred and remains in effect as of the Scheduled TEP Repayment Date, the date falling the earlier of (a) the date 
on which all amounts payable under such Notes are paid, and (b) the date falling two (2) years following the 
Scheduled TEP Repayment Date.
"Termination Amount" means (i) on the First Early Termination Date, an amount equal to the Surrender Amount, 
less any Withheld Tax in respect of each Series TEP; and (ii) on the Second Early Termination Date, an amount equal 
to the relevant Withheld Tax Payment.
"Withheld Tax" means in respect of an Underlying an amount equal to any German capital gains tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer – KapESt) and solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) withheld by the Insurer in accordance 
with German tax law as calculated in respect of each Note.
"Withheld Tax Payment" means any actual payment in respect of an Underlying received by the Issuer from the 
German Federal Tax Authority at an amount equal to the Withheld Tax.
"Zero Coupon Notes" means Notes which will generally be issued at a discount to their nominal amount and will not 
bear interest, though Noteholders may receive a bonus payment at maturity should the performance of the 
Underlyings exceed the Guaranteed Maturity Payment.

--- Page 82 ---
82
2
Form
2.1
The securities of the Company acting on behalf of the Compartment (the "Issuer") are issued at the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount in the Specified Denomination (the "Notes").
2.2
The Notes will be Zero Coupon Notes.
2.3
The Notes will be issued in bearer form and will be represented by a permanent global note (the "Global Note"). 
2.4
The Global Note is deposited with and kept in safe custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System on the Issue 
Date until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied.
2.5
Definitive Notes or interest coupons will not be issued and the right of the Noteholders to request the issue 
and delivery of definitive Notes shall be excluded.
2.6
Noteholders receive a co-ownership participation or rights in the Global Note which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable law and the rules and regulations of the Clearing System.
3
Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No Petition
3.1
All payments due under a Series of Notes are dependent on the Issuer having received a corresponding amount 
under or otherwise in relation to the relevant Underlyings, and the Series Assets being sufficient to make the 
relevant payments when applying the Order of Priority set out below. Accordingly, all payment obligations 
under a Series of Notes constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Series Assets, in 
accordance with the Order of Priority, as generated by, inter alia, payments to the Issuer by the relevant Insurer. 
The Notes shall not give rise to any payment obligation in excess of the foregoing.
3.2
The Noteholders as well as the Custodian, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent and any other Series Party shall 
have recourse only to the Series Assets and any proceeds following a collection and an enforcement of claims 
in relation to the Series Assets. The Noteholders, the Custodian, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or anyone 
acting on behalf of any of them shall not be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer, any other 
Compartment or the Company to recover any further sum and their right to receive any such sum shall be 
extinguished. If the proceeds of the realization of the Underlyings are not sufficient to make all payments due 
in respect of the Notes, no other assets of the Issuer, any other Compartment or the Company will be available 
to meet such shortfall, and the claims of the Noteholders and of any other creditors relating to the Notes in 
respect of any such shortfall shall be extinguished.
3.3
In particular, no counterparties, including any Noteholder, shall be entitled to petition or take any other step 
for the winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any other Compartment or the Company, or for any 
other insolvency related proceedings, nor shall any of them have any claim in respect of any asset of the Issuer 
not forming part of the relevant Series Assets. In addition, no Noteholders may start proceedings against the 
Issuer which are based on Art. 470-21 of the Companies Law.
4
Status and Limited Payment Obligation
4.1
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, ranking equally among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes rank equally with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, with the exception of obligations preferred by 
virtue of provisions of law.
4.2
The Notes are limited payment obligations as further set out in Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, 
Limited Recourse and No Petition), Condition 6 (Payments) and Condition 8 (Series Assets).
5
Interest
5.1
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes
No periodic interest shall be payable on Zero Coupon Notes.
5.2
Default interest
If payment of principal under a Series of Notes is not made due to the Issuer not having received the corresponding 
payment under the Underlyings, no amounts will be due and payable under such Series of Notes and, accordingly, 
no default interest will be due to Noteholders under the relevant Notes. Default and/or compensatory interests (if

--- Page 83 ---
83
any) accrued under or in relation with the Underlyings and received by the Issuer from an Insurer will be paid out to 
the Noteholders.
6
Payments
6.1
Payments to the Noteholders
Payments on a Series of Notes will be made by the Issuer through the Paying Agent to the Clearing System for on-
transfer to the Noteholders or, where possible, by way of direct transfer to an account of a Noteholder held with the 
Paying Agent.
6.2
Payments subject to receipt of corresponding amounts under the Underlyings
All payments by the Issuer under a Series of Notes are dependent on the Issuer having received a corresponding 
amount under or otherwise in relation to the relevant Underlying and the Series Assets for the Series of Notes being 
sufficient to make the relevant payments when applying the Order of Priority set out in Condition 8.2 (Application 
of payments and proceeds of Underlyings). Accordingly, all payment obligations under the Series of Notes constitute 
solely obligations to distribute the Series Assets in accordance with the Order of Priority as generated by payments 
to the Issuer by the relevant Insurer and reimbursements of any Withheld Tax, as available on the respective Payment 
Date. The Notes shall not give rise to any payment obligation in excess of the foregoing.
In the event that any of the Issuer or any Servicer are legally obliged to repay any amounts paid by an Insurer under 
the relevant Underlying, such amounts will be deducted from any amounts that would otherwise be due and payable 
to Noteholders under the Notes. Such deduction may also be made from any future payments under the Notes and 
may result in the amount of such payments being reduced to zero.
In case of an early termination of the Underlyings, any further payment under the Notes will only be made if and to 
the extent any amounts outstanding and owed by the Insurers have been collected.
6.3
Payments subject to requirements of applicable laws
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives and (ii) any FATCA Withholding (in each case without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6.5 
(Taxation)). Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if the Issuer and/or the Paying 
Agent are/is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such 
above-mentioned laws, regulations, directives, official interpretations or agreements. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Paying Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the Clearing System in relation to the 
performance of its duties in relation to the Notes.
6.4
Noteholder expenses
In respect of each Note, all Noteholder Expenses shall be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and any 
payment in respect of a Note shall only be made after all Noteholder Expenses have been paid or otherwise 
accounted for to the satisfaction of the Issuer.
6.5
Taxation
All payments in respect of the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made subject to any withholding or 
deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature which may be required to 
be withheld or deducted. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or be otherwise obliged to pay, any additional amount to 
any of the Noteholders in respect of, or in compensation for, any such withholding or deduction or any other 
amounts withheld or deducted pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Payments subject to requirements of applicable laws) 
above. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or be otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholder shall be liable 
for and/or solely responsible to pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding and/or other payment whatsoever which may 
arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer (or agreement to transfer), any payment in 
respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. The Issuer shall have the right, but shall not be obliged (unless required 
by law), to withhold or deduct from any amount payable such amount or portion as shall be necessary to account 
for and/or to pay any such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment.

--- Page 84 ---
84
6.6
Non-Business Days and roundings
If any Payment Date in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the Noteholder shall be entitled neither to a 
payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment.
Any amount which is not a full cent will be rounded down to the next cent, except for any amounts between zero 
and one cent which is rounded up to one cent.
7
Redemption, Termination and Purchase of the Notes
7.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or terminated and cancelled, the Notes will be partially redeemed on each TEP 
Repayment Date and in respect of such TEP Repayment Date the Issuer will pay the partial Redemption Amount on 
the First Redemption Date and the Second Redemption Date in respect of the affected Underlying in respect of each 
Note in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No Petition). Upon the 
occurrence of the last TEP Repayment Date, which coincides with the Final Maturity Date, the Notes are finally 
redeemed.
7.2
Early redemption
7.2.1
Early redemption upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event
Upon the occurrence of a Policyholder Event the Notes will be partially redeemed early by the Issuer on giving not 
less than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices and provision of information) to the Noteholders.
Following such notice the Issuer will pay the partial Early Redemption Amount on the First Early Redemption Date
and the Second Early Redemption Date in respect of the affected Underlying in respect of each Note in each case 
subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No Petition).
7.2.2
Early redemption upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Policyholder Event the Notes will be partially redeemed early by the Issuer 
on giving not less than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices and provision of information) to the 
Noteholders. Following such notice the Issuer will pay the partial Extraordinary Early Redemption Amount on the 
First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date and the Second Extraordinary Early Redemption Date in respect of the 
affected Underlying in respect of each Note in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited 
Recourse and No Petition).
7.3
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Early Redemption Event the Notes may be redeemed early by the Issuer 
on giving not less than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices and provision of information) to the 
Noteholders. Following such notice the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder the pro rata Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Amount on the First Extraordinary Early Redemption Date and the Second Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Date in respect of each Series TEP not yet matured prior to the occurrence of such Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Event, in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No 
Petition).
7.4
Early termination at the option of the Noteholder
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Noteholders shall be entitled to demand payment of the Termination 
Amount on giving not less than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices and provision of 
information) to the Issuer and following such notice and provided that the Event of Default is continuing at the 
effective termination date of such notice, the Notes will be terminated and the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder 
the pro rata Termination Amount in respect of each Series TEP not yet matured prior to the occurrence of such
Termination Amount, in each case subject to Condition 3 (Limited Payment Obligation, Limited Recourse and No 
Petition).
7.5
Partial redemptions
On each Payment Date the Issuer will effect payments as specified in Conditions 7.1 – 7.4 above.

--- Page 85 ---
85
7.6
Purchases
The Issuer may purchase the Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. Such an acquisition will be 
refinanced on the capital market. Voting rights attached to the Notes held by the Issuer are suspended but only as 
long as the Notes are held by the Issuer.
8
Series Assets
8.1
General provisions relating to Series Assets
The Series Assets (and the proceeds thereof) are available solely to meet the claims of the Series Parties.
8.2
Application of payments and proceeds of Underlyings
Subject to any statutory requirements, the Issuer shall pay any amounts due and payable pursuant to the Series of 
Notes in accordance with the following provisions of this Condition 8.2 (Application of payments and proceeds of 
Underlyings) (the "Order of Priority"):
(i)
firstly, pro rata in payment or satisfaction of all tax liabilities in relation to the Company payable to any tax 
authority;
(ii)
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
incurred by or payable to any insolvency administrator under or pursuant to the Series of Notes;
(iii)
thirdly, pro rata in discharge of any liabilities, other than the liabilities listed under iv – vi below, of the Issuer 
in relation to the Compartment payable to each of the Distributor, the Endowment Policy Trader, the Servicer, 
the Corporate Servicer, the Custodian and Issuing and Paying Agent;
(iv)
fourthly, pro rata in payment of any amounts owing to the Noteholders; 
(v)
fifthly, pro rata in payment of any other amounts payable by the Issuer; and
(vi)
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer.
The above Order of Priority applies to all cash holdings of the Issuer, regardless of the time when the Issuer receives 
such cash.
8.3
Series Assets constituting liquid assets and securities
The Issuer will procure that any Series Assets constituting "liquid assets and securities" (avoirs liquides et valeurs 
mobilières) for the purposes of Art. 22 of the Securitization Law are delivered to and held by the Custodian on behalf 
of the Issuer, subject to the conditions set out in the Securitization Law. 
9
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten (10) years as from the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of 
the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) as from the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) or notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices 
and provision of information) stating that, upon further presentation of the Note being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.
10
Events of Default
Any of the following events shall constitute an event of default under the Notes (each, an "Event of Default"):
(i)
if default is made in the payment of any sum due in respect to the Notes or any of them for a period exceeding 
thirty (30) days although sufficient funds from the Series Assets are available to meet the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority; or
(ii)
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and (unless such failure 
is incapable of remedy in which case no such notice as is referred to in this paragraph shall be required) such 
failure continues for a period of ninety (90) days following the service of a notice to the Issuer from holders 
of 25% of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for which such default exists requiring the same to

--- Page 86 ---
86
be remedied (and for these purposes, a failure to perform or observe an obligation shall be deemed to be 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular time); or
(iii)
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution 
(including, without limitation, any insolvency or reorganization proceedings or similar proceedings affecting 
the rights of creditors generally) of the Issuer or the Company save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation, reorganization or other similar arrangement or formal notice is given of an intention to appoint 
an administrator or any application is made or petition is lodged or documents are filed with the court or 
administrator in relation to the Issuer or the Company; or
(iv)
if the CSSF withdraws its authorization; or
(v)
if a provisional administrator is appointed for the Company.
11
Substitution
The Issuer or any previous substitute company may be substituted by any other company (a "Substitute Issuer") as 
principal obligor under all of the Notes then outstanding provided that (i) the Substitute Issuer is established as a 
regulated securitization undertaking (société de titrisation agréée) within the meaning of the Securitization Law in 
order to offer securities in accordance with the provisions of such law and is authorized and supervised by the CSSF, 
(ii) such substitution would not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, and (iii) the other Terms 
and Conditions are complied with.
12
Further Issues
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes (each, an 
"Issue") either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, offer price and nominal amount) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with the Notes or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. Any such further 
notes shall only form a single series with the Notes (unless otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution) if 
the Issuer provides additional assets which are fungible with, and have the same proportionate composition as, 
those forming part of the Series Assets for the Notes and in the same proportion as the proportion that the nominal 
amount of such new notes bears to the Notes.
13
Notices and provision of information
13.1 Notices to the Noteholders will be valid if delivered to the Clearing System(s) for communication to the 
accountholders with interests in such Notes and/or on the Acatus Platform.
13.2 Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the day after the day on which said 
notice was given to the Clearing System(s) and/or on the Acatus Platform.
13.3 Notices to the Issuer will be valid if delivered in writing and sent by registered letter with acknowledgement of 
receipt, or delivered in person or sent by email addressed to:
Acatus Securities S.A.
Address: 22-24, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg
Email: invest@acatus.com
Attention of: the Board of Directors.
13.4 The Noteholder of a Contributory Note will be notified in relation to the possibility to subscribe to further 
Tranches of the Notes on the relevant Premium Payment Notification Date pursuant to Condition 13.1. The 
notice shall include the Offer Price and the applicable Initial Surcharge payable upon subscription.
13.5 The Issuer will publish periodically on the Acatus Platform the latest available policy statements 
(Standmitteilungen) upon receipt by the relevant Insurer in relation to the Series TEPs, which include inter alia 
information on the Guaranteed Maturity Payment, Bonus Payment, Death Payment Amount and Surrender 
Amount (as applicable).
14
Agents
14.1 The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship 
of agency or trust for or with, any Noteholder.

--- Page 87 ---
87
14.2 The Issuer reserves the right pursuant to the relevant Agreement at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any of the Agents or the Custodian and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that 
the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) an Issuing Agent, (ii) a Paying Agent, (iii) an Issuer Operations Servicer, 
and (iv) a Custodian. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
shall, in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and 
all Noteholders.
15
Determinations
In case of Notes governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg all determinations made by the Issuer 
pursuant to these Terms and Conditions shall be made by the Issuer acting in good faith (bonne foi).
16
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Noteholders' Meeting
16.1 Convening of physical meetings 
Articles 470-3 – 470-19 of the Companies Law will not apply. The Issuer may, and shall upon written request of one 
or more Noteholders holding, at least, 20 per cent of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Series of 
Notes, convene a meeting of the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes to be held at such place and by such 
means as the Issuer shall determine.
At least fourteen (14) calendar days’ prior written notice shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders by simple 
letter or electronic mail, or through the Clearing System as provided for in Condition 13 (Notices and provision of 
information). The notice shall specify the place, day and hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business 
to be considered. The notice shall state that the Noteholder is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on such 
Noteholder’s behalf for purposes of Conditions 16.6 (Poll) and 16.7 (Voting).
Any notice given through the Clearing System(s) and/or on the Acatus Platform shall be deemed to have been given 
to each Noteholder on the day after the day on which said notice was given to the Clearing System and/or on the 
Acatus Platform.
The accidental failure to give notice to – or the non-receipt of – such notice by any of the Noteholders shall not 
invalidate the proceedings of or any resolution passed at any meeting.
16.2 Quorum and majority
Modification of the Terms and Conditions (i) to change the maturity of the Notes or the date on which interest (if 
any) is payable in connection with the Notes, (ii) to reduce the nominal amount of or reduce the interest rate (if any) 
payable in connection with the Notes, (iii) to amend the redemption conditions, (iv) to increase or decrease the total 
interest (if any) and redemption amount (v) to change the currency of payment of the Notes (vi) to vary the quorum 
provisions or the majority required to pass a resolution or (vii) to make any other change or amendment to the 
Terms and Conditions (other than any modification, authorization or waiver as described in Condition 16.13
(Amendments not requiring a Noteholders’ resolution) below may only be made by a resolution approved by two-
thirds of votes cast (an "Extraordinary Resolution").
Other resolutions concerning, inter alia, (i) the approval of any conservatory measure taken in the common interest 
of the Noteholders, (ii) the determination of any other measures aimed at defending the Noteholders’ interests or 
the exercise by the Noteholders of their rights will be taken by a resolution approved by a simple majority of votes 
cast (an "Ordinary Resolution").
The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution will require the 
presence of one or more Noteholders (or persons representing them) holding, at least, 50 per cent of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes. Any resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders holding Notes of the same Series of Notes (whether or not they 
were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed).
If no quorum is present within thirty (30) minutes as from the time appointed for a meeting of the Noteholders, the 
meeting shall be adjourned to such day (not being earlier than fourteen (14) days nor later than twenty-eight (28) 
days after the date of the original meeting), time and place as the chairman directs. At any such adjourned meeting 
the Noteholder or Noteholders or proxies for Noteholders present, regardless of the number of the Notes held or 
represented by them, will constitute a quorum for all purposes. At least seven (7) days’ prior written notice of any

--- Page 88 ---
88
adjourned meeting of the Noteholders shall be given. notice of any adjourned meeting shall, so far as possible, be 
given in the same manner as for the original meeting and such notice shall state that the Noteholder or Noteholders 
or proxies for the Noteholders present at such meetings, regardless of the number or the Notes held or represented 
by them, will constitute a quorum. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except for businesses, 
which might have lawfully been transacted at the original meeting.
16.3 Chairman
The Issuer may nominate in writing a person to preside as chairman at a meeting but if no such person is nominated 
or, if at any meeting the person nominated is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding 
the meeting, the Noteholders present shall choose one of them to be pro tempore chairman for this meeting. No 
chairman is requested for a decision that is taken by way of resolution in writing as set out in Condition 16.12
(Resolution in writing) below.
16.4 Attendance of members of the Board and advisors
The members of the Board and the legal and other professional advisors of the Issuer and any other person 
authorized by the Issuer may attend and speak at any meeting.
16.5 Resolutions taken during a physical meeting
A resolution put to the vote in the meeting shall be decided on a show of hands unless, prior to the adoption of a 
resolution by such means, a poll was demanded by the chairman or by one or more Noteholders present, or by their 
proxies, holding or representing not less than 5 per cent of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Series 
of Notes. Unless a poll is so demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has been adopted 
unanimously or by a particular majority, or not passed, shall be conclusive evidence thereof, without the need of 
additional proof of the number or proportion of votes recorded in favor of or against such resolution.
16.6 Poll
If a poll is duly demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and at such time and place as the chairman may direct. 
If the poll was demanded for the election of a chairman or to resolve on any question related to the adjournment 
of a meeting, the poll shall be taken at that same meeting without any adjournment.
No separate notice on the date and time of the adjourned meeting for taking a poll needs be given, if the time and 
place at which the poll is to be taken are announced at the meeting where such poll was demanded. In any other 
case, prior written notice shall be given with at least seven (7) calendar days in advance.
The demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of any business other 
than the question for the resolution of which the poll has been demanded. The demand for a poll may be withdrawn.
The result of a poll shall be deemed to be a resolution of the meeting at which the poll was demanded.
16.7 Voting
On a poll every Noteholder who is present in person or by proxy or, in if a legal entity, by its duly authorized 
representatives shall have one vote for every Note held. A Noteholder entitled to more than one vote on a poll is 
not required to use all the votes or have them all casted in the same way.
No objection shall be raised to the qualification of any person voting except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at 
which the vote objected to is tendered, and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection 
made in due time shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.
16.8 Equality of votes
In the case of an equality of votes whether on a show of hands or on a poll the chairman of the meeting shall not be 
entitled to a casting vote.
16.9 Adjournment of a meeting
The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting with quorum (and shall if so directed by the meeting), adjourn the 
meeting from time to time and from place to place. No business shall, however, be transacted and resolved at any 
such adjourned meeting, unless any such business might have lawfully been transacted at the meeting on which the 
adjournment was resolved. No separate notice on the date and time of the adjourned meeting needs be given, 
unless the meeting was adjourned for fourteen (14) days or more, in which event prior written notice shall be given 
with at least seven (7) calendar days in advance.

--- Page 89 ---
89
16.10 Proxies
The instrument appointing a proxy shall be made in writing by the Noteholder or its duly authorized representative. 
The Issuer may but shall not be obliged to require evidence of the authority of any such representative.
A person appointed to act as proxy needs not be a Noteholder. The chairman of the meeting may be designated as 
a proxy in an instrument of proxy without being named. An instrument of proxy shall be valid for any adjournment 
of the meeting to which it relates, unless otherwise indicated in such instrument.
The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of attorney under which it is granted shall be deposited at the 
Issuer’s registered office or at such other place as may be specified in the notice convening the meeting or any 
document accompanying such notice, with at least forty-eight hours prior to the time of the meeting or adjourned 
meeting or for the taking of the poll to which such instrument relates. Any instrument of proxy not deposited as 
provided in this Condition 16.10 (Proxies) shall be invalid.
The instrument appointing a proxy shall not have been granted more than twelve (12) months prior to the meeting 
at which it is purported to be used.
A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument appointing a proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the 
previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy is 
given, unless notification in writing of the death, insanity or revocation thereof was received at the registered office 
of the Issuer prior to the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting or of the taking of the poll at which 
the proxy is to be used.
16.11 Minutes
The chairman shall procure that minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting be produced and duly 
entered in books to be provided for that purpose by the Issuer. Any such minutes, if signed by the chairman of the 
respective Noteholders’ meeting, or by the chairman of the next succeeding Noteholders’ meeting, shall be 
conclusive evidence of the matters contained in the minutes and, unless otherwise proven, the respective meeting 
shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held, and all resolutions passed at such meeting to have been duly 
passed.
16.12 Resolution in writing
Notwithstanding the above, a resolution in writing signed as described in this Condition 16.12 (Resolution in writing) 
shall be valid and effective as if passed at a duly convened and held meeting of the Noteholders. Such resolution in 
writing may consist of several documents in the like form, each of them signed by or on behalf of the respective 
Noteholders.
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of not less than two-thirds of the outstanding 
principal amount of the relevant Series of the Notes shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a Noteholders’ meeting.
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of a simple majority in of the outstanding principal 
amount of the relevant Series of the Notes shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effective as an Ordinary Resolution 
passed at a of Noteholders’ meeting.
A resolution in writing, for which the Noteholders will express their approval or disapproval electronically, shall for 
all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Ordinary Resolution or, as the case may be, an Extraordinary Resolution 
as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held.
16.13 Amendments not requiring a Noteholders’ resolution
The Issuer may determine, without liability to any person therefor, any modification of the Terms and Conditions 
which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law and which is in the opinion of the Issuer not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorization or waiver will be binding on the 
Noteholders and such modification will be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices and provision of information).

--- Page 90 ---
90
17
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
17.1
Governing Law
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Series of Notes and the 
Notes) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Luxembourg.
17.2
Jurisdiction
The courts of Luxembourg-City, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with a Series of Notes (including any disputes relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with a Series of Notes) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings
arising out of or in connection with a Series of Notes may be brought in such courts. The Issuer and each of the 
Noteholders hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.

--- Page 91 ---
91
TAXATION WARNING
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer's country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes.
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 92 ---
92
SALES AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
General
The distribution of this document and the offering of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons coming in possession of this document are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and observe 
any such restrictions.
The Notes of each Series will be offered by the Issuer to Noteholders in the jurisdictions specified in the Final Terms 
at the relevant Offer Price. The Issuer will use this Base Prospectus for the placement in such jurisdictions. The Issuer 
shall not be obliged to sell all or any of the Notes of any Series.
The Issuer will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction where it offers, sells or delivers Notes or distributes this Base Prospectus or any part thereof or any other 
offering material.
European Economic Area
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each Distributor has 
represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of the Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in 
that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following 
the date of publication, or, where the Non-exempt Offer is made in Austria, the period beginning on the day 
after publication on a banking day, of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
exempt Offer;
(b)
at any time to any person or legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation); or
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes
and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States. No person has 
registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA") and the rules thereunder (the "CFTC Rules") of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC"), and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered under the United States Investment 
Issuer Act of 1940, as amended, nor under any other United States federal laws. The Notes are being offered and 
sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S.
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an "Offshore 
Transaction" (as such term is defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee.

--- Page 93 ---
93
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of this United States selling and transfer restriction: "Permitted 
Transferee" means any person who is not:
(a)
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; or
(b)
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, 
guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes 
of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States 
persons", shall be considered a U.S. person).
Transfers of Notes within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee are prohibited. Any 
transfer of Notes to a person other than a Permitted Transferee (a "Non-Permitted Transferee") will be void ab initio 
and of no legal effect whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest 
in a Note in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such 
Note. The Issuer shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest 
in a Note is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non- Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to (i) 
Acatus GmbH or to any of its affiliates (to the extent permitted by applicable law); or (ii) a person who is not a Non-
Permitted Transferee. The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of Notes to a Non-
Permitted Transferee may adversely affect the ability of an investor in the Notes to dispose of the Notes in the 
secondary market, if any, and significantly reduce the liquidity of the Notes. As a result, the value of the Notes may 
be materially adversely affected.
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") 
or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other regulatory agency in the United 
States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the merits of the Notes. Any representation to 
the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, 
contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and neither trading 
in the Notes nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, and no person other than a Permitted 
Transferee may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Notes.
United Kingdom
In relation to the United Kingdom, an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto may not be made to the public in the 
United Kingdom, except that an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom may be made:
(a)
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") (a "Public Offer"), following 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms 
contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public 
Offer;
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA");
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Issuer for any such offer; or
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in the 
United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes

--- Page 94 ---
94
and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions 
All applicable provisions of the FSMA must be complied with in respect to anything done in relation to any Notes in, 
from or otherwise involving the UK. An invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) may only be communicated or caused to be communicated in connection with 
the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not 
an authorised person, apply to the Issuer.

--- Page 95 ---
95
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (PR NOTES)
[Insert in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only":
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the][each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s][s’] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s][s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Insert in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market":
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET –
Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); [insert in 
case of notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines"): and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] 
[insert in case of notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, 
for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and 
appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to 
retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 
25(3) of MiFID II: (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[‘s][s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[insert in case of 
advised sales:, subject to the Distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]
[Insert unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Not 
Applicable":
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 96 ---
96
Final Terms 
dated [●]
Acatus Securities S.A.
acting in respect of its Compartment [●]
Series [●] EUR [Aggregate Nominal Amount] Notes (together the "Notes")
under the Programme for the issuance of payment backed notes
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in the 
Programme for the issuance of payment backed notes dated 3 February 2021 ([as supplemented by a supplement 
dated [●]][repeat as necessary],] the "Base Prospectus" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms as 
Appendix. 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).
Information relating to the offer and the Series of Notes:
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Italicised text denotes directions for 
completing these Final Terms.]
1
Issue Date:
[●]
2
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
EUR [●]
3
Specified Denomination:
EUR [●]
4
Authorization:
[statement of the resolutions, authorizations and approvals by 
virtue of which the securities have been or will be created and/or 
issued]
5
Governing law:
[Luxembourg law][German law]
6
Estimated net proceeds:
EUR [●]
7
Estimated total expenses of the 
issue/offer:
[EUR] [●]
8
Minimum and/or maximum
subscription amount:
[Minimum subscription amount: EUR [●] [and any multiple of 
EUR [●]]]
[Maximum subscription amount: EUR [●]]
9
Additional conflicts of interest:
[Not applicable] [●]
Information relating to the Underlyings
10
Product Offering:
(a)
Type of Notes:
[Non-contributory] [and] [Contributory] Notes
issued as 
Preselected Portfolio Notes
(b)
Insurance contract identification 
numbers:
[●]
(c)
Principal terms and conditions:
See below in Annex – Information on Series TEP
(d)
Details 
of 
any 
material 
relationship between the Issuer 
and the Insurers:
[specify] [Not applicable]
(e)
Weightings:
[insert share of the basket as a percentage for each Underlying]

--- Page 97 ---
97
(f)
Total 
number 
of 
original 
policyholders/insured persons:
[●]
(g)
Maturity 
date 
of 
the 
Underlyings:
Underlying
Maturity date
[●]
[●]
[In case this information is provided by a third party: The
information relating to [insert relevant Underlying] is sourced 
from [specify source].]
(h)
Information about the past and 
the further performance of the 
Underlyings and their volatility:
Underlying
Source of information
[●]
[Acatus Platform][●]
[Insert in case Underlyings relate to 6 – 15 Insurers:
Information on the insured persons:
Insured person under [insert relevant policy]:
(a)
Nationality:
[●]
(b)
Country of residence:
[●]
(c)
Age:
[●]
(d)
Life expectancy:
[●]]
[repeat for each insured person]
Information relating to the Insurers
[Insert in case Underlyings relate to 6 – 15 Insurers:
11
Name of the Insurer:
[Generali Deutschland
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Allianz 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] [Alte Leipziger Lebensversicherung 
auf Gegenseitigkeit][,] [Athora Lebensversicherung AG][,] [AXA 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[Barmenia 
Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] [Basler Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[Bayerische Beamten Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] [Bayern-
Versicherung 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[Concordia 
oeco 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[Condor-
Lebensversicherungs AG][,] [Continentale Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Cosmos
Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[Credit Life AG][,] [Debeka Lebensversicherungsverein auf 
Gegenseitigkeit][,] 
[Delta 
Direkt 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
München][,] [Deutsche Ärzteversicherung AG][,] [Deutsche 
Lebensversicherungs 
AG][,] 
[DEVK 
Allgemeine 
Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[DEVK 
Deutsche 
Eisenbahn Versicherung Lebensversicherungsverein a.G.][,] 
[Dialog 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[DIREKTE 
LEBEN
Versicherung AG][,] [Entis Lebensversicherung AG][,] [,] [ERGO 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [ERGO Vorsorge Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] [Europa Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Versicherung im 
Raum der Kirchen
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Frankfurt 
Münchener 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Frankfurter 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Proxalto Lebensversicherung AG][,] 
[Gothaer 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Hannoversche 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [HanseMerkur Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[HDI 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[Heidelberger 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[HELVETIA 
schweizerische Lebensversicherungsgesellschaft AG][,] [HUK-
Coburg-Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Ideal Lebensversicherung 
a.G.][,] 
[INTER 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[InterRisk

--- Page 98 ---
98
Lebensversicherungs AG Vienna Insurance Group][,] [Itzehoer 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Landeslebenshilfe 
V.V.a.G.][,] 
[Lebensversicherung von 
1871 
a.G. 
München][,] 
[LVM 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[Mecklenburgische 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[MÜNCHENER 
VEREIN 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [myLife Lebensversicherung AG][,] 
[Neue Bayerische Beamten Lebensversicherung AG][,] [neue 
leben 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Nürnberger 
Beamten 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [NÜRNBERGER Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] [Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Berlin Brandenburg 
AG][,] 
[Öffentliche 
Lebensversicherung 
Braunschweig][,] 
[Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Sachsen-Anhalt][,] [Öffentliche 
Lebensversicherungsanstalt 
Oldenburg][,] 
[PB 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [PLUS Lebensversicherungs AG][,] 
[Provinzial 
Lebensversicherung 
Hannover][,] 
[Provinzial 
NordWest Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Provinzial Rheinland 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [R + V Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] 
[R+V 
LEBENSVERSICHERUNG
AG][,] 
[RheinLand 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Saarland Lebensversicherung AG][,] 
[SIGNAL 
IDUNA 
Lebensversicherung 
a.G.][,] 
[Skandia 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Sparkassen-Versicherung Sachsen 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Stuttgarter Lebensversicherung 
a.G.][,] 
[Süddeutsche 
Lebensversicherung 
a.G.][,] 
[SV 
SparkassenVersicherung Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Swiss Life 
AG 
Niederlassung 
für 
Deutschland][,] 
[TARGO 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [uniVersa Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] 
[VEREINIGTE 
POSTVERSICHERUNG 
VVaG][,] 
[Victoria 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[VOLKSWOHL 
BUND 
Lebensversicherung 
a. 
G. 
(Versicherungsverein 
auf 
Gegenseitigkeit)][,] [VPV Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] [WGV-
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,]
[Württembergische 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [WWK Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] 
[Zurich 
Deutscher 
Herold 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft]]
[Insert in case Underlyings relate to more than 15 Insurers:
12
Description of the general 
characteristics of the Insurers:
Each Insurer is an insurance company in the form of [a mutual 
insurance company (Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit)][,] 
[stock company (Aktiengesellschaft)][,] [public agency or 
corporation (Anstalt oder Körperschaft öffentlichen Rechts)] [or] 
[other legal entity] incorporated and operating under the laws of 
the Federal Republic of Germany.
13
Description of the economic 
environment of the Insurers:
Each Insurer operates in the insurance business and offers 
insurance products. These products may include [life 
insurances][,] [health insurances][,] endowment policies, 
[pension and risk insurances][,] [occupational disability] [and] 
[accident insurances] or other insurance products. All products 
can be offered in the Federal Republic of Germany and/or 
abroad. The German insurance market is a diverse services 
market, in which all private and public insurance companies 
within the scope of the German Insurance Supervision Act 
(Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz) are controlled by BaFin. BaFin 
shares insurance supervision with the federal states (Länder), 
which control around a thousand regional insurance companies. 
The German insurance market is currently undergoing profound 
changes: The difficult financial market environment with its 
extremely low interest rates, the increasing digitalisation of the

--- Page 99 ---
99
economy and society, a changed and increasingly complex risk 
landscape and new regulatory requirements. German insurance 
companies are confronted with the task of adapting their 
business models, product and service offerings to these 
fundamental changes.
14
Global statistical data in 
relation to the Underlyings:
Maturity dates of the TEPs: [insert range of the maturity dates]
Quantity of TEPs: [[●] contributory] [and] [[●] non-contributory] 
TEPs
Life expectancy: [insert range of life expectancy] for [●] insured 
person[s] [repeat as necessary]
Age: [insert range of ages] for [●] insured person[s] [repeat as 
necessary]]
Operational Information
15
ISIN Number:
[●]
16
German Securities Identification No. 
(Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN)):
[●]
17
Clearing System:
[Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main][Clearstream 
Banking, S.A., Luxembourg][Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels][●]
18
Partial substitution of the summary
in relation to information set out in 
Art. 8 (3) (c) to (i) of Regulation (EU) 
1286/2014:
[Applicable] [Not applicable.]
Definitions
19
Business Centre:
[Frankfurt am Main] [●]
20
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual] [30/360]
21
Early Redemption Fixed Interest:
[●]
22
Issuing Agent:
[Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt, Neue 
Mainzer 
Straße 
46-50, 
60311 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Germany][Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg, 11, 
Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg]
23
Paying Agent:
[Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt, Neue 
Mainzer 
Straße 
46-50, 
60311 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Germany][Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg, 11, 
Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg]
24
Scheduled Maturity Date:
[●]
Conditions of the offer
25
Initial Surcharge:
[●] %
26
Offer Price:
EUR [●] [(Offer Price including Initial Surcharge)]
27
Net Offer Price:
EUR [●] [(Offer Price excluding Initial Surcharge)]
28
Offer Period:
[Subscription orders for the Notes may be made from [●] until 
[●] (the "Primary Market End Date")][The offer of the Notes 
starts on [●] and ends on [●] (the "Primary Market End Date")]. 
29
Description of the application 
process:
[Not applicable]
[First, the offering documents, including the Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus, will be shown on the Acatus Platform.
Second, the subscription start date is set and the investors will 
be informed about the subscription period.

--- Page 100 ---
100
Third, investors will receive a notification about the start of the 
subscription period.
Fourth, the subscription period has started and once 50% of the 
subscription threshold is reached the originator will be 
informed.
Fifth, the subscription period countdown is started and once the 
Note is fully subscribed (100%) investors will receive a 
notification on the Acatus Platform.
The subscription may be cancelled if (i) the Endowment Policy 
Trader informs the Issuer about a sale of a TEP, or (ii) a Note has 
not been fully subscribed as indicated above.][●]
30
Jurisdictions in which the Notes are 
offered:
[Luxembourg][,] [Germany][,] [Austria][,] [France]
31
Distributors:
[JFD Bank AG, having its registered office at Keplerstr. 6, 71636 
Ludwigsburg, Germany] [and]
[Acatus GmbH, having its registered office at Rosenstraße 17, 
10178 Berlin, Germany] 
[insert the identity, contact details and the legal entity identifier 
(LEI) in case of additional distributors]
32
Coordinators of the global offer or 
single parts of the offer and, to the 
extent known, the placers in the 
various countries where the offer 
takes place:
[insert name(s) and address(es)]
33
Underwriting:
[Not applicable][insert details on date of conclusion of any 
underwriting agreement]
34
Cancellation of the issuance of 
Notes:
[The Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the 
issuance of Notes]
[Notice of such cancellation will be made to investors through 
the Clearing System]
[The issuance of Notes is conditional, amongst other matters, on 
the Issuer receiving valid subscriptions for Notes amounting to 
an aggregate subscription value of at least [●] on or prior to the 
Primary Market End Date. In the event that this condition is not 
satisfied, the Issuer may cancel the issuance of the Notes as of 
the Primary Market End Date] [●]
35
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants:
[Not applicable] [The Issuer reserves the right for any reason to 
reduce the subscriptions made by the applicants and to refund 
any excess amount paid by the applicants via the Paying Agent] 
[●]
36
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Notes:
[Investors will be notified by [the Issuer][●] of their allocations 
of Notes and the settlement arrangements. The Notes will be 
issued on the Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the 
Offer Price.] [●]
37
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public:
Manner: [Clearing System] [Acatus Platform] [●]
Date:
[●]
38
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted:
[Clearing System] [Acatus Platform] [●]
39
Indication of the tranche being 
reserved for certain markets, if the 
offer is being made simultaneously in 
[●]

--- Page 101 ---
101
the markets of two or more 
countries:
40
Expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:
[●]
41
Details (names and addresses) of 
entities and underwriting 
commitment:
[●]
[Third Party Information
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any 
such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.]
Annex – Information on Series TEP
[Insert for each Insurer:
Information on Series TEP issued by [insert name of Insurer]
Death in act of war or civil 
commotions
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The payment of the death payment amount is 
excluded, if death occurs in connection with civil commotions [and the insured 
person participated actively therein].] [The payment of the death payment amount 
is limited to the respective surrender amount, if death occurs in an act of war
[abroad] [during an occupational stay abroad] [and the insured person participated
actively therein].]]
Death by suicide
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The payment of the death payment amount is limited 
to the respective surrender amount, if suicide is committed within 5 years of the 
conclusion of the contract, and if it is not committed in a state of pathological mental 
disturbance, which prevented the free exercise of will.]
Breach of pre-contractual 
duty of disclosure
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The breach of the pre-contractual duty of disclosure 
of risk-relevant circumstances grants the Insurer the right [to withdraw from the 
contract] [or] [to avoid the declaration of intent directed at conclusion of the 
contract based on deceit].] [Moreover, the Insurer has the right [to terminate the 
contract] [to amend the contract under conditions that would have applied in case 
of complete notification of the risk-relevant circumstances].]
Conditions for 
disbursement
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The payment of the death payment amount is
conditional upon the immediate notification of death and the timely provision of
the following documents: [insurance policy], [death certificate], [causes of death 
certificate], [other].] [The payment of the death payment amount is carried out [at 
the expense] [and] [at the risk] of the Issuer.]
Default of payment
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The default in payment of [the first payment of 
premium] [the single payment of premium] grants the Insurer the right [to withdraw 
from the contract] [to refuse the payment of the death payment amount].] [The 
default of payment of subsequent premiums reduces the death payment amount.]
Exemption from payment 
and termination
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The conversion of a contributory Series TEP into a 
non-contributory Series TEP affects the death payment amount adversely, because 
premiums paid in the early stages of the contractual period are set off against initial 
expenses.] [The early termination of the contract by the policyholder affects the 
surrender amount adversely, because premiums paid in the early stages of the 
contractual period are set off against initial expenses.]

--- Page 102 ---
102
Limitation period
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The exercise of the right to payment of the death 
payment amount is subject to a three-year limitation period.] [The exercise of the 
right to payment of the death payment amount is subject to a five-year limitation 
period.]
Modifiability of the terms 
and conditions
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The material terms and conditions of the Series TEP 
can be [declared invalid] [replaced with new regulations] by the Insurer due to 
[judicial decisions] [or] [administrative acts].] [The said modifiability depends on 
[the approval of the supervisory authority] [the approval of an independent 
trustee].]
]
Annex – Product Data
Series TEP / 
Identification 
number
Insurer
Death 
Payment 
Amount
Guaranteed 
Maturity 
Payment
Surrender 
Amount
Scheduled TEP 
Repayment 
Date
[●]
[●]
[●]
[●]
[●]
[●]
[repeat as necessary]
[insert in case of any contributory Series TEP:
Annex – Premium Payment Schedule
Series TEP / Identification number
Scheduled Premium Payment Date(s)
Premium(s)
[●]
[●]
[●]
[repeat as necessary]
]
[Insert in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 or Notes that are not offered to 
professional clients only:
APPENDIX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY
[insert issue specific summary]]

--- Page 103 ---
103
ANNEX I – INSURERS
The information included in the general description of the relevant Insurer below has been accurately reproduced 
from information published by the Insurer at the website of the respective Insurer. So far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by the Insurer no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
Insurer
General description
Generali Deutschland 
Lebensversicherung (formerly:
AachenMünchener 
Lebensversicherung AG)
Generali Deutschland Lebensversicherung AG (formerly: AachenMünchener 
Lebensversicherung AG) is a stock company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated 
and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered office at 
Adenauer Ring 7, 81737 Munich, Federal Republic of Germany. The principal 
activities of Generali Deutschland Lebensversicherung AG are as follows: 
(i) direct and indirect operation of all types of life insurance, including tontines 
and capitalizations, retirement plans and occupational disability insurance; 
(ii) insurance advisory and brokerage; (iii) brokerage of savings contracts, 
which are directly related to the insurance business.
Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG
Allianz 
Lebensversicherungs-AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Reinsburgstr. 19, 70178 Stuttgart, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG is a life insurance 
company in Germany. The company focuses on private and corporate 
retirement plans as well as the protection of biometric risks. The company 
operates its business mainly in Germany.
Alte Leipziger 
Lebensversicherung auf 
Gegenseitigkeit
Alte Leipziger Lebensversicherung auf Gegenseitigkeit is a mutual insurance 
company (Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and 
operating under the laws of Germany having its registered office at Alte 
Leipziger-Platz 1, 61440 Oberursel (Taunus), Federal Republic of Germany. Alte 
Leipziger Lebensversicherung auf Gegenseitigkeit offers different types of 
insurance products. The principal activities of the Insurer are as follows: 
(i) cash-value life insurance; (ii) pension insurance¸ (iii) equity-linked pension 
insurance; (iv) occupational disability insurance; (v) term life insurance; 
(vi) care pension insurance; (vii) capitalisation business; (viii) additional 
occupation disability insurance;(ix) additional risk insurance; (x) additional 
survivors pension insurance; (xi) additional orphans pension.
Athora Lebensversicherung AG
Athora 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Abraham-Lincoln-Park 1, 65189 Wiesbaden, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Athora Lebensversicherung AG is a life insurance 
company in Germany. The company is the portfolio insurer of Athora in 
Germany and specialises in the efficient management of insurance portfolios 
in the areas of life, disability and pensions. The company operates its business 
in Germany.
AXA Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft
AXA Lebensversicherung Aktiengesellschaft is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Colonia-Allee 10 – 20, 51067 Cologne, Federal 
Republic of Germany. The focus of AXA Lebensversicherung Aktiengesellschaft 
is on the German market. The insurance business covers all major branches of 
life insurance. AXA Lebensversicherung Aktiengesellschaft provides services in 
France, Portugal, Spain, Austria, Belgium, Denmark and the Netherlands. AXA 
Lebensversicherung AG sells its insurance products primarily through its own 
exclusive distribution, direct sales and independent distributors (broker and 
partner sales). It represents the sale and distribution of pension products and 
life insurance products in competition with other insurers, but also with banks,

--- Page 104 ---
104
investment companies, investment advisers and other financial institutions. 
AXA Lebensversicherung Aktiengesellschaft´s principal activities are as 
follows: (i) fond-based cash-value life and pension insurance; (ii) term life 
insurance; (iii) (additional) occupation disability insurance.
Barmenia Lebensversicherung 
a.G.
Barmenia Lebensversicherung a. G. is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Barmenia-Allee 1, 42119 
Wuppertal, Federal Republic of Germany. Barmenia Lebensversicherung a. G.
is a life insurance company doing life insurance business in Germany. 
Basler Lebensversicherungs-AG
Basler 
Lebensversicherungs-AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Ludwig-Erhard-Straße 22, 20459 Hamburg, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Basler Lebensversicherungs-AG offers private 
customers insurance products for risk protection and pensions. These include 
capital-preserving and fund-linked life and annuity insurance, Risk and 
occupational disability insurance. Sales of insurance products essentially takes 
place via the exclusive distributor, ZEUS, OVB and brokers. The operation of 
Basler Lebensversicherungs-AG is carried out at the Competence Center in 
Hamburg.
Bayerische Beamten 
Lebensversicherung a.G.
Bayerische Beamten Lebensversicherung a.G. is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Thomas-Dehler-Str. 25, 
81737 München, Federal Republic of Germany. Barmenia Lebensversicherung 
a. G. offers different types of insurance products. The principal activities of the 
Insurer include inter alia: (i) cash-value life insurance; (ii) pension insurance¸ 
(iii) occupational disability insurance; (iv) term life insurance; (v) care pension 
insurance; (vi) additional occupation disability insurance; (vii) additional risk 
insurance; (viii) additional risk insurance; (ix) additional orphans pension.
Bayern-Versicherung 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft
Bayern-Versicherung Lebensversicherung Aktiengesellschaft is a public limited 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of 
Germany having its registered office at Maximilianstraße 53, 80530 Munich, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Bayern-Versicherung Lebensversicherung AG 
offers solutions in the context of private, company and subsidized old-age 
provision. With flexible products, it covers life risks; customers can make 
financial provision for their age, protect themselves against occupational 
disability and provide for their survivors.
Concordia oeco 
Lebensversicherungs-AG
Concordia oeco Lebensversicherungs-AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Karl-Wiechert-Allee 55, 30625 Hannover, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Concordia oeco Lebensversicherungs-AG is the first 
ecological life insurer in Germany and a pioneer in the field of sustainable 
capital investment operating in the field of sustainable old-age provision.
Condor-Lebensversicherungs AG
Condor-Lebensversicherungs 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Admiralitätstraße 67, 20459 Hamburg, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Condor-Lebensversicherungs AG offers a flexible and 
diverse range of tariffs, with fund-linked products and occupational disability 
insurance.
Continentale 
Lebensversicherung AG
Continentale Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Baierbrunner Straße 31-33, 81379 München, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Continentale Lebensversicherung AG offers 
different types of insurance products. The principal activities of the Insurer are 
as follows: (i) occupational disability insurance; (ii) classical and fund-linked

--- Page 105 ---
105
pension insurance¸ (iii) classical and fund-linked basic pension¸ (iv) Riester 
pension, (v) risk insurance, (vi) funeral benefit insurance, (vii) endowment 
insurance (viii) occupational pension provision.
Cosmos Lebensversicherungs-
Aktiengesellschaft
Cosmos Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Halbergstraße 50-60, 66121 Saarbrücken, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Cosmos Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft 
offers a flexible and diverse range of tariffs in the areas of (i) life insurance with 
capital payment, (ii) pension and annuity insurance, (iii) supplementary 
insurance.
Credit Life AG
Credit Life AG is a public limited company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated 
and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered office at Rhein-
Landplatz 1, 41460 Neuss, Federal Republic of Germany. Credit Life AG offers 
a diverse range of tariffs in the areas of (i) individual capital insurances, (ii) 
individual annuity insurances, (iii) individual risk insurances, (iv) fund-linked 
life insurances, (v) payment protection insurances and (vi) additional 
insurances.
Debeka 
Lebensversicherungsverein auf 
Gegenseitigkeit
Debeka Lebensversicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit is a mutual insurance 
company (Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and 
operating under the laws of Germany having its registered office at Ferdinand-
Sauerbruch-Straße 18, 56073 Koblenz, Federal Republic of Germany. The 
object of Debeka Lebensversicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit is the direct 
and indirect operation of the life insurance in all its kinds and associated 
supplementary insurance. In addition, Debeka Lebensversicherungsverein auf 
Gegenseitigkeit may broker products of Debeka Bausparkasse AG (building 
society savings contracts, financing, time deposits) and other transactions 
directly related to the insurance business, as well as capitalization 
transactions. In the secondary business Debeka Lebensversicherungsverein 
auf Gegenseitigkeit takes over the insurance against fixed contributions up to 
a tenth of the premium income for non-members as well as co-insurance and 
reinsurance of the same kind for other insurance companies.
Delta Direkt Lebensversicherung 
AG München
Delta Direkt Lebensversicherung AG München is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Ottostraße 16, 80333 Munich, Federal Republic 
of Germany. Delta Direkt Lebensversicherung AG München offers tailor-made 
term life insurances and supplementary insurance.
Deutsche Ärzteversicherung AG
Deutsche 
Ärzteversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Colonia-Allee 10-20, 51067 Cologne, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Deutsche Ärzteversicherung AG offers tailor-made 
insurances for academic health professions in the areas of (i) life insurance 
with capital payment, (ii) pensions, (iii) self-employed occupational disability 
insurance.
Deutsche Lebensversicherungs 
AG
Deutsche 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Merlitzstrasse 8, 12489 Berlin, Federal Republic 
of Germany. Deutsche Lebensversicherungs AG exclusively focuses on the 
protection against biometric risks.
DEVK Allgemeine 
Lebensversicherungs-
Aktiengesellschaft
DEVK Allgemeine Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft is a public limited 
insurance company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the 
laws of Germany having its registered office at Riehler Straße 190, 50735 
Cologne, 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany. 
DEVK 
Allgemeine 
Lebensversicherungs-AG, according to its statutes, offers the direct and 
indirect operation of life insurance in all its types and associated

--- Page 106 ---
106
supplementary insurances. The types of life insurance operated by DEVK 
Allgemeine Lebensversicherungs-AG give every policyholder the possibility of 
arranging individual insurance cover according to their needs. DEVK 
Allgemeine Lebensversicherungs-AG operates exclusively in the domestic 
market.
DEVK Deutsche Eisenbahn 
Versicherung 
Lebensversicherungsverein a.G.
DEVK Deutsche Eisenbahn Versicherung Lebensversicherungsverein a.G. is a 
mutual insurance company (Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered 
office at Riehler Straße 190, 50735 Köln, Federal Republic of Germany. The 
object of DEVK Deutsche Eisenbahn Versicherung Lebensversicherungsverein 
a.G is the contracting of life insurances in all their forms and associated 
supplementary insurances. The members have the possibility to adapt the 
insurance to their individual needs.
Dialog Lebensversicherungs-AG
Dialog Lebensversicherungs-AG is a public limited insurance company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Stadtberger Straße 99, 86157 Augsburg, Federal 
Republic of Germany. According to § 3 of the Articles of Association, the object 
of Dialog Lebensversicherungs-AG is the direct and indirect operation of life 
insurance in all its forms. In addition, its business activities also include 
capitalization transactions and the management of utilities. Dialog 
Lebensversicherungs-AG may establish branches, acquire other life insurance 
portfolios and participate in other economic undertakings whose purpose is 
economically related to that of Dialog Lebensversicherungs-AG. It can act as 
insurance intermediary in all classes of insurance. The products are distributed 
mainly through brokers in Germany and Austria.
DIREKTE LEBEN Versicherung AG
DIREKTE LEBEN Versicherung AG is a public limited insurance company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Rotebühlstr. 120, 70197 Stuttgart, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Direkte Leben Versicherung AG acts as direct insurer 
within the Stuttgarter Versicherungsgruppe and focuses on (i) endowment 
insurances, (ii) risk insurances, (iii) annuity schemes, (iv) group life insurances 
and (v) occupational disability and disability insurances. 
Entis Lebensversicherung AG
Entis Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited insurance company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Augustanlage 65, 68165 Mannheim, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Entis Lebensversicherung is a portfolio company of the 
Viridium Group and the legal entity of all insurance contracts of the former 
protector portfolio. The object of Entis Lebensversicherung AG is the portfolio 
management in all aspects for the insured persons and the insurance 
intermediaries who supervise them.
ERGO Vorsorge Direkt 
Lebensversicherung AG
(formerly: ERGO Direkt 
Lebensversicherung AG)
ERGO Vorsorge Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at ERGO Platz 1, 40477 Düsseldorf, Federal Republic 
of Germany. Ergo Vorsorge Lebensversicherung AG focuses on (i) individual 
endowment insurances, (ii) individual pension insurances, (iii) unit-linked 
individual 
insurance policies, 
(iv) 
capitalisation 
products 
and (v) 
supplementary insurances.
ERGO Lebensversicherung AG
ERGO Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company (Aktiengesellschaft) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered 
office at Überseering 45, 22297 Hamburg, Federal Republic of Germany. Since 
2018 Ergo Lebensversicherung AG (formerly Hamburg-Mannheimer) has 
concentrated on managing its classic insurance portfolio consisting of all 
common forms of individual or collective life and annuity insurances and 
supplementary insurances but has essentially discontinued new business.

--- Page 107 ---
107
Europa Lebensversicherung AG
Europa 
Lebensversicherungs 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Piusstraße 137, 50931 Köln, Federal Republic of 
Germany. Europa Lebensversicherung AG operates in the following cases and 
types of insurance: (i) term life insurance; (ii) pension insurance; (iii) Unit-
linked insurance; (iv) occupational disability cover; (v) Company pension 
scheme; (vi) motor vehicle insurance; (vii) accident insurance; (viii) liability 
insurance; (ix) Household and glass insurance; (x) Residential building and 
glass insurance; (xi) travel health insurance.
Versicherer im Raum der 
Kirchen Lebensversicherung AG
Versicherer im Raum der Kirchen Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of 
Germany having its registered office at Doktorweg 2 – 4, 32756 Detmold, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Versicherer im Raum der Kirchen 
Lebensversicherung AG offers all common forms of life insurance mainly 
focusing on people working in the area of churches, social welfare 
organisations, Caritas and voluntary welfare work.
Frankfurt Münchener 
Lebensversicherung AG
Frankfurt Münchener Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Hollerithstraße 11, 81829 München, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Frankfurt Münchener Lebensversicherung AG is part of 
the Frankfurter Leben Group and manages Insurance products for risk 
protection and old-age provision such as: (i) classic life insurance policies; (ii) 
pension and risk insurance; (iii) unit-linked annuity insurance; (iv) 
supplementary occupational disability insurance.
Frankfurter Lebensversicherung 
AG
Frankfurter 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Am Weidenring 56, 61352 Bad Homburg v.d. 
Höhe, Federal Republic of Germany. Frankfurter Lebensversicherung AG 
administers the former portfolio of Basler Leben AG Direktion für Deutschland 
(Directorate for Germany). It is part of the Frankfurter Leben Group and 
manages Insurance products for risk protection and old-age provision such as: 
(i) classic life insurance policies; (ii) pension and risk insurance; (iii) unit-linked 
annuity insurance; (iv) supplementary occupational disability insurance.
Proxalto Lebensversicherung AG 
(formerly: Lebensversicherung 
AG)
Proxalto Lebensversicherung AG c/o Viridum Group GmbH & Co. KG (formerly: 
Generali 
Lebensversicherung 
AG)
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Adenauerring 7, 81737 Munich, Federal Republic 
of Germany. The Poxalto Lebensversicheung AG administers the former 
portfolio of Generali Lebensversicherung AG. It is part of the Viridum Group 
GmbH & Co.KG and manages Insurance products for risk protection and old-
age provision such as: (i) classic life insurance policies; (ii) pension and risk 
insurance; (iii) unit-linked annuity insurance; (iv) supplementary occupational
disability insurance.
Gothaer Lebensversicherung AG
Gothaer 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Arnoldiplatz 1, 50969 Cologne, Germany, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Gothaer Lebensversicherung AG offers all common 
forms of personal insurance in self-employed individual and group insurance 
business. The business of Gothaer Lebensversicherung AG is divided into the 
following business units: (i) business of life insurance (insurance with profit 
participation, index-linked and unit-linked insurance); (ii) business of health 
insurance. In the health insurance business, all products with disability 
benefits are pooled (for example, occupational disability insurance). Gothaer 
Lebensversicherung AG operates in Germany and Austria.

--- Page 108 ---
108
Hannoversche 
Lebensversicherung AG
Hannoversche Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at VHV-Platz 1, 30177 Hannover, Federal Republic 
of Germany. Hannoversche Lebensversicherung AG is involved in the following 
areas: (i) with-profits insurance, which manages the traditional endowment, 
term of life and annuity insurance products; (ii) health insurance; (iii) index-
linked and unit-linked insurance.
HanseMerkur 
Lebensversicherung AG
HanseMerkur Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Siegfried-Wedells-Platz 1 20354, Hamburg; 
Federal Republic of Germany. HanseMerkur Lebensversicherung AG offers 
demand-oriented products in the areas: (i) pension insurance; (ii) occupational 
disability insurance; (iii) term life insurance; (iv) death benefit insurance.
HDI Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft
HDI Lebensversicherung Aktiengesellschaft is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Charles-de-Gaulle-Platz 1, 50679 Cologne, 
Federal Republic of Germany. HDI Lebensversicherung AG is part of Talanx's 
private and corporate division in Germany, Cologne. HDI Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft 
also 
has 
a 
branch 
in 
Vienna, 
Austria. 
HDI 
Lebensversicherung Aktiengesellschaft offers products and comprehensive 
services in risk coverage and retirement provision. As an experienced and 
competent insurer, their offer covers a broad spectrum, ranging from the 
classic to the individually tailored care solution. These include unit-linked life 
insurance, annuity and risk insurance as well as occupational disability 
insurance.
Heidelberger 
Lebensversicherung AG
Heidelberger Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Im Breitspiel 2-4, 69126 Heidelberg; Federal 
Republic of Germany. Heidelberger Lebensversicherung AG provides 
insurances within the following divisions: (i) unit linked life insurance; (ii) unit 
linked pension insurance; (iii) unit linked basic pension; (iv) endowment 
insurance (including active reinsurance); (v) pension insurance; (vi) risk 
insurance; (vii) self employed occupational disability insurance; (viii) 
supplementary occupational disability insurance (including active reinsurance; 
(ix) state sponsored insurances in accordance with the AVmG; (x) conventional 
basic 
pension 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Retirement 
Income 
Act 
(Alterseinkünftegesetz).
HELVETIA schweizerische 
Lebensversicherungsgesellschaft 
AG
HELVETIA schweizerische Lebensversicherungsgesellschaft AG is a public 
limited company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the 
laws of Switzerland having its registered office at St. Alban-Anlage 26, CH-4002 
Basel; 
Swiss 
Confederation. 
HELVETIA 
schweizerische 
Lebensversicherungsgesellschaft AG provides insurances within the following 
divisions: (i) capital formation insurances; (ii) Individual pension insurances; 
(iii) Individual endowment insurance; (iv) group insurances; (v) Pension 
insurance according to the Retirement Assets Act (Altersvermögensgesetz); 
(vi) occupational disability insurances; (vii) Pension insurance according to the 
Retirement Income Act (Alterseinkünftegesetz); (viii) supplementary 
insurance.
HUK-Coburg-
Lebensversicherung AG
HUK-Coburg-Lebensversicherung AG is a stock company (Aktiengesellschaft) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered 
office at Bahnhofsplatz, 96450 Coburg, Federal Republic of Germany. HUK-
Coburg-Lebensversicherung AG provides insurances within the following 
divisions: (i) health insurances (occupational, invalidity and life insurance); 
(ii) with-profit insurances (all life insurance except occupational and invalidity

--- Page 109 ---
109
insurances and other than unit-linked insurances); (iii) index and unit-linked 
insurances.
Ideal Lebensversicherung a.G.
Ideal 
Lebensversicherung 
a.G. 
is 
a 
mutual 
insurance 
company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Kochstraße 26, 10969 
Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany. Ideal Lebensversicherung a.G. operates 
in the divisions: (i) occupational disability; (ii) funeral provision; (iii) 
endowment insurance, (iv) long-term care and pension insurance.
INTER Lebensversicherung AG
INTER Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company (Aktiengesellschaft) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered 
office at Erzbergstraße 9 – 15, 68165 Mannheim, Federal Republic of Germany. 
INTER Lebensversicherung AG offers insurances within the following divisions: 
(i) retirement provision; (ii) labour protection; (iii) care provision; (iv) death 
provision; (v) supplementary.
InterRisk Lebensversicherungs 
AG Vienna Insurance Group
InterRisk Lebensversicherungs AG Vienna Insurance Group is a public limited 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of 
Germany having its registered office at Carl-Bosch-Str. 5, 65203 Wiesbaden, 
Federal Republic of Germany. InterRisk Lebensversicherungs AG Vienna 
Insurance Group offers: (i) term life insurances; (ii) endowment insurances; (iii) 
life annuities; (iv) occupational disability insurances; Unit-linked pension 
insurance; (v) Accidental death supplementary insurances.
Itzehoer Lebensversicherung AG
Itzehoer 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Itzehoer Platz, 25521 Itzehoe, Federal Republic 
of Germany. Itzehoer Lebensversicherung AG offers: (i) endowment 
insurances; (ii) risk insurances; (iii) pension insurances; (iv) supplementary 
insurances.
Karlsruher Lebensversicherung 
AG (now: Württembergische 
Lebensversicherung AG)
Karlsruher Lebensversicherung AG was
a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Friedrich-Scholl-Platz, 76112 Karlsruhe, Federal 
Republic of Germany and merged with Württembergische Lebensversicherung 
AG in 2019.
Landeslebenshilfe V.V.a.G.
Landeslebenshilfe 
V.V.a.G. 
is 
a 
mutual 
insurance 
company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Uelzener Straße 120, 21335 
Lüneburg, Federal Republic of Germany. Landeslebenshilfe V.V.a.G. operates 
the self terminated life insurance business in the form of: (i) endowment 
insurance; (ii) risk insurance; (iii) life annuity insurance.
Lebensversicherung von 1871 
a.G. München
Lebensversicherung von 1871 a.G. München is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Maximilliansplatz 5, 80333 
Munich, Federal Republic of Germany. Lebensversicherung von 1871 a.G. 
München offers: (i) unit linked insurances; (ii) group insurances; (iii) and 
individual insurances in the following categories: (1) Capital-forming life 
insurance policies (with predominantly death character); (2) risk insurances; 
(3) pension insurances; (4) occupational disability insurances.
LVM Lebensversicherungs-AG
LVM Lebensversicherungs-AG is a public limited insurance company 
(Akiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Kolde-Ring 21, 48151 Münster, Federal Republic 
of Germany. The spatial business area extends almost exclusively to the 
Federal Republic of Germany. LVM-Leben operates exclusively the business of 
life insurance. In the reporting year 2017, LVM Lebensversicherungs-AG, as a 
primary insurer, operated life insurance in the form of capital and pension

--- Page 110 ---
110
insurance as well as unit-linked life and annuity insurance and occupational 
disability insurance, both in individual and collective business.
Mecklenburgische 
Lebensversicherungs-AG
Mecklenburgische Lebensversicherungs-AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Platz der Mecklenburgischen 1, 30625 Hannover, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Mecklenburgische Lebensversicherungs-AG 
offers insurances within the following divisions: (i) group insurances; (ii) 
pension insurances; (iii) life insurances; (iv) supplementary insurances
MÜNCHENER VEREIN 
Lebensversicherung AG
MÜNCHENER VEREIN Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Pettenkoferstraße 19, 80336 Munich, Federal 
Republic of Germany. MÜNCHENER VEREIN Lebensversicherung AG 
exclusively conducts its own insurance business in Germany. It provides 
insurances within the following divisions: (i) Large life insurance; (ii) Group 
insurance; (iii) term life insurance; (iv) supplementary insurance; (v) Capital 
formation insurance; (vi) Unit-linked insurance; (vii) Pension insurance; (viii) 
occupational disability insurance.
myLife Lebensversicherung AG
myLife Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited insurance company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Herzberger Landstraße 25, 37085 Göttingen, 
Federal Republic of Germany. myLife Lebensversicherung AG is licensed to 
operate life insurance directly and indirectly in all its forms and related 
supplementary insurance, life assurance policies and the operation of 
capitalization transactions. The permit is valid in Germany and other European 
countries such as Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Austria and Poland. myLife 
Lebensversicherung AG operates its own insurance business in the following 
classes and types of insurance: a) Life insurance: (i) term life insurance; 
(ii) capital life insurance; (iii) insurance under the capital formation laws; 
(iv) pension insurance; (v) residual debt insurance; (vi) self-employed 
occupational 
disability 
insurance; 
(vii) accident 
death 
insurance; 
(viii) occupational and disability insurance; (ix) retirement pension / survivors' 
pension supplement insurance; (x) disability insurance; b) Unit-linked life 
insurance; c) No reinsurance business was taken over.
Neue Bayerische Beamten 
Lebensversicherung AG
Neue Bayerische Beamten Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Thomas-Dehler-Str. 25, 81737 Munich; Federal 
Republic of Germany. Neue Bayerische Beamten Lebensversicherung AG 
provides insurances within the following divisions: (i) group insurances; (ii) 
supplementary insurances; (iii) individual insurances; (iv) Certificate-based life 
annuity insurance.
neue leben Lebensversicherung 
AG
neue leben Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited insurance company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Sachsenstraße 8, 20097 Hamburg, Federal 
Republic of Germany. neue leben Lebensversicherung AG operates in the areas 
of private and occupational pensions and the hedging of life risks in the 
German insurance market. neue leben Lebensversicherung AG operates the 
following business areas: (i) insurance with profit participation; (ii) fund-linked 
and index-linked insurance with options and guarantees; (iii) other life 
insurance policies with options and guarantees; (iv) active life reinsurance; 
(v) health insurance with options and guarantees; (vi) active reinsurance 
patients. The main business area is with with-profits insurance and unit-linked 
insurance with options and guarantees. The health insurance division includes 
in particular self-employed occupational disability insurance.

--- Page 111 ---
111
Nürnberger Beamten 
Lebensversicherung AG
Nürnberger Beamten Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Ostendstraße 100, 90334 Nuremberg, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Nürnberger Beamten Lebensversicherung AG is 
exclusively engaged in direct business and on the German market. The main 
business segments are: (i) health insurance (this includes in particular 
occupational disability insurance); (ii) insurance with profit participation; (iii) 
index-linked and unit-linked insurance.
NÜRNBERGER 
Lebensversicherung AG
NÜRNBERGER Lebensversicherung AG is a stock insurance company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Ostendstraße 100, 90334 Nürnberg, Federal 
Republic of Germany. NÜRNBERGER Lebensversicherung AG operates its life 
insurance business as a branch. It is active in the direct and reinsurance 
business. NÜRNBERGER Lebensversicherung AG´s business is focused on the 
German market. Its main business areas are the life insurance, health 
insurance (this includes in particular the occupational disability insurance), life 
insurance with profit participation and index-linked and unit-linked life 
insurance.
Öffentliche Lebensversicherung 
Berlin Brandenburg AG
Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Berlin Brandenburg AG is a public limited 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of 
Germany having its registered office at Am Karlsbad 4-5, 10785 Berlin, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Berlin Brandenburg AG 
offers (i) Capital-forming life insurance; (ii) risk insurance; (iii) (unit linked) 
pension insurance; (iv) Unit-linked life insurance; (v) (unit linked) Pension 
insurance according to the AltZertG; (vi) occupational disability insurance; (vii) 
disability insurance; (viii) Residual credit insurance; (ix) balance insurance; (x) 
supplementary insurance.
Öffentliche Lebensversicherung 
Braunschweig
Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Braunschweig is a legal entity under public law 
(rechtsfähige Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts) incorporated and operating 
under the laws of Germany having its registered office at Theodor-Heuss-
Straße 10, 38122 Braunschweig, Federal Republic of Germany. Öffentliche 
Lebensversicherung Braunschweig is a regional insurance company, whose 
business area is focused on the former duchy of Braunschweig. In its business 
area, Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Braunschweig operates all essential 
divisions of life insurance. Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Braunschweig 
offers: (i) (group) life insurances; (ii) endowment insurances; (iii) capital 
formation insurances; (iv) pension insurances; (v) supplementary insurances.
Öffentliche Lebensversicherung 
Sachsen-Anhalt
Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Sachsen-Anhalt is a legal entity under public 
law (rechtsfähige Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts) incorporated and operating 
under the laws of Germany having its registered office at Am Alten Theater 7,
39104 Magdeburg, Federal Republic of Germany. Its business area is limited to 
the federal state of Saxony-Anhalt. Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Sachsen-
Anhalt offers (i) individual insurances in the divisions: (1) Capital-forming life 
insurance; (2) term life insurance; (3) pension and annuity insurance; (4)
Pension insurance according to the AVmG; (5) Unit-linked life insurance; (6) 
Unit-linked pension insurance; (7) occupational disability insurance; (8) Other 
invalidity insurance; (ii) group insurances; (iii) supplementary insurances.
Öffentliche 
Lebensversicherungsanstalt 
Oldenburg
Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Oldenburg is a legal entity under public law 
(rechtsfähige Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts) incorporated and operating 
under the laws of Germany having its registered office at Staugraben 11, 26122 
Oldenburg, Federal Republic of Germany. Öffentliche Lebensversicherung 
Oldenburg offers: (i) individual insurances in the divisions: (1) term life 
insurance; (2) capital forming life insurance; (3) lifelong death insurance; (4) 
(unit linked) pension insurance; (5) Occupational disability insurance; (6) basic 
disability insurance; (7) Insurances according to the Retirement Provision Act

--- Page 112 ---
112
(Altersvorsorgegesetz); (ii) group insurances; (iii) supplementary insurances; 
(iv) brokerage.
PB Lebensversicherung AG
PB Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company (Aktiengesellschaft) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered 
office at Proactiv-Platz 1, 40721 Hilden, Federal Republic of Germany. PB 
Lebensversicherung AG offers: (i) Classical and unit-linked annuities; (ii) 
Immediately starting pension insurances; (iii) Death insurance; (iv) Risk and 
endowment life insurance; (v) Direct insurance; (vi) Credit life insurance.
PLUS Lebensversicherungs AG
PLUS Lebensversicherungs AG is a public limited company (Aktiengesellschaft) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered 
office at Rotebühlstraße 120, 70197 Stuttgart, Federal Republic of Germany. 
PLUS Lebensversicherungs AG operates in the following business areas: (i) 
endowment insurances; (ii) risk insurances; (iii) pension insurances; (iv) group 
life insurances; (v) Unit-linked endowment policies; (vi) Unit-linked pension 
insurance; (vii) Occupational disability and occupational disability insurances.
Provinzial Lebensversicherung 
Hannover
Provinzial 
Lebensversicherung 
Hannover 
is 
a 
stock 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Schiffgraben 4, 30159 Hannover, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Provinzial Lebensversicherung Hannover provides 
insurance solutions for the areas of old-age provision, survivor's pensions and 
services of general interest. In the old-age provision, products with long-term 
guarantees as well as capital market-related products are provided. Products 
for term life insurance and occupational disability insurance are the focus in 
the areas of survivors' and public services.
Provinzial NordWest 
Lebensversicherung AG
Provinzial NordWest Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited insurance 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of 
Germany having its registered office at Sophienblatt 33, 24114 Kiel, Federal 
Republic of Germany. The Provinzial NordWest Lebensversicherung AG 
operates in the region of Westfalen-Lippe as well as in districts of Schleswig-
Holstein, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Freie and Hansestadt Hamburg. The 
business activity of Provinzial NordWest Lebensversicherung AG extends on 
self-signed and in-house covered life insurance business. Provinzial NordWest 
Lebensversicherung AG offers the products of private and occupational 
pensions. In 
occupational 
pension 
provision, Provinzial 
NordWest 
Lebensversicherung AG offers all five implementation channels (direct 
insurance, support fund, direct commitments, pension funds and pension 
scheme). In the implementation channels pension fund and pension scheme 
Provinzial NordWest Lebensversicherung AG poses as country directorate for 
the S-PensionsManagement GmbH in Cologne.
Provinzial Rheinland 
Lebensversicherung AG
Provinzial Rheinland Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited insurance 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of 
Germany having its registered office at Provinzialplatz 1, 40591 Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of Germany. The Provinzial Rheinland Lebensversicherung AG 
operates mainly in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in the territory of the 
Rhineland Regional Council and in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in the 
former administrative districts of Koblenz and Trier, in the borders of 
December 31, 1966. The products of the Provinzial Rheinland Insurance Group 
are comprehensively integrated in the offer of the Savings Banks Finance 
Group. Sales through branches and savings banks leads to a strong competitive 
position.
R + V Lebensversicherung a.G.
R + V Lebensversicherung a.G. is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Wihlemstrasse 1, 65343
Eltville, Federal Republic of Germany. R + V Lebensversicherung a.G. operates

--- Page 113 ---
113
in the following business areas: (i) individual insurances with the 
subcategories: (1) capital forming life insurance; (2) pension insurance; (3) risk 
insurance; (ii) group insurance; (iii) supplementary insurance.
R+V LEBENSVERSICHERUNG AG
R+V 
LEBENSVERSICHERUNG
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Raiffeisenplatz 1, 65189 Wiesbaden, Federal 
Republic of Germany. R+V Lebensversicherung AG operates in the insurance 
business (with surplus participation), health insurance, (occupational disability 
insurance, index-linked and unit-linked insurance and other life insurances.
RheinLand Lebensversicherung 
AG
Rheinland 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at RheinLandplatz, 41460 Neuss, Federal Republic 
of Germany. Rheinland Lebensversicherung AG offers: (i) endowment 
insurances; (ii) risk insurances; (iii) pension insurances; (iv) Unit-linked life 
insurance; (v) group insurances; (vi) supplementary insurances.
Saarland Lebensversicherung 
AG
Saarland 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Mainzer Str. 32-34, 66111 Saarbrücken, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Saarland Lebensversicherung AG operates in the 
following business areas: (i) capitalisation business; (ii) Capital-forming life 
insurance; (iii) (unit linked) pension insurance; (iv) risk insurance; (v) 
supplementary insurance; (vi) Unit-linked life insurance; (vii) Pension 
insurance according to the AltZertG; (vii) occupational disability insurance; 
(viii) disability insurance; (ix) residual credit insurance.
SIGNAL IDUNA 
Lebensversicherung a.G.
SIGNAL IDUNA Lebensversicherung a.G. is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Joseph-Scherer-Str. 3 44139 
Dortmund/ Neue Rabenstr. 15-19, 20354 Hamburg, Federal Republic of 
Germany. SIGNAL IDUNA Lebensversicherung a.G. offers: (i) Capital-forming 
life insurance; (ii) risk insurance; (iii) pension insurance; (iv) pension contracts; 
(v) basic pension contracts; (vi) Pension insurance as a company pension 
scheme; (vii) occupational disability insurance; (viii) disability insurance; (ix) 
nursing pension insurance; (x) Unit-linked life and pension insurance; (xi) 
supplementary insurances.
Skandia Lebensversicherung AG
Skandia 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Kaiserin-Augusta-Allee 111, 10553 Berlin, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Skandia Lebensversicherung AG offers: (i) unit 
linked pension insurance; (ii) unit linked life insurance; (iii) unit linked basic 
pension; (iv) state sponsored insurances in accordance to the AVmG; (v) 
supplementary occupational disability insurance; (vi) Dread Disease main and 
supplementary insurance.
Sparkassen-Versicherung 
Sachsen Lebensversicherung AG
Sparkassen-Versicherung Sachsen Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of 
Germany having its registered office at An der Flutrinne 12, 01139 Dresden; 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany. 
Sparkassen-Versicherung 
Sachsen 
Lebensversicherung AG offers: (i) endowment insurance; (ii) capital formation 
insurance; (iii) risk insurance; (iv) Risk insurance with premium refund; (v) 
pension and annuity insurance; (vi) Pension insurance according to the 
(AVmG); (vii) occupational disability insurance; (viii) disability insurance; (ix) 
Unit-linked life insurance; (x) Unit-linked pension insurance; (xi) group 
insurances; (xii) supplementary insurances.
Stuttgarter Lebensversicherung 
a.G.
Stuttgarter Lebensversicherung a.G. is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under

--- Page 114 ---
114
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Rotebühlstraße 120, 70197 
Stuttgart, Federal Republic of Germany. The business area of Stuttgarter 
Lebensversicherung a.G. is Germany. It operates in the following business 
areas: (i) (unit linked) endowment insurances; (ii) risk insurances; (iii) (unit 
linked) pension insurances; (iv) group life insurances; (v) Occupational 
disability and occupational disability insurances; (vi) nursing pension 
insurances; (vii) Pension insurance with index participation.
Süddeutsche 
Lebensversicherung a.G.
Süddeutsche Lebensversicherung a.G. is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Raiffeisenplatz 5, 70736 
Fellbach, Federal Republic of Germany. Süddeutsche Lebensversicherung a.G. 
offers occupational disability insurance and risk insurance products. It 
operates mainly in the area of southern Germany.
SV SparkassenVersicherung 
Lebensversicherung AG
SV SparkassenVersicherung Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of 
Germany having its registered office at Löwentorstraße 65, 70376 Stuttgart, 
Federal Republic of Germany. SV SparkassenVersicherung Lebensversicherung 
AG operates on the market as life insurance company. Essentially it is a regional 
insurer who does business in Baden-Württemberg, Hesse, Thuringia and parts 
of Rhineland-Palatinate. The business district with approximately 20 million 
inhabitants is distributed via various distribution channels.
Swiss Life AG Niederlassung für 
Deutschland
Swiss Life AG Niederlassung für Deutschland is a public limited company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Zeppelinstraße 1, 85748 Garching near Munich, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Swiss Life AG Niederlassung für Deutschland 
offers: (i) pension insurance; (ii) nursing insurance; (iii) Independent labour 
force protection; (iv) supplementary insurance.
TARGO Lebensversicherung AG
TARGO
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
public 
limited 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Proactiv-Platz 1, 40721 Hilden, Federal Republic 
of Germany. Targo Lebensversicherung AG mainly focuses on life insurance 
and pension insurance products. 
uniVersa Lebensversicherung 
a.G.
uniVersa Lebensversicherung a.G. is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Sulzbacher Straße 1-7, 
90489 
Nuremberg, 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany. 
uniVersa 
Lebensversicherung a.G. offers: (i) endowment insurance; (ii) risk insurance; 
(iii) pension insurance; (iv) group insurance; (v) supplementary insurance.
VEREINIGTE 
POSTVERSICHERUNG VVaG
VEREINIGTE POSTVERSICHERUNG VVaG is a mutual insurance company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Mittlerer Pfad 19, 70499 
Stuttgart, Federal Republic of Germany. As part of a syndicate agreement 
between VEREINIGTE POSTVERSICHERUNG and VPV Lebensversicherungs-
Aktiengesellschaft VEREINIGTE POSTVERSICHERUNG VVaG offers Capital-
forming life insurance and risk insurances.
Victoria Lebensversicherung AG
Victoria Lebensversicherung AG is a stock company (Aktiengesellschaft) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered 
office at Victoriaplatz 1, 40198 Dusseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Victoria Lebensversicherung AG is a wholly owned subsidiary of ERGO Group 
AG. It manages all current forms of life and pension insurance in its portfolio: 
(i) classic, conventional products, such as endowment life insurance, term life 
insurance and annuity insurance; (ii) unit-linked products, including dynamic 
hybrid products (DHP) and hybrid fund products; (iii) other life insurances, 
which contains the expiring balance of the residual debt insurance; (iv) active

--- Page 115 ---
115
life reinsurance, which consists of several old contracts, each with a small 
scope; (v) health insurance, which includes self-employed disability insurance 
and self-employed care insurance.
VOLKSWOHL BUND 
Lebensversicherung a. G. 
VOLKSWOHL BUND Lebensversicherung a. G. (Versicherungsverein auf 
Gegenseitigkeit) is a mutual insurance company (Versicherungsverein auf 
Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Südwall 37- 41, 44137 Dortmund, Federal 
Republic of Germany. The business units of the VOLKSWOHL BUND 
Lebensversicherung a. G. (Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) includes 
both classic and unit-linked life and annuity insurance, disability insurance, life 
insurance policies, occupational pensions and state-subsidized retirement 
benefits.
VPV Lebensversicherungs-AG
VPV Lebensversicherungs-AG is a stock company (Aktiengesellschaft) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered 
office at Mittlerer Pfad 19, 70499 Stuttgart. In the self-terminated insurance 
business Stuttgart. VPV Lebensversicherungs-AG offers: (i) capital forming life 
insurance; (ii) risk insurance; (iii) pension insurance; (iv) independent 
occupational disability insurance; (v) residual credit insurances; (vi) other life 
insurances; (vii) group insurances; (ix) supplementary insurances. VPV 
Lebensversicherungs-AG operates in the following acquired insurance 
business: (i) group insurances; (ii) supplementary insurances.
WGV-Lebensversicherung AG
WGV-Lebensversicherung AG is a public limited company (Aktiengesellschaft) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany having its registered 
office at Tübinger Straße 55, 70178 Stuttgart, Federal Republic of Germany. In 
the area of self terminated insurance business WGV-Lebensversicherung AG 
offers: (i) life insurance; (ii) health insurance; (iii) accident insurance; (iv) 
liability insurance; (v) motor insurance; (vi) legal expenses insurance; (vii) Fire 
and property insurance; (viii) stand-by insurance; (ix) transport insurance; (x) 
Other insurances. As part of its reinsurance business Lebensversicherung AG 
operates in the following divisions: (i) accident insurance; (ii) liability 
insurance; (iii) Fire and property insurance; (iv) fidelity insurance.
Württembergische 
Lebensversicherung AG
Württembergische 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
is 
a 
stock 
company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of Germany 
having its registered office at Gutenbergstraße 30, 70176 Stuttgart, Federal 
Republic of Germany. Württembergische Lebensversicherung AG specializes in 
life insurance and old-age provision. Württembergische Lebensversicherung 
AG offers its customers a broad range of private and company pension 
products as well as risk protection. For private customers, these are life and 
pension insurance: (i) company pension scheme / deferred compensation; 
(ii) financing; (iii) term life insurance, funeral insurance, inheritance insurance, 
contemporary classic pension insurance, fund-linked pension insurance, the 
so called “riester” pension, basic pension, orphans pension, survivors pension 
and accident supplementary insurance, occupational disability insurance by 
independent insurance or as additional insurance. For corporate customers, 
these are all ways of implementing occupational pensions with the 
corresponding forms of pension products, occupational disability and death 
benefits.
WWK Lebensversicherung a.G.
WWK 
Lebensversicherung 
a.G. 
is 
a 
mutual 
insurance 
company 
(Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit) incorporated and operating under 
the laws of Germany having its registered office at Marsstr. 37,
80335 Munich. WWK Lebensversicherung a.G. mainly focuses on the following 
business areas: (i) life insurances; (ii) pension insurances; (iii) supplementary 
insurances.

--- Page 116 ---
116
Zurich Deutscher Herold 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft
Zurich Deutscher Herold Lebensversicherung Aktiengesellschaft is a stock 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated and operating under the laws of 
Germany having its registered office at Deutzer Allee 1, 50679 Cologne, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Zurich Deutscher Herold Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft has a focus on private and company pensions. The Zurich 
Deutscher Herold Lebensversicherung Aktiengesellschaft offers its customers 
a wide product range. These include unit-linked life insurance products in all 
three layers of old-age provision, occupational pension solutions and risk 
protection products (including occupational and disability insurance).

--- Page 117 ---
117
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT (EXEMPT NOTES)
[Insert in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only":
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the][each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s][s’] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s][s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Insert in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market":
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET –
Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); [insert in 
case of notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines"): and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] 
[insert in case of notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, 
for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and 
appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to 
retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 
25(3) of MiFID II: (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[‘s][s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[insert in case of 
advised sales:, subject to the Distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]
[Insert unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Not 
Applicable":
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 118 ---
118
Pricing Supplement
dated [●]
Acatus Securities S.A.
acting in respect of its Compartment [●]
Series [●] EUR [Aggregate Nominal Amount] Notes (together the "Notes")
under the Programme for the issuance of payment backed notes
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in the Base 
Prospectus dated 3 February 2021 ([as supplemented by a supplement dated [●]][repeat as necessary],] [together] 
a "Base Prospectus" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended the "Prospectus Regulation"), in 
respect of asset backed securities issued by the Issuer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and
copies of the Base Prospectus [and the supplements] may be obtained free of charge during normal business hours 
at the registered office of the Company at Acatus Securities S.A., 46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg.
Capitalised terms used in this Pricing Supplement, if not defined in this Pricing Supplement, have the meanings given
to them in the Base Prospectus. For the purposes of this Pricing Supplement references to "Final Terms" in the Base 
Prospectus are to be construed as references to this Pricing Supplement to the extent that such information is 
foreseen in this Pricing Supplement.
Distribution
The distribution or delivery of this document and the offer of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted
by law. Persons into whose possession this Pricing Supplement comes are required by the Issuer to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Details of selling restrictions for various jurisdictions are set 
out in section "Sales and Transfer Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus.
This Pricing Supplement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in a Member State of the European
Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State") will be made under an exemption in the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of such Notes. Accordingly, if you are making or intending to make an 
offer of Notes to which the Pricing Supplement relates, as amended or supplemented by the Base Prospectus in any 
Relevant State, you must only do so in circumstances where no obligation to publish a prospectus under Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation arises. The Issuer has not authorised and will not authorise any offer of Notes which 
would require the Issuer or any other entity to publish a prospectus in respect of such offer.
Information relating to the offer and the Series of Notes:
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Italicised text denotes directions for 
completing this Pricing Supplement.]
1
Issue Date:
[●]
2
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
EUR [●]
3
Specified Denomination:
EUR [●]
4
Governing law:
[Luxembourg law][German law]
5
Minimum and/or maximum
subscription amount:
[Minimum subscription amount: EUR [●] [and any multiple of 
EUR [●]]]
[Maximum subscription amount: EUR [●]]
6
Additional conflicts of interest:
[Not applicable] [●]
Information relating to the Underlyings
7
Product Offering:

--- Page 119 ---
119
(a)
Type of Notes:
[Non-contributory] [and] [Contributory] Notes [issued as 
[Preselected Single Obligor Notes] [Fixed Custom Portfolio 
Notes] [Flexible Custom Portfolio Notes]]
(b)
Insurance contract identification 
numbers:
[●]
(c)
Principal terms and conditions:
See below in Annex – Information on Series TEP
(d)
Details 
of 
any 
material 
relationship between the Issuer 
and the Insurers:
[specify] [Not applicable]
(e)
Weightings:
[Not applicable] [insert share of the basket as a percentage for 
each Underlying]
(f)
Total 
number 
of 
original 
policyholders/insured persons:
[●]
(g)
Maturity 
date 
of 
the 
Underlyings:
Underlying
Maturity date
[●]
[●]
[In case this information is provided by a third party: The
information relating to [insert relevant Underlying] is sourced 
from [specify source].]
(h)
Information about the past and 
the further performance of the 
Underlyings and their volatility:
Underlying
Source of information
[●]
[Acatus Platform][●]
Information relating to the Insurers
8
Name of the Insurer:
[Generali Deutschland
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Allianz 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] [Alte Leipziger Lebensversicherung 
auf Gegenseitigkeit][,] [Athora Lebensversicherung AG][,] [AXA 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[Barmenia 
Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] [Basler Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[Bayerische Beamten Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] [Bayern-
Versicherung 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[Concordia 
oeco 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[Condor-
Lebensversicherungs AG][,] [Continentale Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Cosmos
Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[Credit Life AG][,] [Debeka Lebensversicherungsverein auf 
Gegenseitigkeit][,] 
[Delta 
Direkt 
Lebensversicherung 
AG 
München][,] [Deutsche Ärzteversicherung AG][,] [Deutsche 
Lebensversicherungs 
AG][,] 
[DEVK 
Allgemeine 
Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[DEVK 
Deutsche 
Eisenbahn Versicherung Lebensversicherungsverein a.G.][,] 
[Dialog 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[DIREKTE 
LEBEN
Versicherung AG][,] [Entis Lebensversicherung AG][,] [,] [ERGO 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [ERGO Vorsorge Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] [Europa Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Versicherer im Raum 
der Kirchen Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Frankfurt Münchener 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Frankfurter Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Proxalto
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Gothaer 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Hannoversche Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[HanseMerkur 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[HDI 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft][,] 
[Heidelberger 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[HELVETIA 
schweizerische 
Lebensversicherungsgesellschaft 
AG][,] 
[HUK-Coburg-
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Ideal Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] 
[INTER 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[InterRisk

--- Page 120 ---
120
Lebensversicherungs AG Vienna Insurance Group][,] [Itzehoer 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Landeslebenshilfe 
V.V.a.G.][,] 
[Lebensversicherung von 
1871 
a.G. 
München][,] 
[LVM 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[Mecklenburgische 
Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] 
[MÜNCHENER 
VEREIN 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [myLife Lebensversicherung AG][,] 
[Neue Bayerische Beamten Lebensversicherung AG][,] [neue 
leben 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Nürnberger 
Beamten 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [NÜRNBERGER Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] [Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Berlin Brandenburg 
AG][,] 
[Öffentliche 
Lebensversicherung 
Braunschweig][,] 
[Öffentliche Lebensversicherung Sachsen-Anhalt][,] [Öffentliche 
Lebensversicherungsanstalt 
Oldenburg][,] 
[PB 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [PLUS Lebensversicherungs AG][,] 
[Provinzial 
Lebensversicherung 
Hannover][,] 
[Provinzial 
NordWest Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Provinzial Rheinland 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [R + V Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] 
[R+V 
LEBENSVERSICHERUNG
AG][,] 
[RheinLand 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Saarland Lebensversicherung AG][,] 
[SIGNAL 
IDUNA 
Lebensversicherung 
a.G.][,] 
[Skandia 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Sparkassen-Versicherung Sachsen 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Stuttgarter Lebensversicherung 
a.G.][,] 
[Süddeutsche 
Lebensversicherung 
a.G.][,] 
[SV 
SparkassenVersicherung Lebensversicherung AG][,] [Swiss Life 
AG 
Niederlassung 
für 
Deutschland][,] 
[TARGO
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [uniVersa Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] 
[VEREINIGTE 
POSTVERSICHERUNG 
VVaG][,] 
[Victoria 
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[VOLKSWOHL 
BUND 
Lebensversicherung 
a. 
G. 
(Versicherungsverein 
auf 
Gegenseitigkeit)][,] [VPV Lebensversicherungs-AG][,] [WGV-
Lebensversicherung 
AG][,] 
[Württembergische 
Lebensversicherung AG][,] [WWK Lebensversicherung a.G.][,] 
[Zurich 
Deutscher 
Herold 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft]] [insert legal name]
9
[Description of the economic 
environment of the Insurers:
Each Insurer operates in the insurance business and offers 
insurance products. These products may include [life 
insurances][,] [health insurances][,] endowment policies, 
[pension and risk insurances][,] [occupational disability] [and] 
[accident insurances] or other insurance products. All products 
can be offered in the Federal Republic of Germany and/or 
abroad. The German insurance market is a diverse services 
market, in which all private and public insurance companies 
within the scope of the German Insurance Supervision Act 
(Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz) are controlled by BaFin. BaFin 
shares insurance supervision with the federal states (Länder), 
which control around a thousand regional insurance companies. 
The German insurance market is currently undergoing profound 
changes: The difficult financial market environment with its 
extremely low interest rates, the increasing digitalisation of the 
economy and society, a changed and increasingly complex risk 
landscape and new regulatory requirements. German insurance 
companies are confronted with the task of adapting their 
business models, product and service offerings to these 
fundamental changes.][●]

--- Page 121 ---
121
Operational Information
10
ISIN Number:
[●]
11
German Securities Identification No. 
(Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN)):
[●]
12
Clearing System:
[Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main][Clearstream 
Banking, S.A., Luxembourg][Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels][●]
Definitions
13
Business Centre:
[Frankfurt am Main] [●]
14
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual] [30/360]
15
Early Redemption Fixed Interest:
[●]
16
Issuing Agent:
[Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt, Neue 
Mainzer 
Straße 
46-50, 
60311 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Germany][Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg, 11, 
Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg]
17
Paying Agent:
[Société Générale S.A. Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt, Neue 
Mainzer 
Straße 
46-50, 
60311 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Germany][Société Générale Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg, 11, 
Avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg]
18
Scheduled Maturity Date:
[●]
Conditions of the placement
19
Initial Surcharge:
[●] %
20
Offer Price:
EUR [●] [(Offer Price including Initial Surcharge)]
21
Net Offer Price:
EUR [●] [(Offer Price excluding Initial Surcharge)]
22
Subscription Period:
Subscription orders for the Notes may be made from [●] until 
[●]. 
23
Description of the application 
process:
[Not applicable]
[First, the offering documents, including the Pricing Supplement
and the Base Prospectus, will be shown on the Acatus Platform.
Second, the subscription start date is set and the investors will 
be informed about the subscription period.
Third, investors will receive a notification about the start of the 
subscription period.
Fourth, the subscription period has started and once 50% of the 
subscription threshold is reached the originator will be 
informed.
Fifth, the subscription period countdown is started and once the 
Note is fully subscribed (100%) investors will receive a 
notification on the Acatus Platform.
The subscription may be cancelled if (i) the Endowment Policy 
Trader informs the Issuer about a sale of a TEP, or (ii) a Note has 
not been fully subscribed as indicated above.][●]
24
Distributors:
[JFD Bank AG, having its registered office at Keplerstr. 6, 71636 
Ludwigsburg, Germany] [and]
[Acatus GmbH, having its registered office at Rosenstraße 17, 
10178 Berlin, Germany] 
[insert the identity, contact details and the legal entity identifier
(LEI) in case of additional distributors]

--- Page 122 ---
122
25
Cancellation of the issuance of 
Notes:
[The Issuer reserves the right for any reason to cancel the 
issuance of Notes.]
[Notice of such cancellation will be made to investors through 
the Clearing System.]
[The issuance of Notes is conditional, amongst other matters, on 
the Issuer receiving valid subscriptions for Notes amounting to 
an aggregate subscription value of at least [●] on or prior to the 
subscription end date. In the event that this condition is not 
satisfied, the Issuer may cancel the issuance of the Notes as of 
the subscription end date.] [●]
26
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants:
[Not applicable] [The Issuer reserves the right for any reason to 
reduce the subscriptions made by the applicants and to refund 
any excess amount paid by the applicants via the Paying Agent] 
[●]
27
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Notes:
[Investors will be notified by [the Issuer][●] of their allocations 
of Notes and the settlement arrangements. The Notes will be 
issued on the Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the 
Offer Price.] [●]
28
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public:
Manner: [Clearing System] [Acatus Platform] [●]
Date:
[●]
29
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted:
[Clearing System] [Acatus Platform] [●]
30
Expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:
[●]
[Third Party Information
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any 
such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.]
Annex – Information on Series TEP
[Insert for each Insurer:
Information on Series TEP issued by [insert name of Insurer]
Death in act of war or civil 
commotions
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The payment of the death payment amount is 
excluded, if death occurs in connection with civil commotions [and the insured 
person participated actively therein].] [The payment of the death payment 
amount is limited to the respective surrender amount, if death occurs in an act 
of war [abroad] [during an occupational stay abroad] [and the insured person 
participated actively therein].]] [●]
Death by suicide
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The payment of the death payment amount is 
limited to the respective surrender amount, if suicide is committed within 5 
years of the conclusion of the contract, and if it is not committed in a state of 
pathological mental disturbance, which prevented the free exercise of will.] 
Breach of pre-contractual 
duty of disclosure
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The breach of the pre-contractual duty of 
disclosure of risk-relevant circumstances grants the Insurer the right [to 
withdraw from the contract] [or] [to avoid the declaration of intent directed at 
conclusion of the contract based on deceit].] [Moreover, the Insurer has the right 
[to terminate the contract] [to amend the contract under conditions that would

--- Page 123 ---
123
have applied in case of complete notification of the risk-relevant 
circumstances].] [●]
Conditions for disbursement
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The payment of the death payment amount is
conditional upon the immediate notification of death and the timely provision 
of the following documents: [insurance policy], [death certificate], [causes of 
death certificate], [other].] [The payment of the death payment amount is
carried out [at the expense] [and] [at the risk] of the Issuer.] [●]
Default of payment
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The default in payment of [the first payment of
premium] [the single payment of premium] grants the Insurer the right [to 
withdraw from the contract] [to refuse the payment of the death payment 
amount].] [The default of payment of subsequent premiums reduces the death 
payment amount.] [●]
Exemption from payment 
and termination
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The conversion of a contributory Series TEP into 
a non-contributory Series TEP affects the death payment amount adversely, 
because premiums paid in the early stages of the contractual period are set off 
against initial expenses.] [The early termination of the contract by the 
policyholder affects the surrender amount adversely, because premiums paid in 
the early stages of the contractual period are set off against initial expenses.] [●]
Limitation period
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The exercise of the right to payment of the death 
payment amount is subject to a three-year limitation period.] [The exercise of 
the right to payment of the death payment amount is subject to a five-year 
limitation period.] [●]
Modifiability of the terms 
and conditions
[Not applicable.] [Applicable.] [The material terms and conditions of the Series 
TEP can be [declared invalid] [replaced with new regulations] by the Insurer due 
to [judicial decisions] [or] [administrative acts].] [The said modifiability depends 
on [the approval of the supervisory authority] [the approval of an independent 
trustee].] [●]
]
Annex – Product Data
Series TEP / 
Identification 
number
Insurer
Death 
Payment 
Amount
Guaranteed 
Maturity 
Payment
Surrender 
Amount
Scheduled TEP 
Repayment 
Date
[●]
[●]
[●]
[●]
[●]
[●]
[repeat as necessary]
[insert in case of any contributory Series TEP:
Annex – Premium Payment Schedule
Series TEP / Identification number
Scheduled Premium Payment Date(s)
Premium(s)
[●]
[●]
[●]
[repeat as necessary]
]