--- Page 1 ---
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Guaranteed by  
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Acciona 
Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may 
from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €3,000,000,000 
(or the equivalent in other currencies). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified below and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis 
(each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). Payments under the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Corporación 
Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A (the “Guarantor”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public 
in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” 
(and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The validity of this Base Prospectus shall expire on 20 July 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies, does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Each Tranche of Notes (as described below) will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” as completed 
by a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central 
Bank on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes). 
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors”. 
The Notes will be in bearer form. The Notes of each Tranche will be represented on issue by a temporary global note or a permanent global 
note (each a “Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note form, they will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are not issued in new global note form will be deposited on 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. See “Form of the 
Notes”.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Dealers 
Banca March 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Sabadell 
Bankinter 
Bestinver 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
CaixaBank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. Morgan 
ING 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
Santander 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 July 2021

--- Page 3 ---
iii
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Arranger or the Dealers accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger 
or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented, or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and other offering materials in relation to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may  include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance

--- Page 4 ---
iv
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Product classification pursuant to section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Notification 
under section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore” which will state the 
product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 
of Singapore) (the “SFA”). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification 
of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable Final 
Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) or the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) which are provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”), respectively. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmark Regulation”). As at the date of this

--- Page 5 ---
v
Base Prospectus, ICE (as administrator of LIBOR) is not included on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that 
ICE (as administrator of LIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Notes issued under the Programme will have the benefit of an English law governed deed of guarantee dated 
20 July 2021 (the “English Law Guarantee”) or a Spanish law governed guarantee dated 20 July 2021 (the 
“Spanish Law Guarantee”) (each a “Guarantee” and, together, the “Guarantees”). Payments under the Notes 
will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the English Law Guarantee 
unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are guaranteed pursuant to the Spanish Law Guarantee 
in which case the Notes will be guaranteed by the Spanish Law Guarantee and not by the English Law Guarantee. 
Second Party Opinion – In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, Acciona Group 
(as defined below) has requested a provider of second-party opinions to issue a Second-party Opinion (as 
defined in the Use of Proceeds section below. Such Second-party Opinion will be accessible on the Acciona 
Group’s website at: https://mediacdn.acciona.com/media/dlbiesyc/second-party-opinion_acciona-s-green-
financing-framework_november19.pdf#_ga=2.171452000.1188997803.1623850798-
1416570756.1623850798. However any information on, or accessible through, this website and the information 
in such opinion or report is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. In addition, no 
assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Acciona Group, the 
Acciona Energía Group, the Dealers or any other member of their group or the second party opinion provider 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion of any third party in connection 
with the offering of any Green Bonds under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or certification and any 
other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. See “Use of Proceeds” and “Description of the Guarantor – Sustainability – Green Financing 
Framework”. 
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger. 
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Spanish tax implications and procedures in connection 
with an investment in the Notes (see “Risk Factors – Risks relating to withholding – Risk in relation to Spanish 
taxation” and “Taxation – Taxation in Spain”). No comment is made or advise is given by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers in respect of taxation matters relating to the Notes. Investors must seek 
their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
vi
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in financing, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of 
loan facilities and/or securitization transactions) and other related transactions with, and may perform financial 
and non-financial activities and services for, the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order 
to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates, including parent companies, that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to them consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments.  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable final terms 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
INTERPRETATION 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “euro” refer to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended from time to time. 
In this Base Prospectus the words “Acciona Energía Group” refer to the Guarantor and its consolidated 
subsidiaries. 
In this Base Prospectus the word “Acciona” refers to Acciona, S.A. and the words “Acciona Group” refer to 
Acciona and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the companies of the Acciona Energía Group. 
As used in this Base Prospectus, the term “IFRS-EU” refers to the International Financial Reporting Standards 
as adopted by the European Union.

--- Page 7 ---
vii
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus (which reference includes any information incorporated by reference herein) includes 
alternative performance measures (as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority guidelines (the 
“ESMA Guidelines”) on Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”). 
The financial information presented in this Base Prospectus refers to EBITDA, which constitutes an APM for 
the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines. “EBITDA” is defined as profit for the year before income tax expenses, 
financial income and expense and allowances, impairment and other. See section 2.2 of the directors’ reports of 
the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 for a reconciliation of EBITDA to the relevant 
line items of the consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor (see “Documents incorporated by reference”). 
The management of the Guarantor uses EBITDA to track the performance and profitability of the group and its 
operating segments and technologies, as applicable, and to establish operational and strategic objectives. It is 
also a measure that is widely used by investors in appraising companies’ performance. 
Certain additional APMs are used in, and defined by, the directors’ reports of the Guarantor for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, both of which are incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus (see “Documents incorporated by reference”). 
Investors should note that not all companies calculate financial measures, such as the APMs presented by the 
Acciona Energía Group in this Base Prospectus, in the same manner and, as a result, these are not always 
directly comparable to performance metrics used by other companies. Additionally, the APMs presented by the 
Acciona Energía Group in this Base Prospectus are unaudited and have not been defined or prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU or any other accounting standards. Accordingly, these financial measures should not 
be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS-EU. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Acciona Energía Group’s intentions, 
beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Acciona Energía Group’s future results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends, future 
developments and the markets the Acciona Energía Group serves or intends to serve. The Acciona Energía 
Group has tried to identify these and other forward-looking statements by using the words “may”, “could”, 
“will”, “would”, “should”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “project”, “future”, “potential”, 
“believe”, “seek”, “plan”, “aim”, “objective”, “goal”, “strategy”, “target”, “continue”, and similar expressions 
or their negatives. Forward-looking statements may be found in “Risk Factors” and “Description of the 
Guarantor”, in the directors’ reports for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions and 
other factors that could cause the Acciona Energía Group’s actual results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans or opportunities, as well as those of the 
markets the Acciona Energía Group serves or intends to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or 
suggested by, these forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by any applicable securities laws 
and regulations and by any applicable stock exchange regulations, the Acciona Energía Group undertakes no 
obligation to update publicly or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new

--- Page 8 ---
viii
information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Given the uncertainty inherent in forward-looking statements, prospective investors are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on these statements.

--- Page 9 ---
ix
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................25 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................31 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................60 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM .....................71 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................73 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................74 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ........................................................................................................75 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................................91 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..........................................................................................................................99 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................105

--- Page 10 ---
1
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms. Capitalised terms which are defined in “Form of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
have the same meaning when used in this overview. References to numbered Conditions are to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) as set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.
Issuer 
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal 
Issuer legal entity identifier 
254900CO48EPLIMJDK17 
Guarantor 
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A. 
Guarantor legal entity 
identifier 
254900UPX0OEHTKB9Y44
Risk Factors 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
See “Risk Factors”. 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. 
Arranger
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Dealers 
Banca March, S.A., Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco de 
Sabadell, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bankinter, S.A., Bestinver 
Sociedad de Valores, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. 
Morgan AG, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V., 
UniCredit Bank AG and Société Générale. The Issuer may from time to 
time terminate the appointment of any Dealer or appoint new Dealers, 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.
Irish Listing Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Dublin Branch. 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) issued on different issue dates. 
The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms. The specific terms of each Tranche 
will be completed in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of the Notes 
Notes will be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially 
be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global

--- Page 11 ---
2
Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global 
Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
“Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New 
Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. 
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons.  
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
Currencies 
Any currency, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulations. 
Maturity 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulations. 
Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms save that (i) in the case of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to 
the public in an EEA State in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series (a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an

--- Page 12 ---
3
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or (b) by 
reference to LIBOR or EURIBOR, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin. Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or 
be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders. 
Change of Control 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the holders upon the occurrence of a Change of Control as 
further described in Condition 6(f) (Redemption or purchase at the 
option of Noteholders following a Change of Control (Change of 
Control Put Option). 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and 
the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future. 
Guarantees 
Payments under the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the English Law Guarantee 
unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are guaranteed 
pursuant to the Spanish Law Guarantee in which case the Notes will be 
guaranteed by the Spanish Law Guarantee and not by the English Law 
Guarantee. 
Status of the Guarantees 
The Guarantees constitute (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. The payment obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantees shall, save for such exceptions as may 
be provided by applicable legislation and (subject to Condition 4

--- Page 13 ---
4
(Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of the Guarantor, present and future. 
Negative Pledge 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge, as described in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross default 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default provision, as described 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Tax redemption 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole but not in part, 
at their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the 
date of redemption if the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
certain tax laws and regulations and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the issuer taking reasonable measures to it. See Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
Withholding tax 
The payment of interest and other amounts in respect of the Notes will be 
made free of withholding taxes in Spain, unless such taxes are required 
by law to be withheld. In such case the Issuer will pay additional amounts 
as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the 
Noteholder after such deduction or withholding shall equal the respective 
amounts which would have been receivable by such Noteholder in the 
absence of such deduction or withholding; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in certain circumstances set out in the 
Conditions. See Condition 8 (Taxation).  
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1145/2011, it is not 
obliged to withhold any tax amount provided that the simplified 
information procedures (which do not require identification of the 
Noteholders) are complied with by the Fiscal Agent, as described in 
“Taxation – Taxation in Spain – Disclosure obligations in connection with 
payments on the Notes”.  
In the event that the currently applicable procedures are, after the date of 
this Base Prospectus, modified, amended or supplemented by any Spanish 
law or regulation, or any ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección 
General de Tributos), the Issuer will inform the Noteholders of any such 
change in the information procedures and of any implications such 
changes may have for the Noteholders. In particular, there can be no 
assurance that the Issuer will not be required to apply withholding tax on 
interest payments under the Notes as a result of any such changes in the 
information procedures. In such event, the Issuer would not pay any 
additional amounts.  
For further information, see “Risk Factors – Risks in relation to Spanish 
taxation ”, Condition 8 (Taxation) and “Taxation – Taxation in Spain – 
Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes”.  
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the English Law 
Guarantee and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. The Spanish Law Guarantee and any non-

--- Page 14 ---
5
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law. The status of the Notes 
and the Guarantees as described in Condition 3 (Status) is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
The Courts of England will have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes or the English Law 
Guarantee. The Spanish Courts will have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Spanish Law 
Guarantee.
Listing 
Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. The applicable Final Terms will 
state the stock exchanges or markets on which the relevant Notes are to 
be listed or admitted to trading. 
Ratings 
Not rated. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States, EEA, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Japan, Kingdom of 
Spain, Republic of Italy and Singapore. See “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 15 ---
6
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the 
business of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industry in which they operate together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words 
and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes but are the material risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be the most 
relevant to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. Additional 
risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor, or that they currently deem immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of 
their investment. Prospective investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Instruments is 
suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein) and their personal circumstances.  
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Guarantor and to the Acciona Energía Group, including the 
Issuer. 
The Acciona Energía Group is affected by a series of risk factors that affect exclusively the Acciona Energía 
Group, as well as a series of external factors that are common to businesses of the same sector. The main risks 
and uncertainties faced by the Acciona Energía Group, which could affect its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or cash flows are set out below and must be considered jointly with the information 
set out in the consolidated annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and the unaudited 
condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Guarantor for the three month period ended 31 
March 2021. 
These risks are currently considered by the Issuer and the Guarantor to be specific to the Acciona Energía 
Group and material for taking an informed investment decision in respect of the Notes. However, the Acciona 
Energía Group is subject to other risks that have not been included in this section based on the Acciona Energía 
Group's assessment of their probability of occurrence and the potential magnitude of their impact. 
Risks in relation to the business of Acciona Energía Group  
Successful implementation of Acciona Energía Group’s growth plan 
The Acciona Energía Group seeks to increase its energy sales in the future as it develops its pipeline. The 
Acciona Energía Group plans to increase its total installed capacity from approximately 11.0GW as of 31 March 
2021 to 20GW by the end of 2025, mostly from Spain and other international markets, particularly, the United 
States, Australia and South Africa.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Acciona Energía Group’s pipeline consists of under construction and 
secured projects (projects that are under construction or for which construction is expected to commence in 
2021 or 2022) and  a mature pipeline comprised of (a) highly visible projects (projects for which land and grid 
access have been secured or are close to being secured, and discussions for offtake solutions are in advanced 
stage and/or there is visibility on award mechanisms) and (b) advanced development projects (projects for 
which land or grid access has not yet been secured but which such milestone is close to being secured). In 
addition, the Acciona Energía Group has identified additional opportunities and is also exploring new

--- Page 16 ---
7
technologies. The Acciona Energía Group expects its pipeline to be executed gradually, increasing the speed of 
growth progressively. 
There can be no assurance that the Acciona Energía Group’s pipeline and growth plan will be realised or, if 
realised, will be profitable. Projects may be terminated or suspended and a project’s scope and schedule may 
change. Material delays, cancellations or payment defaults, whether or not resulting from force majeure events 
such as adverse weather conditions and other events beyond the Acciona Energía Group’s control, could 
materially and adversely affect the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
As a result of the above, the Acciona Energía Group may not be able to successfully implement its growth plan 
within the expected timeframe or at all. Even if a project proceeds as expected, the relevant customer (for 
example, a counterparty under a power purchase agreement (“PPA”)) may still default and fail to pay amounts 
owed to the Acciona Energía Group or applicable tariffs and remuneration may be reduced as a result of 
unfavourable policy changes in the countries where the Acciona Energía Group operates. Moreover, any 
operational efficiencies or increased profitability that the Acciona Energía Group expects to realise may differ 
materially from its expectations, and any synergies, cost savings or productivity enhancements that the Acciona 
Energía Group realizes may be offset, in whole or in part, by reductions in turnover or through increases in 
expenses. 
Implementing the Acciona Energía Group’s growth plan may be more expensive, time consuming and resource 
intensive than anticipated and it may put considerable strain on its internal processes and capabilities. If the 
Acciona Energía Group is unable to manage these changes effectively, it may not be able to take advantage of 
market opportunities, execute its business strategy successfully or respond to competitive pressures. As a result, 
the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be 
materially and adversely affected. 
The Acciona Energía Group has incurred material indebtedness and will incur substantial additional 
indebtedness in the future 
The Acciona Energía Group’s industry is capital intensive and it needs to make significant investments to 
develop, construct and subsequently operate its projects. In this context, the Acciona Energía Group expects the 
target growth of its total installed capacity to 20GW by the end of 2025 to imply a total investment of 
approximately €7.8 billion between 2021 and 2025. 
In the near future, the Acciona Energía Group intends to fund its projects through internal cashflow generation 
and incremental indebtedness, and to a lesser extent, by contributions from non-controlling interests. 
Incremental indebtedness will be primarily in the form of corporate debt incurred by the Issuer with the 
guarantee of the Guarantor in the banking and capital markets and on-lent by it to the Acciona Energía Group’s 
project companies, although non-recourse project level debt may be appropriate for certain projects due to their 
size, currency denomination, geography or existence of partners, among other considerations. 
The Acciona Energía Group’s ability to obtain additional financing, or to do it in acceptable terms, is dependent 
on numerous factors, including (i) general economic outlook and capital markets conditions; (ii) credit 
availability from banks and other financial institutions; and (iii) the Acciona Energía Group’s financial 
performance. The Acciona Energía Group’s failure to enter into new or replacement financing agreements or to 
obtain additional indebtedness may have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The Acciona Energía Group’s current and future level of indebtedness may affect its business and financial 
condition and, in particular: (i) the Acciona Energía Group may be required to devote a significant portion of 
its cash flows to repay its debt, and therefore not be able to use such resources for other purposes, including the

--- Page 17 ---
8
funding of new projects; (ii) the Acciona Energía Group may become more vulnerable to adverse economic and 
market conditions, (iii) the Acciona Energía Group may become less flexible to react to industry changes; (iv) 
the Acciona Energía Group may be unable to make strategic acquisitions or undertake other corporate 
transactions; or (v) the Acciona Energía Group may be unable to obtain additional indebtedness, or its ability 
to do so on favourable terms may be limited. 
Additionally, the Acciona Energía Group can give no assurance that it will be able to continue to secure 
financing on acceptable terms, or at all, in the future. Financial markets can be subject to periods of volatility 
and shortages of liquidity, the frequency and intensity of which may be exacerbated due to the effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. If the Acciona Energía Group is unable to access capital markets or obtain other sources 
of finance at competitive rates, or at all, for a prolonged period, the Acciona Energía Group’s cost of financing 
may increase, its ability to fund its operations may be significantly impaired and its strategy may need to be 
reassessed (including with regards to its pipeline), which could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona 
Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition to obtaining new funding, the Acciona Energía Group may seek to refinance its existing debt. The 
Acciona Energía Group can give no assurance of the availability of financing on acceptable terms to refinance 
its existing indebtedness. If new financing is not available or proves more expensive than in the past, the 
Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially 
adversely affected. 
A deterioration in economic conditions worldwide and, particularly, in Spain, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects 
The Acciona Energía Group’s business is influenced by the economic conditions worldwide and particularly in 
Spain and other countries where it operates, including, among others, the United States, Australia, Mexico, 
Chile, South Africa, Egypt, Italy, Portugal and Canada. Normally, robust economic growth in those areas where 
the Acciona Energía Group is located results in greater demand for electricity, while slow economic growth or 
economic contraction have an adverse impact on its demand.  
Spain, which accounted for 50.1% and 56.4% of the Acciona Energía Group’s turnover for the three months 
ended 31 March 2021 and the year ended 31 December 2020 respectively, has made progress in recent years to 
control the public deficit and correct the country’s economic imbalances and growth resumed supported by 
external demand as well as higher domestic demand, reflecting improved financial conditions and rising 
confidence. However, the crisis derived from the outbreak of the highly-infectious novel coronavirus 
(“COVID-19”) pandemic has abruptly and significantly deteriorated economic conditions worldwide, 
including in Spain, United States, Poland and Mexico. For example, in 2020, the Spanish gross domestic 
product registered an estimated contraction of 11.1% (2% increase in 2019) (source: International Monetary 
Fund, World economic outlook update, January 2021). A reduction in production levels in Spain resulted in 
lessened energy demand, which impacted, although not significantly, the results of the Acciona Energía Group.  
The Spanish economy is particularly sensitive to economic conditions in the Eurozone, the main market for 
Spanish goods and services exports. Any decline in the European economic activity could have an adverse 
effect on Spanish economic growth, which in turn could adversely affect demand for electricity. The Spanish 
economy may also be affected by an increase of political uncertainty in Spain, including any resurgence of 
political and social tensions in Catalonia, which could result in volatile capital markets or otherwise adversely 
affect financing conditions in Spain or the environment in which the Acciona Energía Group operates, and other 
external factors such as the geopolitical uncertainty originated by, among other factors, the exit of the United 
Kingdom from the European Union, the international trade tensions between the U.S. and China or the volatility

--- Page 18 ---
9
in commodity prices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Difficulties in connecting to distribution or transmission grids, a lack of transmission capacity or 
potential upgrade costs to the transmission grid could significantly impact the Acciona Energía 
Group’s ability to build its projects and to sell the electricity that the Acciona Energía Group 
generates 
In order to sell the electricity generated by the Acciona Energía Group’s projects, the Acciona Energía Group 
must connect them to the public distribution grid and, to a lesser extent, the electrical transmission grid. 
Connection difficulties may affect both the Acciona Energía Group’s pipeline and its operating projects. 
In connection with the Acciona Energía Group’s pipeline, the Acciona Energía Group’s ability to build a project 
at a given location depends significantly on its ability to connect the project to the distribution and/or 
transmission grids. Successful connection to the grid depends on several factors, which vary from one country 
to another. These factors include, among others, the scope of the transmission infrastructure construction and 
the reliability and presence of local transmission infrastructure. Because the sites suitable for the Acciona 
Energía Group’s projects are in certain cases located far from the nearest distribution and/or transmission grids, 
the Acciona Energía Group can give no assurance that it will obtain adequate grid connections within the 
expected time periods and at the expected cost for the Acciona Energía Group’s project pipeline. Additionally, 
certain governmental authorities, such as is the case in Australia and South Africa, request operators to comply 
with increasingly stringent technical requirements that may make it more difficult for the Acciona Energía 
Group to connect its projects to the distribution or transmission grids.  
The Acciona Energía Group’s operating projects and its pipeline may be affected by a lack of available capacity 
in the grid, due to congestion, overproduction by connected facilities or excessive fluctuations in electricity 
market prices that could substantially impact the Acciona Energía Group’s projects and cause reductions in 
plant size, delays in project implementation, increases in costs from transmission upgrades and potential 
forfeitures of any guarantees the Acciona Energía Group has provided. 
Such a lack of capacity could also cause the grid manager to request the Acciona Energía Group to reduce its 
supply to the grid to below the Acciona Energía Group’s regular production capacities (known as grid 
curtailment). Such grid curtailment requests automatically result in a loss of turnover generated by the affected 
projects and a reduction in their profitability. 
Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Acciona Energía Group’s PPAs may expose it to certain risks which may affect the Acciona 
Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects  
The Acciona Energía Group’s projects often sell electricity under long term PPAs with counterparties, including 
government actors, state-owned and non-state owned utilities and corporate offtakers. For example, in the three 
months ended 31 March 2021 and the year ended 31 December 2020, 30% and 34% of the Acciona Energía 
Group’s consolidated production was sold under PPAs, respectively, compared to 30% in the year ended 31 
December 2019.  
Under the Acciona Energía Group’s PPAs, the Acciona Energía Group sells power generated from its projects 
to the offtaker at a pre-determined price even where there is no physical delivery of energy to the customer,

--- Page 19 ---
10
such as under the Acciona Energía Group’s virtual (or financial) PPAs. Certain of the Acciona Energía Group’s 
PPAs are not subject to price revisions and accordingly, if there is an industry-wide increase in prices, the 
Acciona Energía Group may not be able to renegotiate the terms of the PPAs to take advantage of the increased 
prices or may incur in losses under the Acciona Energía Group’s virtual (or financial) PPAs. In addition, 
aggressive bids by competitors in the tenders in which the Acciona Energía Group participates may put 
downward pressure on the average sale price of the Acciona Energía Group’s PPAs and may make it more 
difficult for the Acciona Energía Group to submit winning bids at prices that ensure targeted or sufficient returns.  
In the event the Acciona Energía Group defaults in fulfilling its obligations under its PPAs, such as failing to 
supply the minimum amount of power specified in any such agreement, the Acciona Energía Group may be 
liable for penalties and in certain specified events, customers may decide to terminate such PPAs. Further, any 
failure to supply power from the scheduled commissioning date may result in a requirement to pay liquidated 
damages.  
The Acciona Energía Group’s PPAs may be terminated by the relevant counterparty, subject to the payment of 
penalties, under certain circumstances, including material delays in reaching the commercial operation date, 
lack of achievement of contracted energy volumes, unavailability of guarantees, changes in legislation not 
subject to mitigation measures by the relevant parties, extended force majeure events or certain rating 
downgrades. The termination of significant PPAs as a result of such termination, particularly with respect to the 
Acciona Energía Group’s larger power generating assets, could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona 
Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The financial performance of the Acciona Energía Group’s projects is dependent on the credit quality of, and 
continued performance of contractual obligations by, the Acciona Energía Group’s PPA counterparties. PPA 
counterparties may purchase less than the maximum amounts of energy committed with the Acciona Energía 
Group, which may affect the Acciona Energía Group’s expectations and may trigger an event of default. Further, 
the failure of PPA counterparties to fulfil their contractual obligations to the Acciona Energía Group, whether 
due to insolvency or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, under the Acciona Energía Group’s PPAs, 
the Acciona Energía Group’s remedies in case of delays in payment by its customers may be limited. Even in 
those cases when the Acciona Energía Group obtains guarantees, it may not be able to fully limit exposure to 
counterparties and the resulting credit risk. Counterparty credit risk can increase when global or regional 
economies are experiencing periods of volatility, such as during the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The maintenance, refurbishment and dismantling of the Acciona Energía Group’s projects involve 
significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages, reduced output and unanticipated 
investments  
The operation of the Acciona Energía Group’s projects involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of 
equipment or processes or performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. Periodically, the Acciona 
Energía Group experiences failures or interruptions in the operation of its turbines or substations or other 
material components of its projects. Such failures and performance issues can stem from a number of factors, 
including human error, intentional damage, power outages, fires, lack of maintenance, general wear over time 
and other unexpected events. Unplanned outages of generating units, including extensions of scheduled outages 
due to mechanical failures or other problems relating to the Acciona Energía Group’s operational projects may 
also occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the Acciona Energía Group’s business. For example, 
operational performance of the Acciona Energía Group’s wind farms may be affected by, among other factors, 
failures and breakdowns of components such as turbines, substations, export cables and array cables, and the

--- Page 20 ---
11
time required to repair such failures and breakdowns, which may be affected by weather conditions and the 
availability of skilled personnel, vessels and spare parts. The occurrence of any of the above could cause 
turbines to be de-energized for a period of time that in certain circumstances may last several weeks or even 
months or years in the case of infrastructure with long lead times to replace or repair, such as with export cables 
or substations. 
Unplanned outages at the Acciona Energía Group’s projects typically increase its operation and maintenance 
(“O&M”) expenses, which may not be recoverable under the relevant PPA and may reduce the Acciona Energía 
Group’s turnover as a result of selling reduced amounts of electricity or require the Acciona Energía Group to 
incur significant costs, or could even lead to a default under a PPA that could result in its termination. In addition, 
critical equipment or parts may not always be readily available when needed, which may introduce significant 
downtime and delay in resuming facility operation and resulting lost turnover may not be fully compensated by 
O&M contracts’ penalty clauses. Certain specially manufactured or designed equipment or components require 
significant time and expense to build and deliver, and if such components do not function as planned or are 
damaged, replacing them can create substantial expense for the Acciona Energía Group and generate significant 
downtime for the relevant facility. 
The Acciona Energía Group may also be obligated to dismantle certain assets and restore the site to its original 
state under the terms of certain contracts signed in relation to such assets. In these situations, the Acciona 
Energía Group recognises a liability for the estimated current cost of dismantling the asset and restoring the site 
to its original condition over the accrual period, which is usually associated with the construction period of the 
asset. The liability for the dismantling provision represents management’s best estimate of the current cost of 
fulfilling the obligation of the value at which a third party would be willing to assume such an obligation as of 
the closing date of the consolidated balance sheet. However, there is no assurance that management’s estimates 
may be accurate, so the Acciona Energía Group may incur additional significant costs.  
Higher than expected investments may be required due to changing environmental, health and safety laws and 
regulations (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof), necessary facility repairs or 
unexpected events (such as natural or man-made disasters or terrorist attacks). Any unexpected failure, 
including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated investments at the Acciona 
Energía Group’s facilities, including in connection with the maintenance, refurbishment and dismantling of the 
Acciona Energía Group’s projects, could result in reduced profitability and/or jeopardise the ability of the 
Acciona Energía Group’s projects to pay their debt or retain a PPA, meet other obligations and make 
distributions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Acciona Energía Group depends on a limited number of suppliers for materials and 
components, in particular, with respect to its wind turbines and are subject to risks associated with 
fluctuations in the costs of such materials and system components 
The Acciona Energía Group obtains materials and other components for the construction of its projects, 
particularly turbines, from a limited number of suppliers. If the Acciona Energía Group is not able to obtain 
materials and components for its projects that meet its quality, quantity and cost standards on time, the Acciona 
Energía Group’s capacity to construct a project could be interrupted and its production costs could be increased. 
Furthermore, even well-maintained projects may from time to time experience technical problems or 
breakdowns as a result of various factors including erroneous installation or malfunction of components, which 
may require extensive repair. Depending on the component that fails and the design of the plant parts, 
production capacity may be affected. There is a risk that if the appropriate spare parts are not readily available, 
production may be delayed. Materials and components from new suppliers may also be less suitable for the 
Acciona Energía Group’s technology and result in its projects having a lower availability rate, which could have

--- Page 21 ---
12
a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects.  
Additionally, the cost of wind turbines, solar modules and other system components may increase or fluctuate 
due to numerous factors that are outside of the Acciona Energía Group’s control, such as unfavourable changes 
in the costs of the natural resources needed for the production of equipment for renewable energy facilities 
(such as steel, lithium, silicon or cobalt), anti-dumping measures or the adoption of any other trade measure 
between governments aimed at the key materials needed for the Acciona Energía Group’s projects. These 
measures could increase the Acciona Energía Group’s procurement costs, which could negatively affect the 
value of its projects or even render some of them non-viable. For example, the Acciona Energía Group has 
experienced significant increases in the price of wind turbines in the past, such as in 2005, as a result of the 
expansion in the renewable energy industry.  
In the last ten years, the Acciona Energía Group sourced all of its wind turbines for new wind farms from 
Nordex, in which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Acciona holds a 33.63% equity interest outside of the 
Acciona Energía Group. The Acciona Energía Group maintains a cooperation agreement with Nordex that does 
not entail any exclusivity obligations for the Acciona Energía Group. The Acciona Energía Group’s high degree 
of reliance on Nordex exposes it to certain risks, including, in particular, delays if the Acciona Energía Group’s 
demand exceeds their available offer, price increases imposed by them, a limited supply of turbine maintenance 
services or turbine spare parts or lack of supply at all whether due to insolvency, manufacturing issues or 
otherwise. Any of these risks may be heightened by the fact that wind turbines are an essential part of the 
Acciona Energía Group’s wind farms which are used throughout the life of a project, so the Acciona Energía 
Group is dependent on Nordex over time. Additionally, certain permits and licenses are given subject to the use 
of a specific type or model of wind turbine, which could make sourcing materials and components from an 
alternative supplier impossible or impracticable. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on 
the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Acciona Energía Group relies on its IT infrastructure, and delays or outages in, or any 
potential cyber-attacks on, its IT systems and networks could have a material adverse effect on the 
Acciona Energía Group’s business  
The Acciona Energía Group’s business relies on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of its information 
technology (“IT”) infrastructure, which includes complex and sophisticated computer, telecommunication, 
supervisory control, data processing, data acquisition and data monitoring systems. The Acciona Energía Group 
may be subject to IT failures of, and disruptions to, such systems and networks, which are used throughout the 
Acciona Energía Group’s business, including at its highly automated plants and for the distribution and supply 
of power. These may be caused by issues with system updates, natural disasters, malicious cyber-attacks, 
accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical 
or electronic breaches or similar events or disruptions. For example, the ability of the Acciona Energía Group 
to perform remote operation services through its Renewable Energy Control Centre (“CECOER”) heavily 
relies on the automatisation and digitalisation of the Acciona Energía Group’s services and thus, any unexpected 
events affecting the Acciona Energía Group’s information technology infrastructure could affect its ability to 
provide these services. Disruptions to the Acciona Energía Group’s IT systems, as well as those of other energy 
industry participants, could severely disrupt administrative and business operations, including a loss of 
operational capacity and critical data. It could also result in a loss of service to customers and create significant 
expense to repair security breaches or system damage. Further, as well as adversely impacting business 
operations, a failure in the Acciona Energía Group’s operations monitoring systems could lead to loss of revenue, 
non-compliance with contractual obligations or permit requirements and the imposition of fines or penalties. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 22 ---
13
Risks in relation to the financial condition of Acciona Energía Group  
The accounting policies of issuers across the industry regarding the variations of pool prices versus 
the regulated remuneration of certain of its Spanish projects are under review by the CNMV 
The Spanish renewable projects of the Acciona Energía Group commissioned before 2013 are subject to a 
regulated remuneration system whereby renewable facilities are remunerated on the basis of a standard 
investment value of their installed capacity and standard O&M costs, rather than on production, if they 
accomplish a minimum number of operating hours. The regulated remuneration, paid during the entire 
regulatory useful life of the facilities, is intended to afford the facilities a reasonable rate of return, which for 
power plants commissioned before 2013, was set at 7.398% and shall remain unchanged until 2030 (depending 
on the regulatory useful life recognised for each asset) if certain specific conditions are met. See Notes 2.2 and 
3.2.K) to the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020. 
Where revenues generated by the sale of energy by Spanish renewable projects commissioned before 2013 that 
are subject to the regulated remuneration system differ from the regulated remuneration afforded to them in any 
given regulatory three-year semi-period, the Acciona Energía Group accounts any positive differences as an 
asset (net of any negative differences that may have arisen during the relevant regulatory semi-period) and 
writes it down linearly during the remaining period where the relevant project is entitled to the regulated 
remuneration system (regardless of the impact in the net asset value of the relevant project for regulated 
remuneration purposes). On the contrary, where there is an absolute negative difference between the revenues 
generated by the relevant project and the regulated remuneration to which it is entitled in any relevant regulatory 
semi-period, the Acciona Energía Group does not record a liability for such difference resulting in a negative 
variation in the net asset value of the relevant projects under the regulated remuneration scheme since it is not 
required to return to the system any revenues exceeding the regulated remuneration applicable. This absolute 
negative difference related to the previous regulatory semi-period is not considered for offsetting when 
recording an asset in the next regulatory semi-period because a positive difference arises even though the 
positive difference amount is lower than the previous absolute negative difference arisen in the said previous 
semi-period.  
While this methodology is consistent with both the Acciona Energía Group’s historical accounting practice and 
that followed by other Spanish listed companies in the renewables energy industry, the Acciona Energía Group 
acknowledges that there might be discrepancies between its accounting policies and those used by certain other 
Spanish listed issuers who effectively record a liability associated with the regularisation of net negative 
differences in the variations in the net asset value of their projects under the regulated remuneration scheme in 
each regulatory period.  
The Spanish National Securities Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, “CNMV”) 
is conducting a sectorial review of accounting practices of issuers across the Spanish renewable energy industry, 
including the Acciona Energía Group, on this matter.  The timing and outcome of this review are still uncertain, 
but they may result in the CNMV prescribing an harmonised accounting criteria on this particular matter going 
forward. The Acciona Energía Group cannot provide any assurance that it will not be required to change its  
accounting criteria in the future or what effect any such change would have on the Acciona Energía Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Acciona Energía Group may be subject to impairment losses 
The Acciona Energía Group has property, plant and equipment located in different geographical areas which 
are subject to different regulatory environments. In accordance with the applicable financial reporting 
framework, at the end of each financial year, the Acciona Energía Group assesses whether there is any indication

--- Page 23 ---
14
of possible impairment or any evidence of changes in the facts or circumstances that gave rise to the previously-
recognized impairment and any changes in regulations or other aspects that could modify future cash flow 
expectations. For example, as a result of the regulatory change that affected renewable energies in 2013, the 
Acciona Energía Group had to register an impairment loss in its results for the financial year ended 31 December 
2013. Determining and assessing these indicators involves significant estimates and assumptions by directors 
and management, and any failure in such determination and assessment could materially and adversely affect 
the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Acciona Energía Group may be subject to interest rate risks  
Interest rate risk is particularly important in relation to the financing of projects in which the project’s cash 
flows and profitability are affected by potential changes in interest rates. The Acciona Energía Group uses 
floating interest rates and derivatives to actively manage interest rate risk and minimize its impact.  
In the three months ended 31 March 2021 and in 2020 and 2019, the Acciona Energía Group’s loans and lines 
of credit accrued interest that was for the most part referenced to Euribor for financing in euros, although some 
of the Acciona Energía Group’s debt is also referenced to other indices such as Libor (in process of transition 
to SOFR) for debt in U.S. dollars, WIBOR for financing in Polish zlotys and JIBAR for financing in South 
African rand, as the Acciona Energía Group’s most relevant indices outside the Euro Zone.  
As part of its growth strategy, the Acciona Energía Group intends to incur substantial additional significant 
indebtedness in the future. As a result, it may be significantly more exposed to interest risk in the future than 
the exposure that it has as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Interest rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Acciona Energía Group may be subject to exchange rate risks 
Due to the geographic reach of its business operations, the Acciona Energía Group conducts business in various 
currencies, which exposes it to exchange rate risk. The Acciona Energía Group is exposed to exchange rate risk 
primarily arising from debt assumed in foreign currencies, receivables referenced primarily to the evolution of 
currencies other than the euro and investments in foreign companies. To mitigate exchange rate risk, non-current 
assets in currencies other than the euro are financed in the same currency in which the assets are denominated 
and other transactions and cash flows in foreign currency are hedged. 
Although the Acciona Energía Group enters into hedging arrangements to cover exchange rate risk, there can 
be no assurance that any current or future hedging contracts will adequately protect the Acciona Energía Group’s 
results of operations from the effects of exchange rate fluctuations or will not result in losses which could impair 
its ability to successfully compete in the market. Any of these risks could be exacerbated in periods of increased 
volatility in exchange rates such as that experienced in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
As part of its growth strategy, the Acciona Energía Group intends to significantly increase its international 
operations. As a result, it may be significantly more exposed to exchange rate risk in the future than it currently 
is.  
The business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Acciona Energía Group could be 
materially adversely affected as a result of any of the above risks.

--- Page 24 ---
15
Risks in relation to the industry of Acciona Energía Group
Fluctuations in market electricity prices 
Market electricity prices often exhibit high volatility and depend on a number of factors including, but not 
limited to, the level of demand, the time of day, carbon prices, the availability and cost of generating capacity 
available to meet demand, and the structure of the particular markets, including the rules that determine the 
order in which generating capacity is dispatched and factors affecting the volume of electricity that can be 
handled by the available transmission infrastructure at a given point in time. The prices at which the energy that 
the Acciona Energía Group produces may be sold in the market depend in part on the relative cost, efficiency 
and investment needed to develop and operate conventional energy sources (including oil, coal, natural gas and 
nuclear energy) and renewable energy sources such as those that the Acciona Energía Group operates. A decline 
in the costs of other sources of electricity, such as fossil fuels or nuclear power, could reduce the price of 
electricity. A significant amount of new electricity generation capacity becoming available could also reduce 
the price of electricity. Broader regulatory changes to the electricity trading market (such as changes to 
integration of transmission allocation and changes to energy trading and transmission charging) also could have 
an impact on electricity prices. In addition, in the Acciona Energía Group’s markets that have substantial solar 
or wind energy capacity, the simultaneous increase in solar or wind electricity supply during periods of high 
resource availability may drive down market prices. 
There can be no assurance that market prices will remain at levels which enable the Acciona Energía Group to 
maintain profit margins and desired rates of return on investment. A decline in market electricity prices could 
have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Competition in the renewable energy markets is increasingly intense and may unfavourably affect 
the Acciona Energía Group 
The renewable energy markets may change rapidly because of changes in customer requirements, technological 
innovations, prices, industry standards, government-driven actions and domestic and international economic 
factors. The markets for the Acciona Energía Group’s business are highly competitive and are continually 
evolving, and the Acciona Energía Group faces significant competition in each of the markets in which it 
operates. Competitors frequently bid aggressively in the tenders in which the Acciona Energía Group 
participates, calculating their bids based on assumptions of low prices for project components, as well as low 
construction, maintenance, capital and other costs. Such bids may put downward pressure on the average sale 
price and may make it more difficult for the Acciona Energía Group to submit winning bids at prices that ensure 
targeted or sufficient returns, in particular to cover the debt financing of the relevant projects.  
In addition, in each of the markets in which the Acciona Energía Group operates, the Acciona Energía Group 
faces competition from local as well as global participants, many of which benefit from extensive experience 
(both domestically and internationally) in the development and operation of electrical generation facilities, as 
well as from financial resources, technical capabilities or local awareness that may be comparable to or greater 
than the Acciona Energía Group’s. Additionally, new competitors may decide to enter the Acciona Energía 
Group’s market as a result of, among other factors, lower initial resource analysis and development costs in 
comparison with the average costs in these concepts in other energy industries. Increased competition may 
materially adversely affect the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.

--- Page 25 ---
16
The production of electricity from renewable resources depends heavily on weather conditions and 
on wind, solar and water resources. Further, risks relating to climate change and episodes of 
extreme weather events could have an adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s activity 
The Acciona Energía Group invests and plans to continue to invest in projects that depend primarily on wind 
and, to a lesser extent, solar, hydraulic and biomass resources.  
The production of the Acciona Energía Group’s projects depends largely on natural resources, such as wind 
intensity or speed, solar irradiation or rainfall. Although the Acciona Energía Group plans its projects based on 
meteorological historical patterns, these resources are outside of the Acciona Energía Group’s control and may 
vary significantly over time. If unfavourable meteorological conditions were to occur, particularly over the long 
term, they could negatively affect the profitability of impacted projects. For example, insufficient wind, solar 
irradiation or rainfall could lead to a decrease in production. Additionally, the production of the Acciona Energía 
Group’s projects is also affected by seasonality. For example, the Acciona Energía Group’s solar photovoltaic 
(“solar PV”) plants tend to produce less electricity during the shorter daylight hours in the winter. 
In addition, risks relating to climate change or to extreme weather conditions could significantly affect the 
Acciona Energía Group’s projects and business, or the business of the Acciona Energía Group’s electricity 
purchasers. To the extent that climate change causes variations in temperatures, wind resources and weather, 
causes an increase in average cloud cover or increases the intensity or frequency of extreme weather events, it 
may have an adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s projects and business. As a result of extreme 
weather conditions, the Acciona Energía Group has experienced leaks in hydraulic plants or damage to its 
turbines due to strong wind intensity, among others.  
If any of the above risks were to materialize, the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Business in a highly regulated environment and the need to obtain permits, licenses and 
authorizations to carry out the Acciona Energía Group’s activities 
The Acciona Energía Group is subject to extensive regulation that governs the performance of many of its 
activities in the countries where the Acciona Energía Group operates, including for the construction, 
development and operation of wind farms, solar plants and other power plants or the awarding and operation of 
concessions, and also the remuneration that the Acciona Energía Group can obtain from those activities. In 
addition, the Acciona Energía Group is subject to significant demands with respect to obtaining and complying 
with the requirements of permits, licenses and authorizations, which may take the form of urban planning 
authorisations (such as construction permits), mandatory environmental impact assessments or studies, 
production and operation authorisations, authorisations to connect to the grid and other specific authorisations 
related to the presence of protected sites in proximity to the Acciona Energía Group’s projects (such as 
archaeological sites, historic buildings, military or nuclear installations and forests). This exposes the Acciona 
Energía Group to costs and liabilities relating to, among others, the Acciona Energía Group’s operations and 
the management of its projects.  
Further, national governments and local authorities may, depending on the country, have a high degree of 
discretion in issuing any required permits, licenses and authorizations and they may exercise their discretion 
unpredictably. In addition, the multitude of government agencies involved may make the process of obtaining 
these permits, licenses and authorisations long, complex and expensive. Moreover, once granted, permits, 
licenses and authorisations may be subject to challenge by local residents and associations, which may argue

--- Page 26 ---
17
that the installations will damage the landscape and biodiversity or cause noise pollution. Such opposition may 
extend the length of the development period or force the Acciona Energía Group to abandon certain projects. 
Permitting issues are particularly relevant to the Acciona Energía Group’s pipeline projects as they may result 
in delays in the development and construction of the Acciona Energía Group’s projects, increased costs or the 
need to halt the development of a project. If the Acciona Energía Group fails to obtain the permits required for 
one or more of the projects that it has in its pipeline, the Acciona Energía Group may not be able to recoup all 
or some of the costs that it may have incurred in the project development stage, or it may not be able to find 
alternative projects to implement its growth strategy, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, the 
Acciona Energía Group’s failure to comply or ensure compliance of its installations with any applicable laws 
and regulations, or to maintain any required licenses, permits or other authorisations, may result in sanctions 
by regulatory authorities, impediments by grid managers to connect the Acciona Energía Group’s projects to 
the grid and/or the halting or temporary shutdown of projects that are already in operation. In addition, any 
breach of the Acciona Energía Group’s regulatory obligations, or even incidents that do not amount to a breach, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s reputation. Any of the foregoing could 
have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Unfavourable changes in regulations or government policies in support of renewable energies 
could significantly affect the Acciona Energía Group’s business 
The Acciona Energía Group’s business and, in general, renewable energy markets, including the development, 
construction and operation of projects, depend to a significant extent on the continued support of governmental 
and local authorities. Depending on the country, this support may take the form of state commitments and plans 
for renewable energy production, direct or indirect subsidies to operators, purchase obligations at feed-in tariff 
rates, payments of mandatory rates through feed-in premiums or in connection with tender processes, pricing 
rules for electricity produced from renewable resources, renewable energy supply quotas imposed on non-state 
professional consumers, the issuance of tradable renewable energy certificates, priority access to the distribution 
and transmission grids and tax levy exemptions and incentives. These policies and mechanisms typically 
enhance the commercial and financial viability of renewable energy projects and often make it easier for 
developers to secure financing. 
A number of factors could result in the reduction or discontinuation of government policies in support of 
renewable energy in the different jurisdictions in which the Acciona Energía Group operates, including pressure 
to improve the competitiveness of renewable energy products to ensure their competitiveness on a non-
subsidized basis which may lead to levels of government support to be gradually phased out; political 
developments which could lead to a deterioration in the conditions for support for renewable energies; and legal 
challenges to subsidy regimes for renewable energy generation on constitutional and other grounds.  
In addition, the Acciona Energía Group also sells electricity that is subject to feed-in tariffs. For example, in the 
year ended 31 December 2020, 9% of the Acciona Energía Group’s consolidated production was sold subject 
to feed-in tariffs (2019: 10%). Unfavourable changes, or uncertainty, in feed-in tariffs could have a material 
adverse effect on the profitability and/or viability of the Acciona Energía Group’s affected projects, especially 
if the resulting purchase prices are not high enough to cover a project’s cost and ensure an adequate return on 
investment.  
Any reversal of, or unfavourable changes to, governmental incentive policies, or interpretive issues and 
uncertainties around their implementation, or any decrease in the number of public calls for tenders or in the 
volumes of energy allocated through them, could have a material adverse effect on the Acciona Energía Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 27 ---
18
On 1 June 2021, the Spanish government launched a public enquiry regarding a draft bill of law amending the 
Spanish electricity market regulations with a view to limiting recent spikes in electricity wholesale market 
prices.  Under the draft bill of law, as currently drafted, subject to certain exemptions, certain non-CO2 emitting 
power plants that were commissioned before 11 March 2005 (i.e., when the Spanish law on greenhouse gas 
emission allowances came into force) will have their electricity generation revenues reduced. The Spanish 
government has in the past adopted similar measures that introduced new costs to generators. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to anticipate if the draft bill of law will be approved or on what terms, 
or to provide a timeframe for that approval, and, therefore, to assess its potential impact on the Acciona Energía 
Group and its business. 
The Acciona Energía Group is subject to tax risks 
The Acciona Energía Group currently benefits from favourable or incentive-based tax regimes in some of the 
countries where it operates, including Spain, which are designed to facilitate the development and to promote 
the use of renewable energy sources and related investments. Conversely, the Acciona Energía Group is subject 
to specific taxes applicable to companies operating in the energy industry and to local taxes applicable to the 
construction of energy-generating facilities or the use of electrical grids. The availability and extent of these tax 
incentives and specific taxes, respectively, may evolve as a result of changes in political and social sensitivity 
to environmental concerns and increasing maturity and profitability of the renewable energy markets as a whole. 
Any decrease in these tax incentives, or any increase in specific taxes and local taxes, could adversely affect 
the Acciona Energía Group and result in a potential decrease in the relative competitiveness of renewable energy 
companies. 
More generally, the Acciona Energía Group is subject to tax laws and regulations in all the jurisdictions in which 
its subsidiaries are located or operate, and such laws and regulations do not provide clear-cut or definitive 
guidelines in certain respects. The Acciona Energía Group cannot guarantee that its interpretation of such laws 
and regulations will not be questioned by the relevant tax authorities. Any failure to comply with such laws or 
regulations, whether derived from an inadequate technical analysis or otherwise, may result in reassessments, 
late payment interests, fines and penalties. Furthermore, tax laws and regulations may change and there may be 
changes in their interpretation and application by the relevant authorities, potentially with retroactive effect, 
especially in the context of international and European initiatives (such as by the Organization for Economic 
Co-operation and Development, the G-20 or the European Union). 
In addition, the Acciona Energía Group may not be able to use deferred tax assets as a result of changes in tax 
laws and regulations in the various jurisdictions in which the Acciona Energía Group operates, or otherwise.  
The occurrence of any of the preceding factors could result in an increase in the Acciona Energía Group’s tax 
burden, damage the Acciona Energía Group’s reputation and have a material adverse effect on the Acciona 
Energía Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Acciona Energía Group is subject to litigation and other legal, administrative and regulatory 
proceedings 
The Acciona Energía Group is subject to the risk of legal claims and proceedings and regulatory enforcement 
actions in various jurisdictions arising in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise. See “Description 
of the Guarantor – Litigation”. 
The Acciona Energía Group is involved in legal proceedings from time to time and this situation may be 
exacerbated by any future growth of its operational portfolio. For example, the Acciona Energía Group has, and 
may in the future have additional, partners in projects who may initiate legal proceedings against the Acciona 
Energía Group if it fails to perform its obligations under the contracts that the Acciona Energía Group has or

--- Page 28 ---
19
may have, with them, as applicable. Claims brought against the Acciona Energía Group could include, among 
others, claims for late completion of the projects and claims for failure to deliver the agreed amount of energy.  
The results of legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Even if such 
proceedings are ultimately resolved in favour of the Acciona Energía Group, they may divert a significant 
amount of its resources and employees’ time or result in negative publicity, to the detriment of its business and 
reputation. Alternatively, such proceedings may result in substantial monetary damages, regulatory sanctions 
or even criminal sanctions, as well as damage to its reputation. There is no assurance that the results of current 
or future legal, administrative or regulatory proceedings or actions will not materially harm the Acciona Energía 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. nor can it guarantee that it will not 
incur losses in connection with current or future legal, administrative or regulatory proceedings or actions that 
exceed any provisions that it may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or that exceed any 
available insurance coverage, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energia Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to withholding 
Risks in relation to Spanish taxation 
Payment of interest and other amounts in respect of the Notes will be made free of withholding taxes in Spain, 
unless such taxes are required by law to be withheld. In such case the Issuer will pay additional amounts as may 
be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholder after such deduction or withholding 
shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable by such Noteholder in the absence of such 
deduction or withholding, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in certain circumstances set 
out in the Conditions. See Condition 8 (Taxation). 
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, in particular by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”), it is not obliged to withhold any tax amount on any interest paid under 
the Notes to the Noteholders provided that certain simplified information procedures (which do not require 
identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the Fiscal Agent, as described in “Taxation – Taxation 
in Spain – Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes”.  
On 20 July 2021 the Issuer, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the “Fiscal 
Agent”) entered into a fiscal agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) where they have arranged certain 
procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent will, 
to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate the collection of information 
concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented to, among other reasons, 
reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof.  
If the Spanish tax authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, of withholding to payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject 
to Corporate Income Tax), the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will be bound by the opinion and, 
with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders 
may be required and the procedures, if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by the 
Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation as 
interpreted by the Spanish tax authorities. If this were to happen, subject to the provision of the relevant 
information in accordance with Condition 8 (Taxation), the Issuer would not gross up payments of any such 
withholding. 
Holders of the Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the 
correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, or the Fiscal Agent assume 
any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 29 ---
20
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish tax resident individuals (and under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by 
such depositary or custodian at the rate of 19 per cent.  
Risks in relation to the Notes  
No active trading market for the Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Risks in relation to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features. 
Partly-paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its investment. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be 
expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, 
an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high

--- Page 30 ---
21
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Risks in relation to the Notes generally 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. The Conditions provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of Noteholders, 
substitute for itself as principal debtor under any Notes another company. 
Regulation and reform of benchmarks, including LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rates and other 
types of benchmarks  
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject 
of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. The implementation of the anticipated reforms may 
result in changes to a benchmark’s administration, causing it to perform differently than in the past, or to be 
eliminated entirely, or resulting in other consequences which cannot be predicted as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a benchmark 
(including, for example, Floating Rate Notes whose interest rate is linked to LIBOR or EURIBOR). 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it requires benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). An analogous 
regulation applies in the UK as the Benchmark Regulation forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. The Benchmark Regulation (or its equivalent in the UK) could have a material impact on any Notes 
linked to a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order 
to comply with their requirements. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. More broadly, 
any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
the benchmark.  
On 5 March 2021, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which regulates the LIBOR, announced 
the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by ICE. 
Pursuant to the latest FCA statement, publication of (i) all euro LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the 
spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 
12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease 
immediately after 31 December 2021 and (ii) the overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease 
immediately after 30 June 2023. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (that is, the 1-month, 3-month and 
6-month sterling, US dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult or continue to consider 
the case for using its proposed powers to require ICE to continue publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, 
though publication of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease 
permanently at the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the FCA confirmed that, even if it does require ICE to continue

--- Page 31 ---
22
publishing any of these nine remaining LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market and the economic reality that such settings are intended to measure and 
representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, after 31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the 
overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will either 
cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative.  
On 24 June 2021, the European Commission, the European Central Bank, the European Banking Authority and 
the European Securities and Markets Authority issued a joint statement encouraging market participants to: (i) 
stop using all 35 LIBOR settings, including US dollar LIBOR, as a reference rate in new contracts as soon as 
possible and in any event by 31 December 2021; (ii) limit the use of any synthetic LIBOR setting, published 
under a changed methodology, only to contracts that are particularly difficult to amend ahead of LIBOR’s 
cessation; and (iii)  include robust fallback clauses nominating alternative rates in all contracts referencing 
LIBOR. 
In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its 
working group on Sterling risk free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative 
markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. On 21 
September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked 
with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative 
to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 
2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the 
new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although 
EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains 
uncertain if it will continue in its current form or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or 
an alternative benchmark. 
The potential elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions of the Notes or result in other consequences 
in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect 
on the value and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the benchmarks reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, LIBOR or EURIBOR) may adversely 
affect the value of Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark 
rate 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be determined 
for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including any page 
on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable. 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur, such fallback arrangements will include the 
possibility that the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case 
may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as applicable) determined by an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). This may result in any Notes linked to or 
referencing an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) performing

--- Page 32 ---
23
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. No consent or approval of the Noteholders shall be required 
in connection with effecting any relevant amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the Agency 
Agreement.  Any such amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment or amendment will 
be favourable to each Noteholder. 
If a successor rate or alternative rate is determined, the Terms and Conditions of the Note also provide that an 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) may be determined and applied to such successor 
rate or alternative rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread 
and, even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest.  
In addition, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to make a determination, the ultimate fallback of interest for the Notes may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Note based on the rate which was last observed on the last relevant interest determination 
date.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Risks in relation to Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds as Green Bonds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
Acciona Energía Group. If, in respect of any particular issue, it is specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
the Notes are “Green Bonds”, the net proceeds of the issue will be used for the purposes of a portfolio of 
projects with a positive impact in terms of environmental sustainability (the “Eligible Green Projects”). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Base Prospectus regarding use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
No assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental sustainability 
of any projects or uses the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. There can be no assurance that 
the relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects) will 
be capable of being implemented in or substantially in the manner planned by the Issuer and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such 
project(s) or use(s). Nor can there be any assurance that any such projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected

--- Page 33 ---
24
or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under 
the Notes. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification (i) is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus, (ii) 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Notes and (iii) would only be current as of the date that it was initially issued. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects, and/or 
the withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any such opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other Notes which are intended by the Issuer to finance Eligible Green Projects and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical 45 screening criteria for the environmental objectives 
set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While the intention is that the Acciona Energía 
Group’s Eligible Green Projects would be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it is not known 
whether the Acciona Energía Group’s Eligible Green Projects will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment 
with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is not certain.

--- Page 34 ---
25
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information is incorporated in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i)
the English translation of the Spanish original unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Guarantor for the three month period ended 31 March 2021 prepared in accordance 
with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 and which have been subject to a limited review by 
KPMG Auditores,  S.L., together with the English translation of the auditor’s limited review report 
thereon and the English translation of the interim directors’ report;
(ii)
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the English 
translation of the auditor’s report thereon and the English translation of the directors’ report; and 
(iii)
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2019 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the English 
translation of the auditor’s report thereon and the English translation of the directors’ report;
each of which has been previously filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and can be accessed on the following 
addresses on the Guarantor’s website:  

the English translation of the Spanish original unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Guarantor for the three month period ended 31 March 2021: 
https://procoazrbolsast01.blob.core.windows.net/media/d2ab4hw4/unaudited-consolidated-interim-
financial-statements-2021.pdf

the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020: 
https://procoazrbolsast01.blob.core.windows.net/media/01ljjuhc/consolidated-annual-accounts-
2020.pdf

the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2019: 
https://procoazrbolsast01.blob.core.windows.net/media/d1tdqvjt/consolidated-annual-accounts-
2019.pdf
Cross-reference list 
The following tables show where the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be
found in the above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the
information listed below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
26
Page(s) 
English translation of the Spanish original unaudited condensed consolidated interim 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the three month period ended 31 March 2021
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet ..................................................................................  
 1 
Condensed Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................................  
 2 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Recognised Income and Expenses ..............................  
 3 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Change in Equity ........................................................  
 4 
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement .......................................................................  
 5 
Notes ........................................................................................................................................  
 6-40 
Page(s) 
English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................  
 0 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .....................................................................................................  
 4 
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................................................  
 5 
Consolidated Statement of Recognised Income and Expenses ................................................  
 6 
Consolidated Statement of Total Changes in Equity ................................................................  
 7 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ..........................................................................................  
 8 
Notes ........................................................................................................................................  
 9-117 
Directors’ Report ......................................................................................................................  
 118-156
Page(s) 
English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................  
 0 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .....................................................................................................  
 4 
Consolidated Income Statement ...............................................................................................  
 5 
Consolidated Statement of Recognised Income and Expenses ................................................  
 6 
Consolidated Statement of Total Changes in Equity ................................................................  
 7 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ..........................................................................................  
 8 
Notes ........................................................................................................................................  
 9-105 
Directors’ Report ......................................................................................................................  
 106-114
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in connection with the listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin, in the event 
of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this 
Base Prospectus, prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus

--- Page 36 ---
27
Regulation or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to 
be listed on Euronext Dublin.  
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information or in any of the documents incorporated 
by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of 
this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by 
reference modifies or supersedes such statement provided that such modifying or superseding statement is made 
by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make the Base Prospectus, as 
so modified or amended, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 37 ---
28
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary Global Note (a “Temporary Global 
Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (a “Permanent Global Note”), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1. 163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
“TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1. 163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U. S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U. S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U. S. beneficial ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U. S. beneficial ownership; provided however that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note.

--- Page 38 ---
29
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”) if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U. S. 
beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification 
of non-U. S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Notes if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) 
occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 39 ---
30
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes whilst in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.”

--- Page 40 ---
31
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form issued under the 
Programme. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes. 
References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an agency agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 20 July 2021 between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a deed of covenant (as amended 
or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 20 July 2021 executed by the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall 
include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders 
of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable 
in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to 
have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. If so required by Spanish 
law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura pública) (the “Public Deed”) before a Spanish Notary 
Public in relation to the Notes and will register such Public Deed with the Mercantile Registry of Madrid. The 
Public Deed will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Notes.  
Notes issued under the Programme will have the benefit of an English law governed deed of guarantee dated 
20 July 2021 (the “English Law Guarantee”) or a Spanish law governed guarantee dated 20 July 2021 (the 
“Spanish Law Guarantee”) (each a “Guarantee” and, together, the “Guarantees”). Payments under the 
Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the English Law 
Guarantee unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are guaranteed pursuant to the Spanish 
Law Guarantee in which case the Notes will be guaranteed by the Spanish Law Guarantee and not by the 
English Law Guarantee. 
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all 
respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Guarantees are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1  
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon, 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of those Notes). 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached. 
Title to the Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be

--- Page 41 ---
32
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note, “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
2  
No Exchange of Notes 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
3  
Status of the Notes and Guarantees 
(a) Status of the Notes 
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions 
as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present 
and future. 
Interest on the Notes accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding 
(concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, no further 
interest on the Notes shall be deemed to accrue from the date of any declaration of insolvency. 
(b) Status of the Guarantees 
The Guarantees constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. The payment 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantees shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided 
by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Guarantor, present and 
future. 
4  
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will create or 
permit to subsist, and the Guarantor will ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will create or 
permit to subsist, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest other than any arising by 
operation of law (each a “Security Interest”) upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or 
to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, unless in any such case: 
(A) 
before or at the same time as the creation of the Security Interest, any and all action necessary 
shall have been taken to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes are secured equally and rateably with 
the Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee or indemnity, as the case may be; or
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not including 
the giving of a Security Interest) is provided in respect of all amounts payable by the

--- Page 42 ---
33
Issuer under the Notes as shall be approved at a meeting of Noteholders (in accordance 
with Condition 11); or
(B) 
the Security Interest is to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of such Relevant Indebtedness) of a Principal Subsidiary, being an entity that became a 
Subsidiary after the Issue Date, so long as: 
(i) 
such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which such Principal Subsidiary 
became a Subsidiary and was not created in contemplation of such Principal Subsidiary 
becoming a Subsidiary or such Security Interest was created in substitution for or to 
replace either such outstanding Security Interest or any such substituted or replacement 
Security Interest; and
(ii) 
the principal amount of the Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of such Relevant Indebtedness) is not increased after the date that such Principal 
Subsidiary became a Subsidiary. 
In these Conditions: 
“consolidated EBITDA” means, in relation to the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for any relevant period, 
by reference to the consolidated income statement of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, turnover, plus 
other income, supplies, staff expenses, other operating expenses and results from equity method entities 
with analogue activities. 
“EBITDA” means, in relation to any Subsidiary of the Guarantor for any relevant period, by reference 
to the income statement of such Subsidiary, turnover, plus other income, supplies, staff expenses, other 
operating expenses and results from equity method entities with analogue activities. 
“International Financial Reporting Standards” means International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union from time to time pursuant to Regulation 1606/2002/EC;
“Non-Recourse Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, substantially 
all the business of which involves the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, 
maintenance and/or operation of one or more assets (whether or not an asset of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries), or any associated rehabilitation works, and substantially all of the indebtedness of which 
is Project Finance Indebtedness;
a “person” includes any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
association, unincorporated association, limited liability company, organisation, trust, state or agency of 
a state (in each case whether or not being a separate legal entity);
“Principal Subsidiary” means:
(A) 
Acciona Generación Renovable, S.A. (formerly  named Acciona Energía, S.A.); and
(B) 
at any relevant time, any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than a Non-Recourse 
Subsidiary or a company which, as at the Issue Date, is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor the 
ordinary shares in which are listed on any stock exchange): 
(i) 
whose total fixed assets or EBITDA at any relevant time represent no less than 10 per 
cent. of the total consolidated fixed assets or consolidated EBITDA, respectively, of the 
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, as calculated by reference to the then latest consolidated 
audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly report of the Guarantor and the latest non-
consolidated accounts or non-consolidated six-monthly reports of each relevant

--- Page 43 ---
34
Subsidiary prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards or 
other applicable generally accepted accounting principles, provided that in the case of a 
Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports of the Guarantor 
relate, then for the purpose of applying each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the 
Guarantor’s latest consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports 
shall be deemed to be a reference to such accounts or reports as if such Subsidiary had 
been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial statements, adjusted 
as deemed appropriate by the auditors of the Guarantor for the time being after 
consultation with the Guarantor; or
(ii) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a 
Subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Principal Subsidiary, provided 
that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal 
Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (ii), and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease 
to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (ii)(B) on the date on which 
the audited accounts or six monthly report of the Guarantor for the financial period 
current at the date of such transfer have been prepared as aforesaid, but so that such 
transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or 
at any time after the date on which such audited accounts or six monthly report of the 
Guarantor have been prepared as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of sub-paragraph 
(ii)(A) above, 
provided that, in the event that the total fixed assets or EBITDA of the Subsidiaries of the 
Guarantor that are Principal Subsidiaries represent in aggregate less than 75% of the total 
consolidated fixed assets or consolidated EBITDA of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, 
Principal Subsidiary shall include any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than a Non-
Recourse Subsidiary or a company which, as at the Issue Date, is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
the ordinary shares in which are listed on any stock exchange) that is necessary to reach said 
percentage. For these purposes, the total fixed assets and EBITDA of the Non-Recourse 
Subsidiaries and of any company which, as at the Issue Date, is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
the ordinary shares in which are listed on any stock exchange, shall be excluded from the 
calculation of the 75% of the total consolidated fixed assets and consolidated EBITDA of the 
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries. 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any indebtedness to finance or refinance the ownership, 
acquisition, development and/or operation of an asset or assets in respect of which the person or persons 
to whom any such indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries) has or have no recourse whatsoever to the Guarantor or any of 
its Subsidiaries for the repayment thereof except for: 
(A) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash flow or 
historic net cash flow) from such asset or the business of owning, acquiring, constructing, 
developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset; and/or
(B) 
recourse to any shareholder or the like in the borrower over (i) its shares or the like (in each 
case, to the extent paid up) in the capital of, or (ii) shareholder loans or the like (in each case, 
to the extent drawn) to, the borrower to secure such indebtedness for borrowed money; and/or
(C) 
recourse under any guarantee and/or indemnity of such indebtedness or completion of 
construction or development of an asset, provided that in any such case the guarantee and/or

--- Page 44 ---
35
indemnity is (to the extent not permitted by any of the foregoing paragraphs) released or 
discharged if completion of the relevant construction or development occurs on or prior to the 
agreed date for completion referred to in or in connection with the guarantee and/or indemnity 
and no default under or in connection with such indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or any 
agreement relating thereto is then subsisting; and/or
(D) 
recourse to the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, under any form of assurance, undertaking 
or support, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages 
and damages required to be calculated in a special way) for breach of an obligation (not being 
a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by another or an indemnity in respect 
thereof or an obligation to comply or to procure compliance by another with any financial ratios 
or other tests of financial condition) by the person against whom such recourse is available. 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, interest 
or other amounts), in the form of or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other similar 
debt instruments, whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, and 
which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded on 
any recognised stock exchange or other securities market but excluding any Project Finance 
Indebtedness;
“Subsidiary” of any person means (i) a company more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of which 
is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such person or by one or more other Subsidiaries of 
such person or by such person and one or more Subsidiaries thereof or (ii) any other person in which 
such person, or one or more other Subsidiaries of such person or such person and one or more other 
Subsidiaries thereof, directly or indirectly, has at least a majority ownership and power to direct the 
policies, management and affairs thereof; and
“Voting Rights” means, in respect of any person, the right generally to vote at a general meeting of 
shareholders of such person (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes 
shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(e). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(e). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 45 ---
36
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(iii) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified 
hereon and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub- paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Notes will be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest of zero. 
(B) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) the offered quotation; or
(2) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,

--- Page 46 ---
37
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London 
time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each 
of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London 
inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting,

--- Page 47 ---
38
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Notes will be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest of zero. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest  
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(d) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of 
(y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) 
or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always 
to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be; or (iii) For the purposes of any calculations 
required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being 
rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the countries of such currency. 
(e)  
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated.

--- Page 48 ---
39
(f) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Change of Control 
Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if 
the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority 
so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined 
prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 
5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable 
under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but 
no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or
(iii) in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centres;
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last)

--- Page 49 ---
40
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365);
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in 
a leap year, 366;
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
                       360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; “D1” is the first calendar 
day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
       360 
where:

--- Page 50 ---
41
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30;
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
     360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and “D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30;
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
(x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such

--- Page 51 ---
42
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year;
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s);
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended;
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date;
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon;
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro;
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date;
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon;
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.);

--- Page 52 ---
43
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon;
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified hereon;
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon;
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon;
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated; and
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any 
successor thereto. 
(h) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant final Terms as being applicable, the Final 
Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note provisions, and/or 
Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply 
with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i)
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, 
or, if a Successor Rate is not available, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(j)(iii)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(iv)).

--- Page 53 ---
44
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. Where 
a different Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin (if any) or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any adjustment under this sub-paragraph shall apply to the immediately 
following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period is subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of wilful misconduct or gross 
negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders for any determination made  in connection with any determination 
made by the Independent Adviser pursuant to this Condition 5(j). 
(ii)
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 5(j)); or 
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(j)(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)). 
(iii)
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv)
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark

--- Page 54 ---
45
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. The Fiscal Agent shall, 
at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order 
to give effect to this Condition 5(j). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v)
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(j) shall be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi)
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer, as the case may be, under Condition 
5(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(b) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred and the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and 
Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v).
(vii)
As used in this condition 5(j):
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided 
as an option for the parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B)
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate 
for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(C)
(if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such customarily applied 
interest rate), the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or

--- Page 55 ---
46
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines, in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii), that has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
the same interest period and the Specified Currency. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(C)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, the effect of which means that the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; or 
(E)
a public statement made by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is (i) no longer 
representative of any underlying market; or (ii) the methodology to calculate 
such Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F)
it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited for the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate or otherwise 
make use of the Original Reference Rate with respect to the Notes. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i).

--- Page 56 ---
47
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A)
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (z) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(f) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) 
above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if a 
demand was made under the Guarantees, the Guarantor) has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Spain or, in each case, any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as appropriate) taking reasonable 
measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior 
to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall

--- Page 57 ---
48
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, if 
the obligation to pay additional amounts refers to it) stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) has or 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
hereon) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes 
of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, 
upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly completed option exercise 
notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the notice period. 
No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Redemption or purchase at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control (Change 
of Control Put Option) 
If Change of Control Put Option is specified hereon, and at any time while any Note remains 
outstanding, a Change of Control occurs (a “Put Event”), the holder of each Note shall have the 
option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice under Condition 6(c) or 6(d)) to redeem the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the option of the Issuer, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the date which is 7 
days after the expiry of the Put Period (as defined below) (or such other date as may be specified 
hereon) (the “Put Date”) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount specified hereon (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with (or,

--- Page 58 ---
49
where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the Put 
Date. Such option (the “Put Option”) shall operate as set out below.  
If a Put Event occurs then, within 14 days of the occurrence of the Put Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Put Option. 
To exercise the Put Option under this Condition 6(f), the holder of a Note must deposit such Note 
with any Paying Agent (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto) on any Business Day falling within the period of 60 days after a Put Event Notice is 
given (the “Put Period”), accompanied with a duly completed put option notice (the “Put Option 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. No Note, once deposited with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 6(f), may be withdrawn (except 
as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
In this Condition 6(f): 
“Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the place of the specified office of the Paying Agent at which the relevant 
Note is deposited. 
A “Change of Control” shall occur if any person or persons acting together, excluding the 
Excepted Persons, acquire Control of the Issuer. 
“Control” means: 
(i)
the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights (as defined in 
Condition 4) in respect of the Issuer, or  
(ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Issuer’s board 
of directors or other governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether 
obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of Voting Rights in respect of the 
Issuer, contract or otherwise. 
“Excepted Person” means Acciona, S.A. and its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4) from 
time to time. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4) may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered 
for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 59 ---
50
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the 
option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” 
means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment 
is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse 
tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities, and (iv) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (b) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 60 ---
51
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears 
to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption 
amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note representing it, as 
the case may be. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” hereon and:

--- Page 61 ---
52
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons or the Guarantor in respect of the Guarantees (as the case may be) shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Spain or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) shall pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(A) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with Spain other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon;
(B) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
it for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days;
(C) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
does not receive any relevant information as may be required by Spanish tax law, regulation or 
binding ruling or in case the current information procedures are modified, amended or 
supplemented by any Spanish law, regulation or a binding ruling; 
(D) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident legal entity subject to Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax, if the Spanish tax authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with the 
exemption requirements specified in the General Directorate for Taxation’s ruling of 27 July 2004 
and require a withholding to be made; or 
(E) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to avoid such deduction or 
withholding by presenting a certificate of tax residence and/or such other document evidencing 
its tax residence required by the competent authorities. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes 
and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor will be paid net on any deduction or 
withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder of official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither 
the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect 
of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on

--- Page 62 ---
53
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions 
to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Change of Control 
Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 
or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts 
and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
“principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note of the relevant Series, 
in respect of such Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note 
is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(A) 
default is made in the payment on the due date of principal or interest or any other amount in 
respect of any of the Notes and such failure continues for a period of 14 calendar days in the case 
of any payment of interest and for 7 calendar days in any other case (including, but not limited 
to, payments of principal);
(B) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor do not perform or comply with any one or more of their other 
obligations in respect of the Notes or the Guarantees, which default is incapable of remedy or is 
not remedied within 30 calendar days after written notice of such default shall have been given 
to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any Noteholder;
(C) 
(i) 
any other present or future indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary becomes, or is declared, due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default (howsoever defined); 
or 
(ii) 
any such indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised is not paid when 
due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period; or
(iii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any 
indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised, 
provided that the aggregate amount of the indebtedness, guarantees or indemnities in respect of 
which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (C) have occurred equals or 
exceeds €30,000,000 (or its equivalent on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph

--- Page 63 ---
54
operates);
(D) 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against the whole or any substantial part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary and is not discharged or stayed within 30 calendar days;
(E) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary in respect of any obligation(s) the 
aggregate principal amount of which equals or exceeds €30,000,000 (or its equivalent on the basis 
of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank 
on the day on which this paragraph operates) is enforced (including by the taking of possession 
or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar 
person) upon any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Principal Subsidiary;
(F) 
(i) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary is insolvent or bankrupt (concurso 
de acreedores) or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or is declared insolvent or 
bankrupt or a voluntary request has been submitted to a relevant court for the declaration 
of insolvency or bankruptcy; or
(ii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary stops, suspends or threatens 
publicly to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type 
of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or affecting all or 
any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Principal Subsidiary;
(G) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up (liquidación) or dissolution 
(disolución) of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, or the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business or operations, except for (i) the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved at a meeting of 
Noteholders; or (ii) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of 
the Principal Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
another Subsidiary or are disposed of to third parties on arm’s length terms, whether pursuant to 
a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation or otherwise;
(H) 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, 
approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time 
required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer or the Guarantor lawfully 
to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes; (ii) 
to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable; and (iii) to make the Notes
admissible in evidence is not taken, fulfilled or done;
(I) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has a similar effect to any of 
the events referred to in any of paragraphs (D), (E), (F) or (G);
(J) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 64 ---
55
(K) 
any of the Guarantees is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
11 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meeting of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions and the Deed of 
Covenant insofar as the same may apply to such Notes. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless 
the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts 
on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to 
vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Change of Control 
Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify or 
cancel any of the Guarantees, (ix) to modify the Deed of Covenant or (x) to modify this provision, 
in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding 
on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be 
as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.  
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not 
reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Notification to the Noteholders 
Any modification, waiver or authorisation in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 65 ---
56
(d) 
Substitution 
Each of the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (each a “Substitute Obligor”) may, without the 
consent of the holders of any Notes or Coupons, assume the obligations of the Issuer (or any 
previous Substitute Obligor) under and in respect of any Notes upon:  
(A)  
the execution of a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”) by the Substitute Obligor and (if the 
Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor in a form which gives full effect 
to such assumption and which includes (without limitation):  
(i) 
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor in favour of the holders of the Notes to be 
bound by these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Agency Agreement, with any consequential amendments, as if it had been 
named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer, and such 
other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) in order for the substitution to 
be fully effective and for the Substitute Obligor to be bound by all of the Issuer's 
obligations;
(ii)  
a warranty and representation (A) that the Substituted Obligor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for 
such substitution and for the performance by the Substituted Obligor of its 
obligations under the Deed Poll and under any other documents required to give 
full effect to the substitution, (B) that all such approvals and consents are in full 
force and effect, and (C) that the obligations assumed by the Substituted 
Obligor are valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and 
enforceable by each Noteholder; and 
(iii)  
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor and (if the Substitute Obligor is not the 
Guarantor) the Guarantor, to indemnify and hold harmless each holder against 
all taxes or duties which arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal 
effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution 
becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against such holder as a 
result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11(d) and which would not 
have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any and all taxes or duties 
which are imposed on any such holder by any political sub-division or taxing 
authority of any country in which such holder resides or is subject to any such 
tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution 
not been made); and 
(iv)  
an acknowledgment of the right of all Noteholders to the production of the Deed 
Poll;
(B)  
if the Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor, the execution of guarantees (the 
“Substitute Guarantees” hereinafter for the purpose of this Condition 11(d) only) by 
the Guarantor on substantially the same terms as the Guarantees pursuant to which it 
undertakes to guarantee the performance of the obligations of the Substitute Obligor 
under the Deed Poll, the Conditions of the Notes and any other documents required to 
give full effect to the substitution;
(C)  
the delivery by the Issuer of an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing addressed to the Noteholders (care of the Fiscal Agent) to the effect that:

--- Page 66 ---
57
(i)  
the Deed Poll constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of 
the Substitute Obligor and, if the Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor;
(ii)  
the Notes constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Obligor; and 
(iii)  
if the Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor, the Substitute Guarantees 
constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantor in 
respect of all sums from time to time payable by the Substitute Obligor in 
respect of the Notes;
(D)  
where the Substitute Obligor is subject to a different taxing jurisdiction (the 
“Substituted Territory”) than that to which the Issuer is subject generally (the 
“Issuer's Territory”), the Substituted Obligor will give an undertaking in terms 
corresponding to Condition 8 with the substitution for the reference in that Condition to 
the Issuer's Territory of references to the Substituted Territory;
(E)  
not later than fourteen days after the execution of any such documents as aforesaid in 
paragraph (a), the Substituted Obligor shall cause notice thereof to be given to the 
Noteholders; and 
(F)  
upon the execution of such documents and compliance with the requirements stated in 
this Condition 11(d), the Substituted Obligor will be deemed to be named in these 
Conditions, the Notes and Coupons as if it had been named herein and therein as the 
principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 
11(d) and the Notes and the Coupons will be deemed to be amended in such manner as 
necessary to give effect to the substitution and any references in the Notes and Coupons 
to the Issuer will be references to the Substituted Obligor.  
12 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent upon payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented 
for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer 
on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (in all respects except for the 
first payment of interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series 
with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
14 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange, multi-

--- Page 67 ---
58
lateral trading facility or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading in the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin, in accordance with its rules and regulations.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Fiscal Agent may approve. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding the above, for so long as all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global 
Note is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Noteholders may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such notices shall 
be deemed to have been given to Noteholders on the day of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
15 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of 
a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by 
any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall 
only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered 
in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or 
recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the 
Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall 
indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, 
it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would 
have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent 
cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder 
and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a 
liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
16 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: 
Save as described below, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the English Law 
Guarantee and the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. Condition 3 and the Spanish Law Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Spanish law.

--- Page 68 ---
59
(b) 
Jurisdiction: 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England 
and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground 
that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for 
the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right 
of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process: 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Bestinver London Office, at its office at 15 Grosvenor Gardens, 
Second Floor (City of Westminster) London SW1W 0BD, United Kingdom as its agent in 
England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it is 
forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able 
to act as such or no longer has an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a 
substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 69 ---
60
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR [MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] OR [UK MiFIR product 
governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for

--- Page 70 ---
61
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable].]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE: Solely for the purposes of discharging its obligations pursuant to sections 
309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA), that the Notes 
are [prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
1  This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (see part B, Para 7(vi)). 
2  This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (see part B, Para 7(vii)).

--- Page 71 ---
62
Products)]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)].]3
Final Terms dated [] 
ACCIONA ENERGÍA FINANCIACIÓN FILIALES, S.A. UNIPERSONAL 
(incorporated with limited liability 
 under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 254900CO48EPLIMJDK17. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Indicate if the Notes are Green Bonds, i.e. Notes issued to finance Eligible Green Projects]
Guaranteed by 
CORPORACIÓN ACCIONA ENERGÍAS RENOVABLES, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability 
 under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
Under the €3,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated []] [which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]4. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation]3 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it dated []] [have] [has] been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted) . Italics denote directions 
for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) Issuer: 
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal 
(ii) Guarantor: 
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A. 
3  If the Notes are to be offered into Singapore and are not vanilla fixed rate or floating rate notes, the product classification of the Notes as 
“prescribed capital markets products” under the SFA may need to be reassessed. 
4  When drafting Final Terms in relation to an issue of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, Prospectus Regulation references should be 
removed

--- Page 72 ---
63
2. 
(i) Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date]/]the Issue Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 21 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]]] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
(i) Series: 
[] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) Specified Denomination: 
[]  
(NB – Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(ii) Calculation Amount 
[] 
7. 
(ii) Trade Date: 
[] 
(ii) Issue Date: 
[] 
(iii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date]/[Floating rate – [Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate (see paragraph 14 below)]  
[[] month [LIBOR]/[EURIBOR] +/- [] per cent. Floating 
Rate (see paragraph 16 below)] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[From the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [15]/[16] applies, and from the period from (and

--- Page 73 ---
64
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [15]/[16] applies]/[Not Applicable]] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option]
[Call Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph [17][18][19] below) 
13. 
Spanish Law Guarantee 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
(indicate Applicable only if the Notes are to be guaranteed 
pursuant to the Spanish Law Guarantee and not by the 
English Law Guarantee)
14. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where board of directors approval is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/[not 
adjusted] 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in]/[on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]] / [[30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis]] / [30E/360(ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA)] 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.) (N:B: only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-(ICMA))]/]Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
65
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Interest Period(s): 
[[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date 
[] 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[[]]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount [is/are] 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[] 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[] month [LIBOR, EURIBOR] 
- 
Reference Bank: 
[] 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
- 
Reset Date: 
[]

--- Page 75 ---
66
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-] []per cent. per annum 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]] / [[30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis]] / [30E/360(ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) applies] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Notice period: 
[] 
18. 
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) applies] 
(iii) Notice period: 
[] 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Put Date:
[7 days after the put Period][specify] 
(ii) Change of Control Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) applies] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount  
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 76 ---
67
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
23. 
New Global Note (NGN): 
[Yes]/[No] 
24. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which paragraph 
16(vi) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[No]/[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(relevant third party information) has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal 
By: .......................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A. 
By: .......................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 77 ---
68
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market on [] with effect from []] 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
the admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been 
rated. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement:
“Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.” [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Estimated Net Proceeds: [] 
Use of Proceeds: [General corporate purposes/To 
[finance[/[or]] refinance ] Eligible Green Projects 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CFI: 
[Not Applicable/[ , as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Number Agency that assigned the ISIN]

--- Page 78 ---
69
FISN: 
[Not Applicable/[ , as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Number Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s) 
[Not Applicable]/[give names and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
Name and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[] 
Name and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[[give names]]
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[[give name(s)]]

--- Page 79 ---
70
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[[give name]] 
(v) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA 
not applicable] 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no “key information document” 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)”

--- Page 80 ---
71
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM  
The following provisions apply to the Notes whilst they are in global form, some of which modify the effect of 
the Conditions. 
Clearing system accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, 
in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as 
the case may be, common safekeeper.  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the 
case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations 
of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Amendment to Conditions 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global 
Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:  
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which 
is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option 
of Noteholders) and Condition 6(f) (Redemption or purchase at the option of Noteholders following a Change 
of Control (Change of Control Put Option) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such 
exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may

--- Page 81 ---
72
be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Meetings: The holder of a permanent Global Note shall (unless such permanent Global Note represents only 
one Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes.
Notices: So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as 
required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except 
that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading in the regulated market of Euronext Dublin all notices 
shall be published in a manner which complies with its rules and regulations.

--- Page 82 ---
73
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes under the Programme will be on-lent by the Issuer to, or invested by the 
Issuer in, other companies within the Acciona Energía Group for use by such companies either: 
(i) for their general corporate purposes, or 
(ii) to finance and/or refinance a portfolio of green projects determined in accordance with Acciona Group’s 
“Green Financing Framework”, which applies to the Acciona Energía Group. 
The Green Financing Framework of the Acciona Group follows the reports published on the European Union 
Green Bond Standard (EU-GBS) produced by the EU Technical Expert Group (TEG) on Sustainable Finance 
(June 2019). The Green Financing Framework has been reviewed by Sustainalytics, which produced a second-
party opinion in November 2019 (any such second-party opinion, a “Second-party Opinion”) on its alignment 
with the Green Bond Principles (GBP) published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and 
the Green Loan Principles (GLP) administered by the Loan Market Association (LMA). Only tranches of Notes 
financing or refinancing green projects will be denominated Green Bonds.  
The Acciona Group may amend or update the Green Financing Framework in the future. Any change to the 
Green Financing Framework would be made public.  
The Green Financing Framework, including any changes thereto, will be available on Acciona Group’s website 
at 
https://mediacdn.acciona.com/media/jsjlcg4m/acciona-s-green-financing-
framework_2019_november.pdf#_ga=2.171452000.1188997803.1623850798-1416570756.1623850798.  
The 
Second-party 
Opinion 
will 
be 
available 
on 
Acciona 
Group’s 
website 
at 
https://mediacdn.acciona.com/media/dlbiesyc/second-party-opinion_acciona-s-green-financing-
framework_november19.pdf#_ga=2.171452000.1188997803.1623850798-1416570756.1623850798.

--- Page 83 ---
74
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal (the “Issuer”) is a Spanish limited liability company 
(sociedad anónima), subject to the Spanish Companies Law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), that was 
incorporated on 24 March 2021 for an indefinite period. It is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid, 
Spain at Volume 41,736, sheet 120, Section 8, page number M-739,313. The Issuer holds Tax Identification 
Code number A-05273651. The registered address of the Issuer is in Parque Empresarial de la Moraleja, 
Avenida de Europa 10, Alcobendas (Madrid) Spain, and its telephone number is +34 91 657 6460. The legal 
entity identifier of the Issuer is 254900CO48EPLIMJDK17. 
Business overview  
The corporate purpose of the Issuer is to manage the financial resources of the Acciona Energía Group, attend 
its financial needs and to manage, optimise and channel the monetary resources and the cash needs of the 
Acciona Energía Group.  
Management 
The joint directors (administradores mancomunados) of the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus and 
the date of their first appointment are: 
Name of director 
Position 
Appointment 
Acciona Corporación, S.A. 
(represented by María Yolanda Herrán 
Azanza) 
Joint Director 
24 March 2021 
Acciona Desarrollo Corporativo, S.A. 
(represented by Jorge Paso Cañabate) 
Joint Director 
24 March 2021 
The business address of each director is Parque Empresarial de la Moraleja, Avenida de Europa 10, Alcobendas 
(Madrid), Spain. 
Jorge Paso Cañabate and María Yolanda Herrán Azanza act respectively as Head of Economic Control and Head 
of Legal of the Guarantor. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between the duties of the persons identified above to the Issuer and their private interests and/or duties. No 
specific measures are in place to regulate the control that the Guarantor exercises over the Issuer.  
Share capital and sole shareholder 
The current share capital of the Issuer is €60,000, represented by 60,000 shares with a par value of €1 each, 
forming a single class. The share capital is fully paid up. The shares of the Issuer are not listed. 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor.  
Financial information 
The Issuer was incorporated on 24 March 2021 with no financial activity prior to this date. The Issuer has not 
produced any financial statements as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is part of the consolidation group of the Guarantor and will be included hereinafter in its consolidated 
financial statements.

--- Page 84 ---
75
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A. (the “Guarantor”) is a Spanish limited liability company 
(sociedad anónima), subject to the Spanish Companies Law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital). It was incorporated 
on 12 June 2008 for an indefinite period as a private limited company (sociedad de responsabilidad limitada or
S.L.) and, as a preparatory step to its admission to trading, was re-registered as a public limited company 
(sociedad anónima or S.A.) on 15 March 2021, changing its corporate name to the current Corporación Acciona 
Energías Renovables, S.A. It is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid at section 8, volume 25,839, 
sheet 10, page number M-465678. The Guarantor holds Tax Identification Code number A-85483311. The 
registered address of the Guarantor is in Parque Empresarial de la Moraleja, Avenida de Europa 10, Alcobendas 
(Madrid), Spain. Its telephone number is +34 91 657 6460  and its website is https://www.acciona-energia.com/. 
The legal entity identifier of the Guarantor is 254900UPX0OEHTKB9Y44.
The Guarantor is controlled by Acciona, S.A. (“Acciona”). The ordinary shares of the Guarantor were admitted 
to trading in Spain on the Barcelona, Bilbao, Madrid and Valencia stock exchanges for trading through the 
Automated Quotation System (Mercado Continuo) on 1 July 2021. Following the admission to trading, Acciona 
owns approximately 85% of the shares of the Guarantor. See “Share capital and major shareholders”. Acciona 
is the parent company of a multinational group (the “Acciona Group”) focused on renewable energy and the 
development and management of infrastructure. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Acciona Group is 
present in 65 countries across all continents and is an Ibex 35-listed company. 
Overview 
The Acciona Energía Group is one of the world’s largest pure-play renewable energy developers, owners and 
operators according to market intelligence firms. With a total installed capacity of approximately 11.0GW as of 
31 March 2021 (consolidated installed capacity of 8.9GW), the Acciona Energía Group owns and operates 
assets in five main hubs globally, and is present in 16 countries, with over 90% of its capacity located in EOECD 
countries and multiple renewable energy technologies, including onshore wind, solar PV, hydraulic, solar 
thermal, biomass and storage, which enabled it to produce a total of 6,948GWh (5,649GWh consolidated) and 
24,075GWh (19,451GWh consolidated) in the three months ended 31 March 2021 and the year ended 31 
December 2020, respectively. It is present across the entire value chain from project development, project 
structuring and engineering and construction to supply chain, O&M and asset management and energy 
management. With over 30 years of experience, the Acciona Energía Group believes that its global presence, 
scale and proven track record in the execution and management of renewable energy projects across varied 
geographies, technologies and regulatory frameworks allows it to maximise its competitiveness and know-how, 
and to be strategically positioned to benefit from the multiple growth opportunities offered by the transition to 
a renewable energy world. For the three months ended 31 March 2021 and the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019, the Acciona Energía Group’s profit for the period/year amounted to €131.4 million, €223.5 million 
and €214.3 million, respectively, and the EBITDA of the Acciona Energía Group amounted to €303.3 million, 
€859.4 million and €926.1 million, respectively.  
As of 31 March 2021, the Acciona Energía Group was the largest 100% renewable energy supplier in Spain by 
energy sold according to the Spanish National Markets and Competition Commission (Comisión Nacional de 
los Mercados y la Competencia or CNMC) and is also one of the top-four developers worldwide by volume of 
contracted PPAs in 2020, according to H1 2021 Corporate Energy Market Outlook by Bloomberg New Energy 
Finance.  
The Acciona Energía Group plays a proactive role in decarbonizing the economy while accelerating a profitable 
and diversified growth in terms of technological and geographical installed capacity and customers. With the 
aim to capitalize the positive trend towards a renewable energy environment, the Acciona Energía Group 
expects that it will allow it to reach a target of 20GW of installed capacity by the end of 2025.

--- Page 85 ---
76
History 
The Acciona Group was created in 1997 following a strategic merger between Entrecanales y Távora, S.A. and 
Cubiertas y MZOV, S.A. Entrecanales y Távora, S.A. was founded in 1931 as a civil constructor company 
specialized in complex projects (such as the remodeling of the San Telmo bridge in Seville following 
recommendations by H.R.H. King Alfonso XIII), while Cubiertas y MZOV, S.A. was a construction company 
with roots that relate back to a railway company founded in Galicia in 1861. 
The Guarantor was incorporated in 2008 in order to hold and develop the historical renewable energy business 
of the Acciona Group, that commenced in the beginning of the 1990s, in the context of a major strategic 
transformation initiated by the Acciona Group with the aim to evolve from a Spanish contractor into an 
international renewable energy and infrastructure leader. The Acciona Energía Group is the result of the 
integration of several companies, assets and partners, including in connection with the acquisition of 
Corporación Energía Hidroeléctrica de Navarra, S.A. (currently, Acciona Generación Renovable, S.A.) from 
2003 through 2005 and Corporación Eólica, S.A. in 2006, as well as the integration of certain assets owned by 
Endesa in 2009, all of which has allowed the Acciona Energía Group to become a major green player with vast 
experience in the renewable energy sector.  
In 1991, the Acciona Energía Group developed its first small hydraulic plant in Spain and in 1993, it started the 
construction of its first wind plant located in Tarifa (Spain), which became operative in 1995. In 2001, the 
Acciona Energía Group commissioned its first solar PV and biomass plants, both of them located in Navarra 
(Spain). In 2004, a period of high growth and internationalization started, which led the Acciona Energía Group 
to further diversify its portfolio with, for example, its first solar thermal (“CSP” or “solar thermal”) plant in 
Nevada (United States) in 2007. In 2016, the Acciona Energía Group started another growth period with the 
project El Romero (246MWp), in Chile. In 2017, the Acciona Energía Group was the first in Spain to integrate 
batteries for energy storage in a grid-connected wind farm and, in 2019, the Acciona Energía Group completed 
the first repowering project in Spain in the wind farm El Cabrito (30MW). 
In 2015, as part of its commitment to decarbonization, the Acciona Energía Group committed to becoming 
carbon neutral at the Paris climate summit and targeted a total investment of more than €2,000 million to reach 
a total installed capacity of 10,500MW by 2020, which has been accomplished and exceeded. In the same year, 
the Acciona Energía Group was recognised as the greenest utility company in the world, reaching the first 
position in the ranking of Top 100 Green Utilities developed by Energy Intelligence. Since then, the Acciona 
Energía Group has maintained the top position in this ranking. In 2016, the Acciona Energía Group became a 
carbon-neutral company.  
In 2016, AWP, an Acciona Group company that developed wind turbines using proprietary technology, merged 
with the German company Nordex, a publicly-listed company and a leading global manufacturer of onshore 
wind turbine systems, in which Acciona currently holds a 33.63% equity interest (outside of the Acciona Energía 
Group). Nordex is currently Acciona Energía Group’s main wind turbine supplier.

--- Page 86 ---
77
Corporate Structure 
The following diagram reflects the main subsidiaries of the Acciona Energía Group as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
________ 
(1)  
Company through which (with its subsidiaries) the Acciona Energía Group undertakes a multi-technological portfolio of renewable 
energy projects.  
(2)  
Company through which, together with its subsidiaries, the Acciona Energía Group undertake onshore wind projects.  
(3)  
Company through which, together with its subsidiaries, the Acciona Energía Group undertake hydroelectric projects. 
(4) 
Financing company. 
Geographical footprint 
The business of the Acciona Energía Group is diversified across jurisdictions. The most significant market for 
the Acciona Energía Group is Spain, but it is also well-positioned in strategic countries such as the United States, 
Australia, Mexico and Chile which, together with Spain, represented 88% and 87% of the Acciona Energía 
Group’s consolidated installed capacity as of 31 March 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. The Acciona 
Energía Group is also present in other markets such as Canada, Italy, Portugal, South Africa, Egypt or India 
among others.  
The Acciona Energía Group classifies its operations by geographical segment as follows: (i) Spain; (ii) Rest of 
Europe; (iii) America; (iv) Australia; and (v) Other zones. The table below shows the number of operating 
projects by geography and technology as of 31 March 2021: 
As of 31 March 2021
Wind 
Solar PV 
Hydraulic 
Biomass and 
solar thermal
Spain ...................................................
168
36
76
3
Rest of Europe(1)................................
27
7
-
-
America(2) ..........................................
25
6
-
1
Australia..............................................
5
-
-
-
Other zones(3).....................................
5 
4 
- 
- 
Total ....................................................
230 
53 
76 
4 
_________________ 
(1)  
Includes Portugal (17 wind farms and 1 solar PV plant), Italy (5 wind farms), Poland (3 wind farms), Hungary (1 wind farm), Croatia 
(1 wind farm) and Ukraine (6 solar PV plants). 
(2)  
Includes United States (10 wind farms and 1 CSP plant), Canada (4 wind farms), Mexico (7 wind farms and 2 solar PV plants), 
Costa Rica (1 wind farm) and Chile (3 wind farms and 4 solar PV plants) 
(3)  
Includes South Africa (1 wind farm and 1 solar PV plant), India (4 wind farms) and Egypt (3 solar PV plants).

--- Page 87 ---
78
In the three months ended 31 March 2021, 50.1% of the turnover of the Acciona Energía Group was derived 
from projects located in Spain and the remaining 49.9% from projects outside Spain (35.5% from America, 8.4% 
from the Rest of Europe, 2.9% from Australia, and 3.1% from Other zones). Further, in the year ended 31 
December 2020, 56.4% of the turnover of the Acciona Energía Group was derived from projects located in 
Spain and the remaining 43.6% from projects outside Spain (25.0% from America, 9.3% from the Rest of 
Europe, 5.2% from Australia, and 4.1% from Other zones).  
The tables below present the turnover of the Acciona Energía Group by geographic segment for the referred 
periods: 
For the three months 
ended March 31, 
% change 
2021
(unaudited) 
2020
(unaudited) 
2021-2020 
(in millions of euros)
(in %)
Spain.................................................................................
286.0
268.6 
6.5%
Rest of Europe..................................................................
48.0
45.7 
5.0%
America............................................................................
202.9
125.7 
61.4%
Australia ...........................................................................
16.6
17.7 
(6.2)%
Other zones ....................................................................... 
17.9
18.7 
(4.3)%
 
Turnover .....................................................................
571.3
476.4 
19.9%
For the year ended 
December 31, 
% change 
2020
2019
2020-2019
(in millions of euros)
(in %)
Spain.................................................................................
992.2 
1,216.2 
(18.4)%
Rest of Europe..................................................................
164.3 
191.9 
(14.4)%
America............................................................................
439.5 
427.6 
2.8%
Australia ...........................................................................
91.9 
75.9 
21.1%
Other zones ....................................................................... 
 71.3 
 83.2 
(14.3)%
 
Turnover .....................................................................
 1,759.1 
 1,994.7 
(11.8)%
EBITDA from the operations of the Acciona Energía Group in Spain represented 31.3% and 40.7% of the total 
EBITDA of the Acciona Energía Group in the three months ended 31 March 2021 and the year ended 31 
December 2020, respectively and the remaining 68.7% and 59.3% from projects outside Spain. 
The table below presents the EBITDA of the Acciona Energía Group by geographic segment for the referred 
periods 
For the three months ended March 
31, 
For the year ended 
December 31, 
2021
2020
2020
2019
(in millions of euros)
Spain.........................................
95.1
112.8
349.8
436.0
Rest of Europe..........................
26.5
17.9
89.6
94.3
America....................................
157.9
94.6
296.2
273.6
Australia ...................................
10.1
12.8
71.0
54.1
Other zones...............................
13.7
16.2
52.8
68.1
Total EBITDA.........................
303.3
254.3
859.4
926.1

--- Page 88 ---
79
Integrated value chain 
The Acciona Energía Group operates a fully-integrated value chain and seeks to add value through each of the 
phases of a project: (i) project development; (ii) project structuring; (iii) engineering and construction; (iv) 
supply chain; (v) O&M and asset management; and (vi) energy management. The Acciona Energía Group 
believes that having in-house integrated capabilities allows it to obtain economies of scale that result in 
increased margins, asset quality, agility and asset expertise.  
Project development 
The Acciona Energía Group primarily pursues greenfield projects (completely new projects that have to be 
developed since the identification of the specific site) or acquire projects in an early stage of development. In a 
greenfield project, a site is identified, and a project developed and constructed. Greenfield projects generally 
allow a higher return on the capital invested, and therefore are the preferred approach whenever the appropriate 
conditions exist.  In certain countries, such as those in Africa and the Middle East, the Acciona Energía Group 
also pursues projects by means of co-development or joint venture agreements.  
The Acciona Energía Group typically identifies new sites taking into account energy resources, meteorological 
conditions, topography, access to existing and planned electricity transmission systems, size, availability and 
ownership of land and possible environmental and regulatory constraints. Increasingly, business origination 
derives from a joint strategy with customers. In evaluating a project the existence of current or future demand 
of potential corporate and public offtakers is very relevant and in most cases determines the continuity of the 
development efforts in a particular project. 
The Acciona Energía Group seeks to obtain land rights for the development of its projects, to start the 
arrangements to close the chosen offtake alternative (for instance, negotiating the PPAs with potential offtakers), 
to manage the interconnection and transmission/distribution processes and obtain the permits that are required 
prior to the construction of the projects, including applicable environmental and land-use permits, licenses, 
concessions and project approval. These vary by country, and, in some cases, by region within a country. The 
Acciona Energía Group generally leases the land on which projects are constructed.  
Once the relevant permits have been obtained and the offtake solutions are secured the investment decision is 
made and the engineering and construction process begins.  
The timing of each of these phases varies significantly depending on multiple factors, including applicable 
regulations, the jurisdiction where the project is located, the technology and the topography, among others. 
Project structuring  
The renewable energy industry is capital intensive and the Acciona Energía Group needs to make significant 
investments to develop, construct and subsequently operate its projects. In recent years the Acciona Energía 
Group has primarily funded its projects through financing provided by Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A., an 
Acciona Group company outside of the Acciona Energía Group, project finance arrangements and, to a lesser 
extent, debentures and other negotiable securities.  
As of 31 March 2021, the total financial liabilities of the Acciona Energía Group amounted to €2,637.7 million, 
comprised of €1,700.5 million of financial liabilities with related parties (of which €1,471.5 million related to 
financial liabilities with Acciona Energía Group companies and affiliates) and the rest of loans and borrowings 
and debentures and other negotiable securities.   
As of 31 March 2021 and 31 December 2020, current and non-current financial liabilities with Acciona Energía 
Group companies and affiliates amounted to €1,471.5 million and €2,908.0 million, respectively, compared to 
€2,739.6 million as of 31 December 2019. The variation of these figures reflect the capitalisation on 22 March

--- Page 89 ---
80
2021 of €1,859 million of the non-current financial liabilities with Acciona Energía Group companies held by 
the Guarantor with Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A. as a preliminary step to the admission to trading of the 
shares of the Guarantor. 
As of 31 March 2021 and 31 December 2020, loans and borrowings of the Acciona Energía Group amounted 
to €732.1 million and €811.2 million, respectively, compared to €790.0 million as of 31 December 2019, of 
which €564.2 million, €570.3 million and €687.5 million corresponded to project finance, respectively.  
On 26 March 2021, the Issuer entered into a €2.5 billion syndicated facility under which, an amount of 
approximately €1,568.5 million was drawn on 8 July 2021 to cancel substantially all the financial liabilities of 
the Acciona Energía Group with Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A. and other companies of the Acciona Group 
outside the Acciona Energía Group. See “Recent Developments”. 
In the near future, the Acciona Energía Group intends to fund its projects through net cash flows from operations 
(net of dividends) and incremental net cash flows from financing, and to a lesser extent, by contributions from 
minority shareholders. Incremental indebtedness will be primarily in the form of corporate debt in the banking 
and capital markets held by the Issuer, although non-recourse project level debt may be appropriate for certain 
projects due to their size, currency denomination, geography or existence of partners, amongst other 
considerations.  
Engineering and construction  
The engineering and construction teams have two major responsibilities. For projects in the development phase 
(before the project has received investment approval), they prepare a technical memo, which includes the 
project’s expected investment, construction schedule and payment milestones and energy production, a 
technical risk assessment, and any other relevant technical information impacting the project. Some typical 
activities during this phase include, among others: (i) the receipt of basic/permits engineering; (ii) the 
establishment of a procurement strategy; (iii) the preparation of a project organizational chart; (iv) the 
performance of a cost analysis; (v) the preparation of a grid code assessment; (vi) the preparation of an energy 
resource and production assessment and (vii) the preparation of a risk assessment. The Acciona Energía Group 
leads the design of the project, identifying the best technology solution for a given site estimating project costs 
from very early stage.  
Once the project has received investment approval, which typically happens when an offtake solution is secured, 
the engineering and construction teams effectively manage the construction until the assets are transferred to 
the production area, aiming to perform their tasks in accordance with the technical memo. Typical activities 
during this phase include, among others: (i) the preparation of a procurement plan; (ii) the preparation of a 
health and safety management plan; (iii) the preparation of a detailed engineering plan (either internally or by 
a third party); (iv) the selection of contractors; (v) site mobilization and full supervision of the contractors 
engaged in the project (civil works, electrical works, main components installation, grid connection (substation 
and power lines), etc.); (vi) the commissioning of the project, including all of the performance and grid code 
testing; and (vii) the transfer of the assets to the production area. 
The construction process is outsourced to third parties, typically using multi-contracting solutions, and risks 
resulting from delays, defects and accidents covered by indemnities.  
Supply chain 
The supply chain department works closely with both the engineering and construction teams during the 
construction phase and with the O&M department during the operation phase in order to ensure that time, 
budget and performance requirements are met. The Acciona Energía Group has well-established procurement

--- Page 90 ---
81
processes based on certain pre-qualification criteria and a clear focus on quality. In connection with onshore 
wind, most wind turbines for new wind farms are sourced from Nordex. 
O&M and asset management 
The O&M and asset management team provides a comprehensive range of services and solutions to maximise 
the availability rate, load factor and lifespan of projects, including reporting and analysis, monitoring and 
supervision, inspections, preventive project maintenance, repair and replacement of equipment, site 
management and incident response. Assets are operated through CECOER, which allows the Acciona Energía 
Group to supervise projects on a project-by-project basis. CECOER is fully interconnected with the O&M and 
asset management team through advanced digitalisation tools, adjusting generation to their instructions in the 
most efficient way and in real time. CECOER operates both the Acciona Energía Group’s and third parties’ 
renewable energy generation assets. 
Energy management  
The Acciona Energía Group seeks to optimise its energy management by applying global energy management 
processes and policies with a portfolio approach, and centralised standards complemented by local market 
knowledge adapted to the specificities of each market.  
The Acciona Energía Group sells energy in the pool market (subject to regulated prices, feed-in tariffs or in the 
wholesale market) or through bilateral PPAs. The Acciona Energía Group seeks to maintain a diversified 
combination of different offtake options and energy sales mechanisms.  
In the three months ended 31 March 2021, 30% of the consolidated production was sold under PPAs, 30% was 
sold subject to regulated prices and 9% was sold subject to feed-in-tariffs, with the remaining 31% being derived 
from sales on the wholesale market. Further, in the year ended 31 December 2020, 34% of the consolidated 
production of the Acciona Energía Group was sold under PPAs, 27% was sold subject to regulated prices and 
9% was sold subject to feed-in-tariffs, with the remaining 30% being derived from sales on the wholesale market.  
Multi-Technological Approach  
The Acciona Energía Group operates multi-technological projects, including onshore wind, solar PV, hydraulic 
and biomass and solar thermal, in 16 countries. The Acciona Energía Group has also been pioneer in Spain in 
integrating storage in grid-connected wind and solar PV and floating solar PV.  
The table below summarises the consolidated production of the projects of the Acciona Energía Group during 
the periods indicated: 
Consolidated production for the 
three months ended 31 March 
Consolidated production for the 
year ended 31 December 
Production (GWh) 
2021
2020
2020
2019
Spain ....................................
2,967
2,654
9,821
9,870
Wind..................................
2,374
1,946
7,007
7,725
Solar PV............................
1
1
3
4
Hydraulic...........................
491
592
2,374
1,720
 Biomass and solar thermal  
102
115
437
421
Rest of Europe ..................... 
256
262
862
933
Wind .................................
243
252
795
892
Solar PV............................
13
10
67
41
 Biomass and solar thermal  
-
-
-
-
America ................................ 
1,949
1,922
6,765
5,892
Wind .................................
1,708
1,740
5,971
5,318
Solar PV............................
226
167
684
461
 Biomass and solar thermal  
15
15
110
113

--- Page 91 ---
82
Consolidated production for the 
three months ended 31 March 
Consolidated production for the 
year ended 31 December 
Australia .............................. 
272
286
1,106
1,083
Wind .................................
272
286
1,106
1,083
Solar PV............................
-
-
-
-
 Biomass and solar thermal  
-
-
-
-
Other zones .......................... 
205
211
897
934
Wind .................................
153
158
696
726
Solar PV............................
52
53
201
208
 Biomass and solar thermal  
-
-
-
-
Total ..................................  
5,649
5,336
19,451
18,712
The consolidated production of the projects of the Acciona Energía Group depends on a variety of factors, 
including (i) consolidated installed capacity (that is, the maximum production capacity of the projects in respect 
of which the Acciona Energía Group owns a controlling interest), (ii) the availability of natural resources (for 
example, solar irradiation and wind speed and intensity with respect to solar PV plant and wind farms, 
respectively); and (iii) projects’ efficiency and availability rate. 
The table below summarises the consolidated installed capacity of the projects of the Acciona Energía Group 
during the periods indicated: 
Consolidated installed capacity for 
the three months ended 31 March 
Consolidated installed capacity for 
the year ended 31 December 
Installed capacity (MW) 
2021
2020
2020
2019
Spain ....................................
4,452
4,451
4,452
4,453
Wind..................................
3,514
3,514
3,514
3,516
Solar PV............................
4
3
4
3
Hydroelectric.....................
873
873
873
873
 Biomass and solar thermal  
61
61
61
61
Rest of Europe ..................... 
506
506
506
506
Wind .................................
407
407
407
407
Solar PV............................
100
100
99
99
 Biomass and solar thermal  
-
-
-
-
America ................................ 
3,117
2,453
2,888
2,327
Wind .................................
2,475
2,031
2,423
1,955
Solar PV............................
577
359
401
308
 Biomass and solar thermal  
64
64
64
64
Australia .............................. 
479
371
389
371
Wind .................................
479
371
389
371
Solar PV............................
-
-
-
-
 Biomass and solar thermal  
-
-
-
-
Other zones .......................... 
396
396
396
396
Wind .................................
302
302
302
302
Solar PV............................
94
94
94
94
 Biomass and solar thermal  
-
-
-
-
Total ..................................  
8,950
8,177
8,631
8,053

--- Page 92 ---
83
The tables below present the turnover of the Acciona Energía Group by technology for the referred periods: 
For the three months 
ended 31 March 
% change 
2021
(unaudited) 
2020
(unaudited) 
2021-2020 
(in millions of euros)
Wind..................................................................................
382.1
308.1 
24.0%
Solar PV ............................................................................
21.7
23.4 
(7.3)%
Hydraulic...........................................................................
26.2
23.4 
12.0%
Biomass and solar thermal.................................................
17.2
17.7 
(2.8)%
Other..................................................................................
124.1
103.8
19.6%
Turnover.......................................................................
571.3
476.4 
19.9%
For the year ended 31 
December 
% change 
2020
2019
2020-2019
(in millions of euros)
Wind..................................................................................
1,081.0 
1,172.9 
(7.8)%
Solar PV ............................................................................
118.3 
107.8
9.7%
Hydraulic...........................................................................
88.8 
91.3 
(2.7)%
Biomass and solar thermal ................................................
76.6
84.0
(8.8)%
Other..................................................................................
394.4
538.8
(26.8)%
Turnover.......................................................................
1,759.1
1,994.7
(11.8)%
The table below presents the EBITDA of the Acciona Energía Group by technological segment for the periods 
presented: 
For the three months 
ended 31 March 
For the year ended 31 
December 
2021
2020
2020
2019
(in millions of euros)
Wind............................................................
263.1
214.7
688.3
766.0
Solar PV ......................................................
22.5
19.6
85.0
63.1
Hydraulic.....................................................
12.0
11.7
49.2
47.1
Biomass and solar thermal ..........................
5.9
6.2
33.8
37.1
Other ............................................................ 
(0.2)
2.1
3.1
12.8
Total EBITDA ............................................ 
303.3
254.3
859.4
926.1
Wind  
The Acciona Energía Group is a leading player in the development, construction, operation and maintenance of 
onshore wind power facilities, having started the construction of the first wind farm in Tarifa (Spain) in 1993.  
Its leading position and industry knowledge are partly driven by the Acciona Energía Group’s extensive 
experience as a global supplier of products and services in all areas of the value chain, including as pioneers in 
the development of wind turbines using Nordex’s proprietary technology, and concrete towers of up to 120 
meters.  
As of 31 March 2021, the Acciona Energía Group owned 8,604MW of total installed capacity in 230 wind 
farms with more than 6,390 wind turbines located in 14 countries.

--- Page 93 ---
84
Most relevant projects include Waubra, located in Victoria (Australia), with a total installed capacity of 192MW 
and 128 turbines, Eurus, located in Oaxaca (Mexico), with a total installed capacity of 250.5MW and 167 wind 
turbines, Gouda, located in Western Cape (South Africa), with a total installed capacity of 138MW and 46 
turbines, San Roman. located in Texas (United States), with a total installed capacity of 93MW and 31 turbines, 
El Cortijo, located in Reynosa, Tamaulipas (Mexico), with a total installed capacity of 183MW and 61 wind 
turbines, San Gabriel and Tolpan Sur, located in the Araucanía region (Chile) with a total installed capacity of 
183MW and 61 wind turbines and a total installed capacity of 84MW and 28 wind turbines, respectively.  
Solar PV 
The Acciona Energía Group is a key player in the installation and operation of solar PV plants and a leading 
international player in building utility-scale assets worldwide. It has been The Acciona Energía Group has been 
in the solar PV industry in Spain since 2011 when it built its first solar PV plant in Tudela (Navarra) and have 
since then become a leader in the community PV concept in Spain. A community solar project is a solar power 
plant whose electricity is shared by more than one property allowing members of a community to share the 
benefits of solar power even if they cannot or prefer not to install solar panels on their property. Additionally, 
in 2020 the Acciona Energía Group built the first floating solar PV plant connected to the grid in Spain.  
As of 31 March 2021, the Acciona Energía Group owned 1,411MW of total installed capacity in 53 solar PV 
plants located in 7 countries.  
Most relevant projects include Amareleja, located in Moura (Portugal), with a total installed capacity of 
48.5MWp and 262,080 photovoltaic modules, Sishen, located in Northern Cape (South Africa), with a total 
installed capacity of 94.3MWp and 319,000 photovoltaic modules, El Romero, located in the Atacama region 
(Chile), with a total installed capacity of 246MWp and 776,000 photovoltaic modules, Puerto Libertad, located 
in Puerto Libertad, Sonora (Mexico), with a total installed capacity of 405MWp and 1,222,800 photovoltaic 
panels or the Sierra Brava floating photovoltaic plant, located in the Sierra Brava reservoir, Extremadura (Spain), 
with a total installed capacity of 1,125kWp, five different floating systems and 600 photovoltaic modules. This 
floating photovoltaic plant offers higher performance than a non-floating plant due to the lower environmental 
temperature, the availability of a flat surface, the lack of shade and its easier installation. This technology can 
also be associated with hydroelectric plants, with which the plant can share electrical infrastructure, providing 
the plant with greater flexibility. Plants of this type are suitable for regions where there is little land available 
and are attractive in areas with weak electricity grids. The panels, which are mounted on top of floating 
structures (rafts or pontoons), also reduce evaporation and improve water quality by suppressing algal growth.  
Hydraulic 
Hydraulic has been a part of the power generation portfolio of the Acciona Energía Group since 1990. The 
incorporation of hydraulic assets acquired from Endesa in 2009 boosted the hydropower capacity of the Acciona 
Energía Group. As of 31 March 2021, the Acciona Energía Group owned 873MW of total installed capacity in 
76 hydraulic plants in seven Spanish regions.  
Most relevant projects include Ip (Spain), located in Canfranc, Huesca (Spain), with a total installed capacity 
of 88.9MW (generating) or 99MW (pumping) and Seira, located in La Ribagorza, Huesca (Spain), with a total 
installed capacity of 36.7MW, a run-of-the-river plant of historical importance which was commissioned in 
1918 and has been fully operational for more than 100 years.  
Biomass and solar thermal 
The Acciona Energía Group has substantial experience in the design, construction and operation of large 
biomass plants for largescale electricity generation. In the three months ended 31 March 2021 and the year

--- Page 94 ---
85
ended 31 December 2020 the Acciona Energía Group produced a total of 117GWh and 547GWh respectively 
from its biomass and solar thermal plants.  
Most relevant projects include Sangüesa, located in Navarra (Spain), with a total installed capacity of 30MW 
or the Nevada Solar One CSP plant in Boulder City, Nevada (United States), with a total installed capacity of 
64MW and 182,000 parabolic mirrors. 
Storage 
The Acciona Energía Group is a pioneer in Spain in integrating storage in grid-connected wind and solar PV 
plants.  
The Barasoain project, located in Navarra (Spain), a battery-based wind energy storage plant, is the first of this 
type to be integrated into a grid-connected wind farm in Spain.  
Sustainability 
The Acciona Energía Group is committed to maintaining a strong environmental, social and governance 
(“ESG”) proposition. The Acciona Energía Group has been recognised as the leader of the electric utilities 
sector worldwide in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index in 2020 based on S&P Global ESG score. In 2015, it 
was recognised as the greenest utility company in the world, reaching the first position in the ranking of Top 
100 Green Utilities developed by Energy Intelligence and it has maintained the top position in this ranking 
every year since then. In line with its commitment to the full decarbonisation of the economy, the Acciona 
Energía Group has been carbon neutral since 2016 by reducing its emissions and offsetting its remaining direct 
emissions. 
The Acciona Energía Group takes into account the lifecycle emission of all its energy assets and future 
investments and maintains them below the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy threshold as per the most recent 
version of the European taxonomy (2020 draft Delegated Act), i.e. below 100 g CO2e/kWh.  In addition, the 
Acciona Energía Group verifies on an annual basis the active measures for environmental protection 
implemented in its projects, as well as new potential impacts, throughout the lifecycle of its projects, including 
design, construction, operation and dismantlement. 
Sustainability Master Plan 2021 – 2025 
The Acciona Energía Group’s sustainability strategy is developed through Acciona Group’s third Sustainability 
Master Plan (the “SMP 2025”) from which Acciona Energía Group’s specific objectives and indicators shall be 
extracted. The SMP 2025 was approved in March 2021. 
The purpose of the SMP 2025 is to invest in, develop and operate infrastructure assets that can make the planet 
sustainable. It is structured around strategic and operational objectives applicable to the entire Acciona Group 
organisation with specifications for the different lines of business. It covers the following areas: people centric, 
positive planet, exponential leadership, and integrate to transform. Each of the four pillars of the SMP 2025 has 
various areas of action and an established route that includes activities ranging from responsible to resilient, 
adopting the ones that contribute a regenerative impact. The achievement of SMP 2025 targets is linked to a 
percentage of the bonuses received by directors, managers and other staff of Acciona Group. 
The Guarantor has an audit and sustainability committee (the “Audit and Sustainability Committee”) that 
monitors the ESG evolution of the Acciona Energía Group.

--- Page 95 ---
86
Green Financing Framework  
Adherence to the EU Green Bond Standard and Green Bond Principles 
In 2019, Acciona Group developed a new green financing framework (the “Green Financing Framework”) 
that expands the portfolio of eligible green projects based on the contribution of the company to a low carbon 
economy. The Acciona Group’s Green Financing Framework is consistent with the EU Green Bond Standard 
(EU-GBS) produced by the EU Technical Expert Group (TEG) on Sustainable Finance (June 2019). All green 
financing transactions of the Acciona Energía Group are carried out under The Green Financing Framework. 
The Green Financing Framework was reviewed by Sustainalytics, a reputed sustainability rating agency, which 
issued a second-party opinion in November 2019 (any such second-party opinion, the “Second-party Opinion”) 
confirming the alignment of the Green Financing Framework of the Acciona Group with the most recognised 
market practices: the Green Bond Principles (“GBP”) published by the International Capital Markets 
Association (ICMA), and the Green Loan Principles (“GLP”) administered by the Loan Market Association 
(LMA). 
The Green Financing Framework, including any changes thereto, will be available on Acciona Group’s website 
at 
https://mediacdn.acciona.com/media/jsjlcg4m/acciona-s-green-financing-
framework_2019_november.pdf#_ga=2.171452000.1188997803.1623850798-1416570756.1623850798.  
The 
Second-party 
Opinion 
will 
be 
available 
on 
Acciona 
Group’s 
website 
at 
https://mediacdn.acciona.com/media/dlbiesyc/second-party-opinion_acciona-s-green-financing-
framework_november19.pdf#_ga=2.171452000.1188997803.1623850798-1416570756.1623850798.  
Acciona Energía Group operates within Acciona Group’s Green Financing Framework. 
Identification of projects 
All projects that are financed and/or refinanced with proceeds from green financing instruments are selected by 
Acciona Group’s Sustainable Finance Committee (the “Committee”) and are evaluated on a quarterly basis. 
This Committee comprises professionals from Acciona Group’s finance and sustainability departments as well 
as sustainability representatives from the business lines of the Acciona Group, project managers and other 
selected experts. The Committee is responsible for verifying compliance by all projects with the eligibility 
criteria based on contribution by Acciona Group’s green projects to the environmental objectives contemplated 
in the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. Furthermore, Acciona Group classifies and provides assurance to its 
activities in accordance to the criteria established by the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. 
The Second-party Opinion provides that the eligible use of proceeds categories outlined in the Framework – (i) 
electricity supply (ii) transportation and storage (iii) water, sewage, waste management and remediation and (iv) 
construction and real estate activities – are viewed by Sustainalytics as credible, impactful and aligned with the 
GBP 2018 and GLP 2018. 
Verification of use of proceeds (post-issuance)  
Once a year, the Acciona Group obtains a verification from an external auditor of a management statement on 
the allocation of the proceeds from green financing instruments to the eligible green project portfolio. In 2020 
it was issued by KPMG Asesores, S.L.  
Litigation 
Members of the Acciona Energía Group are party as defendants to legal proceedings from time to time arising 
in the ordinary course of business, most frequently, in claims with subcontractors related to disputes in 
construction contracts and with land owners in connection with real estate-related issues. In addition, members

--- Page 96 ---
87
of the Acciona Energía Group are also party from time to time as plaintiffs in other disputes in connection with 
contractual breaches of counterparties (mostly, payment defaults), tax claims, insurance claims and permitting 
and regulatory claims.  
The Acciona Energía Group records provisions in its consolidated balance sheet to cover liabilities whenever it 
is considered that an adverse outcome is more likely than not and the potential outflow is quantifiable. 
Provisions are quantified on the basis of the information available and legal advice and are used to provide for 
the specific obligations for which they were originally recognised. As of 31 March 2021 and 31 December 2020, 
The Acciona Energía Group did not have any provisions for legal contingencies (31 December 2019: €30 
million).  
Management 
The Board of Directors of the Guarantor is composed of eleven members: one executive director, seven 
independent directors and three proprietary directors.  
The following table sets forth the composition of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor. 
Name 
Title 
 
Category 
 
Appointment 
Date 
Term 
Expires 
Mr 
José 
Manuel 
Entrecanales Domecq 
 
Chairperson 
 
Proprietary 
 
May 26, 2021
 May 26, 2023 
Mr Rafael Mateo Alcalá 
 
Chief executive 
officer 
 
Executive 
 
May 26, 2021
 May 26, 2023 
Mr 
Juan 
Ignacio 
Entrecanales Franco 
Director 
 
Proprietary 
 
May 26, 2021 
 May 26, 2023 
Ms Sonia Dulá 
Director 
 
Proprietary 
 
May 26, 2021 
 May 26, 2023 
Mr 
Juan 
Luis 
López 
Cardenete 
Director 
 
Independent 
 
May 26, 2021 
 May 26, 2023 
Ms 
Karen 
Christiana 
Figueres Olsen 
Director 
 
Proprietary 
 
May 26, 2021 
 May 26, 2023 
Mr 
Alejandro 
Mariano 
Werner Wainfeld 
Director 
 
Independent 
 
May 26, 2021 
 May 26, 2023 
Ms Inés Elvira Andrade 
Moreno 
Director 
 
Independent 
 
May 26, 2021 
 May 26, 2023 
Ms 
María 
Salgado 
Madriñán 
Director 
 
Independent 
 
May 26, 2021 
 May 26, 2023 
Mr Rosauro Varo Rodríguez 
 
Director 
 
Independent 
 
May 26, 2021 
 May 26, 2023 
Ms María Fanjul Suárez 
Director 
 
Independent 
 
May 26, 2021 
 May 26, 2023 
The secretary non-director of the Board of Directors is Mr Jorge Vega-Penichet López. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Parque Empresarial de la Moraleja, Avenida 
de Europa 10, Alcobendas (Madrid), Spain. 
Directors’ Managerial Positions and Shareholdings 
Several members of the Board of Directors perform activities outside the Acciona Energía Group. The following 
table sets out the entities (other than Acciona Energía Group companies, family owned asset holding companies

--- Page 97 ---
88
not relevant for the Guarantor’s business and positions in educational or non-profit organisations)] in which the 
Guarantor’s directors have been appointed as members of administrative, management or supervisory bodies: 
Director 
Entity 
Position 
Sector 
Mr 
José 
Manuel 
Entrecanales Domecq 
Acciona, S.A. 
Chairperson and chief executive 
officer 
Infrastructure 
and 
renewables 
Fomento para la Innovación y el 
Desarrollo Sostenible Tres, S.C.R., 
S.A. 
Chairperson  
Venture capital 
JME Venture Capital, S.G.E.I.C., 
S.A. 
Chairperson  
Venture capital 
Mr Rafael Mateo Alcalá 
Operador del Mercado Ibérico de 
Energía Polo Español, S.A. (OMIE) 
Director 
Electricity 
market 
operator (NEMO) 
Mr 
Juan 
Ignacio 
Entrecanales Franco 
Acciona, S.A. 
Executive vice-chairperson 
Infrastructure 
and 
renewables 
Lloyd’s Register EMEA Spanish 
Committee 
Member 
Engineering 
and 
technology 
services 
provider 
Ms Sonia Dulá 
Acciona, S.A. 
Director 
Infrastructure 
and 
renewables 
Bestinver, S.A. 
Non-executive chairperson 
Asset management 
Bestinver Gestión SGIIC, S.A. 
Non-executive chairperson 
Asset management 
Latin America Strategic Advisory 
Board of Banco ITAU (Brazil) 
Director 
Banking 
Huntsman Corporation 
Director 
Manufacture 
and 
marketing of chemicals 
Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. 
Director 
Media and entertainment 
Millicom International Cellular S.A. 
Director, 
audit 
committee, 
compliance and business conduct 
committee 
Telephone operator 
Mr 
Juan 
Luis 
López 
Cardenete 
Omi Group 
Director, chairperson of the audit 
and compliance committee and 
member of the remunerations and 
appointments committee 
Energy trading 
Tomir 2011, S.L. 
Director 
Investments 
Ithaka Partners, S.L. 
Senior advisor 
Investments 
Diario Expansión  
Member of the advisory board 
Media and press 
Rhein Ruhr Immobilien GmbH 
Managing director 
Real estate 
Smartener, S.L. 
Director 
Renewable energies 
Aquanex Servicio Domiciliario del 
Agua de Extremadura, S.A. 
Chairperson 
Water and utility 
Ms 
Karen 
Christiana 
Figueres 
Global Optimism, Ltd. 
Co-founder 
Climate change policy 
and analysis 
Impossible Foods, Inc. 
Director 
Food industry 
Mr 
Alejandro 
Mariano 
Werner Wainfeld 
Western Hemisphere Department of 
the International Monetary Fund 
(IMF) 
Director 
Global 
monetary 
organization 
Ms Inés Elvira Andrade 
Moreno 
Altamar Capital Partners, S.L. 
Vice-chairperson and partner 
Asset 
management 
/ 
Investment 
Inversiones José Antolin Toledano, 
S.L. (INJAT) 
External advisor 
Family office 
Técnicas Reunidas, S.A. 
Independent director and member 
Engineering 
and

--- Page 98 ---
89
Director 
Entity 
Position 
Sector 
of 
the 
appointments 
and 
remunerations committee 
construction 
Ms 
María 
Salgado 
Madriñán 
Cleantech Camp 
Mentor 
Business 
accelerator 
(Cleantech solutions for 
energy sector) 
Mr 
Rosauro 
Varo 
Rodríguez 
Pepe Energy 
Founder 
Electricity 
GAT Inversiones 
Chairperson 
Investment 
El 
León 
De 
El 
Español 
Publicaciones, S.A. 
Member 
Media 
Grupo PRISA 
Vice-chairperson, member of the 
executive 
commission; 
chairperson 
of 
the 
digital 
transformation 
committee 
and 
member of the appointments and 
remunerations committee 
Media and entertainment 
PepePhone 
Vice-chairperson 
Telecommunications 
Ms María Fanjul Suárez 
Klarna Holding, AB 
Member of the advisory board 
Fintech 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the 
Guarantor of the members of the Board of Directors and their private interests and or other duties. 
One of the independent directors of the Guarantor, Mr Juan Luis López Cardenete, is currently a member of the 
board of directors of Smartener S.L., a company that operates in the same industry as the Acciona Energía 
Group. The legal department of the Guarantor analysed this situation and concluded that it did not generate a 
conflict of interest for Mr Juan Luis López Cardenete as independent director of the Guarantor in attention to 
the different dimension and market position of the companies. In addition, on 26 May 2021, Acciona, as, at that 
time, sole shareholder of the Guarantor authorised Mr Juan Luis López Cardenete to continue holding the 
position of director in said company.  
Any conflict of interest will be subject to the Guarantor’s Board of Directors Regulations and Securities Markets 
Code of Conduct. Pursuant to the Guarantor’s Board of Directors Regulations, each member of the Board of 
Directors is required to report to the Board of Directors any circumstances that may give rise to a conflict of 
interest, direct or indirect, with the Guarantor.  Additionally, directors should abstain from engaging in 
commercial or professional transactions which may give rise to a conflict of interest, without having first 
informed and received approval from the Board of Directors or the Shareholders’ General Meeting, as the case 
may be, which shall request a report from the Audit and Sustainability Committee. Such authorisation shall not 
be necessary for transactions entered into with the Guarantor which are not deemed to be related party 
transactions under applicable law or which authorisation may be delegated by the Board of Directors, in which 
case the Guarantor will establish control mechanisms for monitoring compliance therewith. 
Share capital and major shareholders 
The current share capital of the Guarantor is €329,250,589, represented by 329,250,589 shares with a par value 
of €1 each, forming a single class. The share capital is fully paid up. 
The largest shareholders of the Guarantor as of the date of this Base Prospectus are: 
Shareholder 
% shareholding 
Acciona, S.A. 
85% 
Source: Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish National Securities Market Commission)

--- Page 99 ---
90
On 26 May 2021, Acciona and the Guarantor entered into a framework agreement (the “Framework 
Agreement”). The Framework Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and exceptions set out therein, the 
Acciona Group shall carry out the activities related to the promotion, design, development, and exploitation of 
electricity-generation facilities through renewable-energy sources and the other activities describe in the 
Framework Agreement pertaining to the Acciona Energía Group’s business worldwide exclusively through the 
Acciona Energía Group. Additionally, the Acciona Energía Group and the rest of Acciona Group may enter into 
related party transactions subject to applicable law and the requirements of the Framework Agreement.  
The 
Framework 
Agreement 
is 
available 
for 
inspection 
on 
the 
Guarantor’s 
website, 
at 
https://procoazrbolsast01.blob.core.windows.net/media/pmpm1fnm/framework-agreement-caer.pdf.  
Recent Developments 
On 26 March 2021, the Issuer entered into a €2.5 billion syndicated facility guaranteed by the Guarantor. The 
financing is divided into three tranches: tranche A for a maximum amount of €1.0 billion, tranche B for a 
maximum amount of €1.0 billion and tranche C for a maximum amount of €500 million. Tranches A and B both 
mature on 26 May 2024 and tranche C matures on 26 May 2026. On 8 July 2021, the Issuer drew an amount of 
approximately €1,568.5 million under the syndicated facility to cancel substantially all financial liabilities of 
the Acciona Energía Group with Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A. and other companies of the Acciona Group 
outside the Acciona Energía Group. See “Integrated value chain – Project structuring”.

--- Page 100 ---
91
TAXATION 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult with their own professional 
advisers. 
Taxation in Spain 
The following summary describes the main Spanish tax implications arising in connection with the acquisition, 
holding and disposal of the Notes by individuals or entities who are the beneficial owners of the Notes (the 
“Noteholders” and each a “Noteholder”). 
All the tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that the Notes are initially 
registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences, including 
those under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, of purchasing, owning and disposing of 
Notes. 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently 
applicable in the Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect.  
1
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) of general application, First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on regulation, supervision 
and solvency of credit entities (“Law 10/2014”) and Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the 
General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules 
of the procedures to apply taxes (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”), as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, 
of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1145/2011”); 
(b) for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are Personal Income Tax (“PIT”) tax payers, Law 
35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the “PIT Law”), and Royal Decree 
439/2007, of 30 March approving the PIT Regulations which develop the PIT Law, as amended, along 
with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax ( the “Wealth Tax Law”), as amended most recently by Law 
11/2020, of 30 December, and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended; 
(c) for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) taxpayers, 
Law 27/2014 of 27 November on Corporate Income Tax, as amended (the “CIT Law”), and Royal Decree 
634/2015, of 10 July, promulgating the CIT Regulations, as amended (the “CIT Regulations”); and 
(d) for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident Income 
Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the Consolidated 
Text of the NRIT Law (the “NRIT Law”), as amended and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, 
promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended along with the Wealth Tax Law as amended and Law 
29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended.

--- Page 101 ---
92
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt 
from indirect taxes in Spain, for example, exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the 
consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt 
from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, regulating such tax. 
2
Spanish tax resident individuals 
2.1
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer of the Notes constitute a return on 
investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 
25.2 of the PIT Law, and must be included in the PIT savings taxable base of each investor and taxed currently 
at 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000; 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000;
23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000; and 26 per cent. for taxable income 
exceeding €200,000.  
As a general rule, both types of income may be subject to the corresponding withholding tax on account of 
Spanish PIT, at the applicable tax rate (currently 19 per cent.). However, Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, establishes information procedures applicable to debt instruments 
issued under Law 10/2014 (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) under which interest 
payments will be paid by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent free of withholding tax, provided that such information 
procedures are complied with, as described in “Disclosure Obligations in connection with payments on the 
Notes”.  
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks relating 
to withholding – Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation”. 
Nevertheless, withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) may have to be deducted by other 
entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax purposes in 
Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory.  
Amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their final PIT liability. 
2.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain will be subject to Wealth Tax, to the extent that their net worth exceeds 
€700,000, at the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5%, without prejudice to any relevant exemption 
which may apply and the relevant laws and regulations in force in each autonomous region of Spain. Therefore, 
they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as of December 31.  
In accordance with Law 11/2020, of 30 December 2020, approving the National Budget for 2021, Wealth Tax 
has been reinstated for an indefinite period from 2021 onwards. 
2.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or State rules (subject to any regional tax exemptions being available to them). The applicable 
effective tax rates currently range between 7.65 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. (subject to any specific regional 
rules), depending on relevant factors.

--- Page 102 ---
93
3
Spanish tax resident legal entities 
3.1
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer of the Notes must be included as 
taxable income of Spanish tax resident legal entities for CIT purposes in accordance with the rules for this tax, 
being typically subject to the standard rate of 25 per cent., with lower or higher rates applicable to certain 
categories of taxpayers.   
According to Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, the Issuer is not 
obliged to withhold any tax amount on interest payments made under the Notes provided that the new simplified 
information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the Fiscal 
Agent, as described in section “Disclosure Obligations in connection with Payments on the Notes”. 
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks relating 
to withholding – Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation”. 
Income derived from the transfer of the Notes shall not be subject to withholding tax as provided by Section 
61(s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes satisfy the requirements laid down 
by the reply to the Directorate General for Taxation’s (Dirección General de Tributos) consultation, on 27 July 
2004, indicating that in the case of issuances made by entities with tax residency in Spain (as in the case of each 
of the Issuers), application of the exemption requires that the Notes be placed outside Spain in another OECD 
country and traded on organised markets in OECD countries.  
Amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their final CIT liability 
3.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
3.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market value of 
the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes. 
4
Individuals and legal entities tax resident outside Spain 
4.1
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(A) 
Acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who 
is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes 
shall be, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. 
(B) 
Not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, 
and who are NRIT taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT, on the 
same terms laid down for income from public debt.

--- Page 103 ---
94
In order for the exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with certain information obligations 
relating to the Notes, in the manner detailed below under “Disclosure obligations in connection with 
payments on the Notes” as laid down in Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal 
Decree 1145/2011. If these information obligations are not complied with in the manner indicated, the 
Issuer will withhold 19 per cent. and the Issuer will not pay additional amounts.  
Non-Resident investors entitled to the exemption from NRIT but where the Issuer does not timely 
receive the information about the Notes in accordance with the procedure described in detail below under 
“Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes” would have to apply directly to the 
Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set 
forth in the Spanish NRIT Law. 
4.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the Wealth 
Tax will not be generally subject to such tax on the Notes. Otherwise, under current Wealth Tax Law, non-
Spanish resident individuals whose Spanish properties and rights are located in Spain (or that can be exercised 
within the Spanish territory) and exceed €700,000 could be subject to Wealth Tax during year 2021, the 
applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. However, as the income derived from the Notes 
is exempted from NRIT, any non-resident individuals holding the Notes as of 31 December 2021 will be 
exempted from Spanish Wealth Tax in respect of such holding.  
Legal entities tax resident outside Spain are not subject to Spanish Wealth Tax.
4.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, gift 
or legacy, and who are tax resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to Inheritance and Gift Tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to Inheritance and 
Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable Spanish regional and State legislation. 
Legal entities not tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to NRIT (as described above). 
If the entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the provisions of such 
treaty will apply. In general, double tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of 
residence of the beneficiary. 
5
Payments under the Guarantees 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantees may be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction on account of any Spanish tax. 
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, even if the 
Spanish tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has effectively assumed all the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantees, and that accordingly they shall be classified 
as interest payments for Spanish tax purposes, they should determine that payments made by the Guarantor 
relating to interest on the Notes will be subject to the same tax rule previously set out for payments made by 
the Issuer (i.e. payable free of withholding tax provided that the relevant information obligations outlined in 
“Disclosure obligation in connection with payments on the Notes” below are complied with).

--- Page 104 ---
95
6
Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes 
The Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to gather certain information relating to the Notes. In accordance 
with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, certain information with 
respect to the Notes must be submitted to the Issuer at the time of each payment (or, alternatively, before the 
tenth calendar day of the month following the month in which the relevant payment is made). 
Such information includes the following: 
(a) Identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made;  
(b) the date on which the relevant payment is made; 
(c) total amount of income from the Notes; 
(d) total amount of income (either from interest payments or redemption) corresponding to each clearing 
house located outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a certificate the 
form of which is attached as Annex I to this Base Prospectus. In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes by the 
close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding each relevant Payment Date. If, despite these 
procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Issuer on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold 
tax at the then-applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of interest payable in respect of the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
If, before the tenth day of the month following the month in which interest is paid, the Fiscal Agent provides 
such information, the Issuer will reimburse the amounts withheld. 
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks relating 
to withholding – Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation”. 
The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not accept any responsibility relating to the procedures established 
for the collection of information concerning the Notes and they will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered 
by any holder who would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income 
payments are nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because these procedures prove ineffective. 
Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. See “Risk 
Factors”. The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, which may be inspected upon reasonable notice, at the specified offices of the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent. Should any withholding tax be levied in Spain, holders of the Notes should note that they 
may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any tax refund which may be available to them.  
In the event that the currently applicable procedures were modified, amended or supplemented by, amongst 
others, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the Issuer will inform 
the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, as the Issuer may be required to apply 
withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes if the Noteholders would not comply with such 
information procedures. In such case, the Issuer will not pay additional amounts with respect to the Notes as a 
result of the imposition of such withholding tax, as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will only hold the Spanish language version of the relevant 
certificate as the valid one for all purposes.

--- Page 105 ---
96
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions including Spain have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign pass thru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for the purpose of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions – 
Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 106 ---
97
Annex I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de 
desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real 
Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de las 
actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de 
los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (...)(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad declarante), 
con número de identificación fiscal (....)(1) y domicilio en (...) en calidad de (marcar la letra que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification number 
(....)(1) and address in (...) as (function - mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled 
in the Spanish territory. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Paying Agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros:  
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1  
Identificación de los valores ........................................................................................................................  
1.1 
Identification of the securities .......................................................................................................................  
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
 .......................................................................................................................................................................  
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) ..........................  
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados) ...........................................................................................................  
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount 
or are segregated) ..........................................................................................................................................

--- Page 107 ---
98
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga 
una Entidad Gestora 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved  
1.5  
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
1.5  
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2. 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores ........................................................................................................................  
2.1  
Identification of the securities .......................................................................................................................  
2.2  
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
 .......................................................................................................................................................................  
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) ...................... 
2.3  
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados .................................................................................................................................................  
2.3  
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated).....................................................................................................................................................   
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en ………………………… a ........ de …………. de …........ 
I declare the above in……………………on the ...... of …………... of …….... 
(1)En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el número o código 
de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
(1)In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be included the number 
or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 108 ---
99
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banca March, S.A., Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco de Sabadell, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bankinter, S.A., Bestinver Sociedad 
de Valores, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan 
Stanley Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V., UniCredit Bank AG and Société Générale (the “Dealers”). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased 
by, Dealers are set out in a dealer agreement dated 20 July 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Dealers (the “Dealer Agreement”). Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form 
and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers 
and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA 
is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U. S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U. S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes and the Guarantees, (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the 
case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes 
of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such 
Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U. S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes and the Guarantees within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes and the Guarantees within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by

--- Page 109 ---
100
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(ii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms  in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 110 ---
101
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(i) 
 at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;
(ii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression 
UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or

--- Page 111 ---
102
(B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer;
(b) Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
and 
(c) General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed that an offering of Notes 
may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has 
not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result 
in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese 
governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, 
“Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan. 
Kingdom of Spain 
The Dealers have represented and agreed that the Notes will not be offered, sold or distributed, nor will any 
subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offer of securities in Spain within the meaning of the Spanish Securities Market Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 
4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as 
amended and restated, or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities 
laws. Neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore the Base Prospectus is not intended 
for any public offer of the Notes in Spain. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other 
document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:

--- Page 112 ---
103
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) (“Qualified Investors”), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
Financial Services Act) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999 (the “Regulation 11971/1999”), all as amended from time to time; or 
(b) in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers of securities to be made to the public 
offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998 (“Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter of the Regulation 11971/1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes in the Republic of Italy or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, 
any Final Terms or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) and (b) above 
must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended; and
(ii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)  a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)  a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 113 ---
104
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v) as specified in Regulation 37(A) of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities-based 
Derivative Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), prior to making any offering 
of Notes, the Issuer shall make a determination in relation to each issue of Notes, and notify all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), whether the Notes are (i) either ‘prescribed capital markets products’ 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) or capital markets products other than ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (ii) either ‘Excluded Investment Products’ or ‘Specified 
Investment Products’ (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief 
with all applicable securities laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 114 ---
105
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of the 
Programme was authorised by the resolutions of the board of directors of the Guarantor passed on 26 May 2021. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the joint directors of the Issuer passed 
on 21 June 2021. 
Significant/Material change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor has there been any significant 
change in its financial position or performance since 24 March 2021, being the date of incorporation of the Issuer. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries taken as a whole 
since 31 December 2020, being the date of the most recently published audited consolidated annual accounts of 
the Guarantor, and there has been no significant change in the financial position or performance of the Guarantor 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 March 2021, being the date of the most recently published 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Guarantor. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Saved as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Guarantor – Litigation”, neither of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor nor any of the members of the Acciona Energía Group is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer or the Guarantor are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or 
have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of any of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Acciona Energía Group. 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of the Acciona Energía Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
Independent Auditors to the Guarantor 
The consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 have been audited by KPMG Auditores, S.L., registered in the Official Registry of Auditors 
(Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas) under number S0702. The registered office of KPMG Auditores, 
S.L. is Paseo de la Castellana, 259C, 28046 Madrid, Spain. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third-party information is identified where used.

--- Page 115 ---
106
Listing 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated 
market. However, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Documents on display 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent or at www.acciona-energia.com:  
(i)
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantees and the forms of Global Notes, Definitive 
Notes, Coupons and Talons;
(ii)
a copy of this Base Prospectus, any future prospectuses, supplements, Final Terms (save that Final Terms 
relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) and any documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference, and 
(iii)
the by-laws of the Issuer and the Guarantor (together with an English translation thereof). 
The English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Guarantor 
for the three month period ended 31 March 2021 together with the English translation of the auditor’s limited 
review report thereon, and the English translations of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor 
for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, together with the English translations of the 
respective auditor’s reports thereon, can be accessed on the addresses on the Guarantor’s website set out in 
“Documents incorporated by reference”. 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement prospectus and the Final Terms for notes listed on Euronext Dublin will 
also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
The Green Financing Framework, including any changes thereto, and the Second-party Opinion will be 
available on Acciona Group’s website at the addresses set out in “Use of Proceeds” and “Description of the 
Guarantor – Sustainability – Green Financing Framework”.  
The Framework Agreement will be available for inspection on the Guarantor’s website at the address set out 
in“Description of the Guarantor – Share capital and major shareholders”.

--- Page 116 ---
107
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
LEI 
The legal entity identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 254900CO48EPLIMJDK17.  
The legal entity identifier (“LEI”) of the Guarantor is 254900UPX0OEHTKB9Y44.

--- Page 117 ---
108
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal 
Avenida de Europa 10 
28108 Alcobendas 
Madrid 
Spain 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A. 
Avenida de Europa 10 
28108 Alcobendas 
Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Edificio Asia 
c/ Sauceda 28 
28050 Madrid  
Spain
DEALERS 
Banca March, S.A. 
Avenida Alejandro Rosselló 8 
07002 Palma de Mallorca 
Spain 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
Avenida Óscar Esplá 37 
03007 Alicante 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11 
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1 
28027 Madrid  
Spain 
Bankinter, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana 29 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Bestinver Sociedad de Valores, S.A. 
Velázquez 140, 2º 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 118 ---
109
BofA Securities Europe SA  
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia  
Spain 
Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052  92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 - 20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Hanover Building 
Windmill Lane 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 119 ---
110
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana 259 C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law 
Simmons & Simmons LLP
Miguel Ángel 11 
28010 Madrid  
Spain