--- Page 1 ---
Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)
€3,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Guaranteed by 
Acciona, S.A.
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Acciona 
Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time 
to time issue notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €3,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified below and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis 
(each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). Payments under the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Acciona, S.A 
(the “Guarantor”).
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public 
in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” 
(and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
The validity of this Base Prospectus shall expire on 5 May 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies, does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Each Tranche of Notes (as described below) will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” as completed 
by a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central 
Bank on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the Notes).
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors”.
The Notes will be in bearer form. The Notes of each Tranche will be represented on issue by a temporary global note or a permanent global 
note (each a “Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note form, they will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are not issued in new global note form will be deposited on the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. See “Form of the Notes”.
DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”) has assigned a long-term corporate credit rating of “BBB” and a short-term rating of “R-2 (middle)” 
to the Guarantor and a “BBB” rating to the Programme. DBRS is established in the European Economic Area and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by DBRS or other rating agency or 
be unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. 
The rating(s), if any, of a certain series of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Dealers
Banca March
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Banco Sabadell
Bestinver
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities
CaixaBank
Crédit Agricole CIB
HSBC
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo
ING
J.P. Morgan
Morgan Stanley
NatWest Markets 
Santander
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
UniCredit
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 May 2022

--- Page 3 ---
iii
IMPORTANT NOTICE
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import.
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Arranger or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in 
the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented, or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented, or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and other offering materials in relation to the Notes, see “Subscription 
and Sale”.
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently

--- Page 4 ---
iv
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.
Notification under section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final terms in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on recommendations on Investment 
Products).
Canadian notice to investors – The Notes may be sold in Canada on a private placement basis only to 
purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in

--- Page 5 ---
v
National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and 
are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and 
Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment hereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) or any other 
benchmark, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the 
administrator of EURIBOR, EMMI, is included on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the 
“ESMA Benchmarks Register”) established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU 
Benchmark Regulation”).
Notes issued under the Programme will have the benefit of an English law governed deed of guarantee dated 
5 May 2022 (the “English Law Guarantee”) or a Spanish law governed guarantee dated 5 May 2022 (the 
“Spanish Law Guarantee” and, together with the English Law Guarantee, the “Guarantee”). Payments 
under the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the English 
Law Guarantee unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are guaranteed pursuant to the 
Spanish Law Guarantee.
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Spanish tax implications and procedures in 
connection with an investment in the Notes (see “Risk Factors – Risks in relation to the Notes – Risk in 
relation to Spanish taxation” and “Taxation – Taxation in Spain”). No comment is made or advise is given by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers in respect of taxation matters relating to the Notes. 
Investors must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax 
treatment of their Notes.
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing,
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan facilities and/or

--- Page 6 ---
vi
securitization transactions) and other related transactions with, and may perform financial and non-financial 
activities and services for, the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank 
loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their affiliates. Certain of 
the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the Guarantor routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to them consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent 
companies. 
In relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be payable to 
the relevant Dealers.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
final terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
INFORMATION RELATING TO “GREEN BONDS”
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes which are categorised as “Green 
Bonds” whose net proceeds are intended by the Issuer to be applied for the purposes of financing and/or 
refinancing, in whole or in part, green projects (as defined in the Green Financing Framework of the Group). 
In such circumstances, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, or referred to, 
under the section of the Base Prospectus headed “Use of Proceeds” and “Description of the Guarantor –
Sustainability” and the paragraph “Reasons for the offer – Use of Proceeds” of the relevant Final Terms and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any other investigation such 
investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of 
their own circumstances. 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, the Group has developed a green 
financing framework (such green financing framework, together with any amendment or supplement thereto 
and/or any future green financing framework adopted by the Group, the “Green Financing Framework”)

--- Page 7 ---
vii
and has requested a provider of second-party opinions to issue a second-party opinion (such second party 
opinion, together with any amendment or supplement thereto and/or any further second party opinion issued 
in connection with the Group’s Green Financing Framework, the “Second Party Opinion”). Such Green 
Financing Framework and Second-party Opinion (together with any amendment or supplement thereof and 
future Green Financing Framework or Second-party Opinion) will be available for inspection in the 
Sustainable Finance and Debt Issuances sections of the Group’s website, at www.acciona.com.
However any information on, or accessible through, its website and the information in the Green Financing 
Framework and the Second Party Opinion is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in 
connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the 
Group, the Dealers or any other member of their group, or any second party opinion provider as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion of any third party in connection with the 
offering of any Green Bonds under the Programme. Any such document, opinion, report or certification and 
any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
INTERPRETATION
All references in this Base Prospectus to “euro” refer to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended from time to time.
In this Base Prospectus the words “Group” or “Acciona Group” refer to the Guarantor and its consolidated 
subsidiaries.
As used in this Base Prospectus, the term “IFRS-EU” refers to the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union.
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
Certain financial measures presented by the Group in this Base Prospectus are not defined in accordance with 
IFRS-EU accounting standards. The Group believes that these alternative performance measures (as defined 
in the European Securities and Markets Authority guidelines (the “ESMA Guidelines”) on Alternative 
Performance Measures (“APMs”) provide useful supplementary information to both investors and to the
Group’s management to assess the Acciona Group’s performance. However, investors should note that, since 
not all companies calculate financial measures, such as the APMs presented by the Group in this Base 
Prospectus, in the same manner, these are not always directly comparable to performance metrics used by 
other companies. Additionally, the APMs presented by the Group in this Base Prospectus are unaudited and 
have not been prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU or any other accounting standards. Accordingly, these 
financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS-EU. The Group
considers that the following metrics (which are set out below along with their reconciliation, to the extent that 
such information is not defined according to IFRS-EU) presented in this Base Prospectus constitute APMs for 
the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines:
“EBITDA” is defined as operating income before depreciation and amortisation and variations in provisions, 
and it therefore shows the operating result of the Group. It is calculated based on the following consolidated

--- Page 8 ---
viii
income statement items: Revenue, Other revenue, Change in inventories of finished goods and work in 
progress, Cost of goods sold, Personnel expenses, Other operating expenses and Equity method profit/(loss) -
analogous.
“Financial gearing” reflects the ratio of the Group's Net Financial Debt to equity. It is calculated by dividing 
Net Financial Debt (calculated as explained below) by equity.
“Gross Ordinary Capex” is defined as the period increase in the balance of property, plant and equipment, 
other intangible assets, non-current financial assets, investments accounted for using the equity method, 
investment property , and rights of use under financial leasing contracts, adjusted for the following items: 
-
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments for the period
-
Year’s profit/(loss) of companies accounted for using the equity method
-
Profit/(loss) on disposals of non-current assets
-
Changes due to fluctuations in exchange rates
In the case of changes in the consolidation perimeter, gross ordinary capex is defined as the change in net 
financial debt excluding IFRS 16 arising from a transaction.
“Net Financial Debt” shows the Group’s debt, in net terms, deducting cash and current financial assets. It is 
calculated based on the following consolidated balance sheet items: non-current and current Bank borrowings, 
Debentures and other marketable securities and Lease obligations, less Cash and cash equivalents and Other 
current financial assets.
“Net Ordinary Capex” is defined as Gross Ordinary Capex plus or minus changes in other payables due to 
suppliers of property, plant, and equipment providers.
The Group uses these APMs to make financial, operational or planning decisions. They are also used to 
evaluate the performance of the Group and its subsidiaries. 
The Group considers these APMs provide useful additional financial information to evaluate the performance 
of the Group and its subsidiaries as well as for decision-making by the users of the financial information. 
Certain additional APMs are used in, and defined by, the directors’ reports of the Guarantor for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, both of which are incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus (see “Documents incorporated by reference”).

--- Page 9 ---
ix
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME.............................................................................................................. 1
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 6
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.....................................................................................20
FORM OF THE NOTES...................................................................................................................................24
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................27
FORM OF FINAL TERMS...............................................................................................................................58
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM.....................72
USE OF PROCEEDS........................................................................................................................................74
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................75
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ........................................................................................................76
TAXATION.......................................................................................................................................................86
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..........................................................................................................................94
GENERAL INFORMATION..........................................................................................................................100

--- Page 10 ---
1
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview is qualified by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. Capitalised terms which are defined in “Form of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” have the same meaning when used in this overview. References to numbered Conditions are to the
terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) as set out under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”.
Issuer
Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
Issuer legal entity identifier
959800MWMYPJ4TSSW126
Guarantor
Acciona, S.A.
Guarantor legal entity 
identifier
54930002KP75TLLLNO21
Risk Factors
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
See “Risk Factors”.
Description
Euro Medium Term Note Programme.
Size
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time.
Arranger
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Dealers
Banca March, S.A., Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco de
Sabadell, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bestinver Sociedad de Valores, 
S.A., BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, HSBC Continental 
Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V., UniCredit Bank 
AG and Société Générale. The Issuer may from time to time terminate 
the appointment of any Dealer or appoint new Dealers, either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes.
Fiscal Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.
Irish Listing Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Dublin Branch.
Method of issue
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) issued on different issue dates. 
The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms. The specific terms of 
each Tranche will be completed in the final terms (the “Final 
Terms”).
Issue Price
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.

--- Page 11 ---
2
Form of the Notes
Notes will be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new 
global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new 
global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any 
exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any 
payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, 
have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
Clearing Systems
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
Currencies
Any currency, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulations.
Maturity
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulations.
Denomination
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case of any Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered 
to the public in an EEA State in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of 
less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will 
have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).
Fixed Rate Notes
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
3
Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series:
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (A) 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) or (B) the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) 
(and any successor thereto), as published by ISDA on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series; or
(b) by reference to EURIBOR, as adjusted for any applicable margin.
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.
Redemption
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws 
and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one year in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of 
the FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies).
Optional redemption
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders.
Maturity Call Option and 
Clean-Up Call Option
The applicable Final Terms in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer pursuant to an Issuer Maturity Call Option or a 
Clean-up Call Option. See Condition 6(e) (Issuer Maturity Call 
Option) and Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Call Option).
Change of Control
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the holders upon the occurrence of a Change of Control 
as further described in Condition 6(h) (Redemption or purchase at the 
option of Noteholders following a Change of Control (Change of 
Control Put Option).

--- Page 13 ---
4
Status of the Notes
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions 
as may be provided by applicable legislation and (subject to Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of the Issuer, present and future.
Guarantee
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the English Law Guarantee unless the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are guaranteed pursuant 
to the Spanish Law Guarantee.
Status of the Guarantee
The Guarantee constitutes (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. The payment obligations of 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall, save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation and (subject to Condition 4
(Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of the Guarantor, present and future.
Negative Pledge
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge, as described in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge).
Cross default
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default provision, as 
described in Condition 10 (Events of Default).
Tax redemption
The Issuer may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole but not in part, 
at their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to 
the date of redemption if the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
certain tax laws and regulations and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the issuer taking reasonable measures to it. See Condition 6(c)
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons).
Withholding tax
The payment of interest and other amounts in respect of the Notes will 
be made free of withholding taxes in Spain, unless such taxes are 
required by law to be withheld. In such case the Issuer will pay 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
receivable by the Noteholder after such deduction or withholding shall 
equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable by such 
Noteholder in the absence of such deduction or withholding; except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in certain circumstances set 
out in the Conditions. See Condition 8 (Taxation).
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1145/2011, it is not 
obliged to withhold any tax amount provided that the simplified 
information procedures (which do not require identification of the 
Noteholders) are complied with by the Fiscal Agent, as described in 
“Taxation – Taxation in Spain – Disclosure obligations in connection 
with payments on the Notes”.

--- Page 14 ---
5
In the event that the currently applicable procedures are, after the date of 
this Base Prospectus, modified, amended or supplemented by any 
Spanish law or regulation, or any ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities 
(Dirección General de Tributos), the Issuer will inform the Noteholders 
of any such change in the information procedures and of any 
implications such changes may have for the Noteholders. In particular, 
there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not be required to apply 
withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes as a result of any 
such changes in the information procedures. In such event, the Issuer 
would not pay any additional amounts.
For further information, see “Risk Factors – Risks in relation to Spanish 
taxation ”, Condition 8 (Taxation) and “Taxation – Taxation in Spain –
Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes”.
Governing law
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the English Law 
Guarantee and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. The Spanish Law Guarantee and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law. The status 
of the Notes and the Guarantee as described in Condition 3 (Status) is
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law.
The Courts of England will have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes or the English 
Law Guarantee. The Spanish Courts will have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Spanish Law 
Guarantee.
Listing
Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. The applicable Final Terms will 
state the stock exchanges or markets on which the relevant Notes are to 
be listed or admitted to trading.
Ratings
The Programme has been rated “BBB” by DBRS. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by DBRS 
or other rating agency or be unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency
Selling Restrictions
United States, EEA, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Japan, Kingdom of 
Spain, Republic of Italy, Switzerland and Singapore. See “Subscription 
and Sale”.

--- Page 15 ---
6
RISK FACTORS
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the 
business of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industry in which they operate together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section.
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes but are the material risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be the most 
relevant to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. 
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, or that they currently deem immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have 
a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all 
or part of their investment. Prospective investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the 
Instruments is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and their personal circumstances. 
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Issuer, as a member of the Acciona Group, and to the 
Guarantor.
The Acciona Group is affected by a series of risk factors that affect exclusively the Group, as well as a series 
of external factors that are common to businesses of the same sector. The main risks and uncertainties faced 
by the Group, which could affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows are 
set out below and must be considered jointly with the information set out in the consolidated annual accounts 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.
These risks are currently considered by Acciona Group to be specific to the Group and material for taking an 
informed investment decision in respect of the Notes. However, the Acciona Group is subject to other risks 
that have not been included in this section based on the Acciona Group's assessment of their probability of 
occurrence and the potential magnitude of their impact.
Risks in relation to the business of Acciona Group 
Business in a highly regulated environment and the need to obtain permits, licenses and 
authorizations to carry out the Group’s activities
The Acciona Group is subject to extensive regulation that governs the performance of many of its activities in 
the countries where the Group operates, including for the construction, development and operation of wind 
farms, solar plants and other power plants, the development of infrastructures and other civil works or the 
awarding and operation of concessions, and also the remuneration that the Group can obtain from those 
activities. In addition, the Group is subject to significant demands with respect to obtaining and complying 
with the requirements of permits, licenses and authorizations, which may take the form of urban planning 
authorisations (such as construction permits), mandatory environmental impact assessments or studies, 
production and operation authorisations, authorisations to connect to the grid and other specific authorisations 
related to the presence of protected sites in proximity to the Group’s projects. The process of obtaining 
permits, licenses and authorisations may be long, complex and expensive. This exposes the Group to costs 
and liabilities relating to, among others, the Group’s operations and the management of its projects.

--- Page 16 ---
7
The Group’s failure to comply or ensure compliance of its installations with any applicable laws and 
regulations, or to maintain any required licenses, permits or other authorisations, may result in sanctions by 
regulatory authorities and/or the halting of projects that are already in operation. In addition, any breach of the 
Group’s regulatory obligations, or even incidents that do not amount to a breach, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s reputation. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The group may be affected by liquidity and availability of funding risks
The Group’s activities are capital intensive and it needs to make significant investments to develop, construct 
and subsequently operate its projects. The Group’s ability to obtain additional financing, or to do it in 
acceptable terms, is dependent on numerous factors, including (i) general economic outlook and capital 
markets conditions; (ii) credit availability from banks and other financial institutions; and (iii) the Group’s 
financial performance. The Group’s failure to enter into new or replacement financing agreements or to obtain 
additional indebtedness may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and
results of operations. 
The Group can give no assurance that it will be able to continue to secure financing on acceptable terms, or at 
all, in the future. Financial markets can be subject to periods of volatility and shortages of liquidity, the 
frequency and intensity of which may be exacerbated by external factors, as evidenced in 2020 by the 
COVID-19 pandemic. If the Group is unable to access capital markets or obtain other sources of finance at 
competitive rates, or at all, for a prolonged period, the Group’s cost of financing may increase, its ability to 
fund its operations may be significantly impaired and its strategy may need to be reassessed (including with 
regards to its pipeline), which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
In addition to obtaining new funding, the Group may seek to refinance its existing debt. The Group can give 
no assurance of the availability of financing on acceptable terms to refinance its existing indebtedness. If new 
financing is not available or proves more expensive than in the past, the Group’s business, financial condition
and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
A deterioration in economic conditions worldwide and, particularly, in Spain, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations
The Group’s business is influenced by the economic conditions worldwide and particularly in Spain and other 
countries where it operates. Any adverse changes affecting the Spanish economy or the economy of the other 
countries in which the Group is present could have a negative impact on its revenues and/or increase its 
financing costs, circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group.
Spain, which accounted for a significant portion of the Group’s turnover for the year ended 31 December 
2021 progressed in recent years to control the public deficit and correct the country’s economic imbalances 
and growth resumed supported by external demand as well as higher domestic demand, reflecting improved 
financial conditions and rising confidence. The crisis derived from the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic 
and the measures implemented by governmental authorities around the world to reduce its spread, including 
isolation, confinement and restriction of free movement, the closing of public and private places except for 
premises providing essential and healthcare services, curfews, border restrictions and a drastic reduction in 
transport, abruptly and significantly deteriorated economic conditions worldwide, causing falls in production, 
volatility in financial markets and disruption of the normal flow of business operations in Spain and in other 
countries in which the Group operates. The measures adopted by governmental authorities and the diffusion 
of vaccines have mitigated the effects of COVID-19 but the emergence of new COVID-19 variants, such as

--- Page 17 ---
8
Omicron at the end of 2021, could prolong the pandemic and induce renewed economic disruptions affecting 
the Spanish economy or the economy of the countries in which the Group operates, circumstances which 
could have a negative impact on the Group’s consolidated revenues and increase the Group’s consolidated 
financing costs, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of operation of the Group.
The Spanish economy is particularly sensitive to economic conditions in the Eurozone and any distress in the 
European economic activity. The Eurozone has seen a rise of inflation, following a significant increase in 
energy prices and supply chain disruptions. The Eurozone economic activity may be further affected by the 
outbreak of the military conflict in Ukraine at the end of February 2022 and the geopolitical uncertainty 
originated by it or the potential for its scalation, or by the consequences and impact of the international 
economic sanctions imposed on Russia and Belarus as a result of it. The Group is not present in these 
countries but it has investments in neighboring Poland and a limited operation in Ukraine, consisting on 6 PV 
plants that produce 98 MW. Although its impact is highly uncertain, this conflict or the rising of other 
international tensions could cause upheaval in energy and commodity markets, increase the price of raw 
materials, affect trade or result in volatile capital markets or otherwise adversely affect financing conditions in 
Spain or the countries in which the Group operates, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group may be subject to risks in relation to its international operations and expansion
The Group operates an international business with presence in, among others, Australia, Brazil, Canada, 
Chile, Ecuador, India, Mexico, Norway, Poland, South Africa, Spain, United Arab Emirates and the United 
States of America. International operations expose the Group to different local political, regulatory, business 
and financial risks. The Group's overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon the ability to 
succeed in different economic, social and political conditions. The economies of these countries are in 
different stages of development and may have less stable political or legal environments, which pose specific 
risks related to exchange rate fluctuations, capital movement restrictions, inflation, political and economic 
instability and possible state expropriation of assets or difficulties to manage local teams or attract and retain 
qualified personnel, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
The Group plans to continue the geographical expansion of its business into new countries and markets. 
However, the Group may not achieve results in these new countries and markets similar to those achieved in 
the locations where it currently operates. Furthermore, the Group may have difficulty hiring experts or 
qualified executives or employees for the countries where it expands. Failure to successfully implement its 
international expansion plans could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.
The Group may be subject to environmental risks
The Group is subject to environmental regulations, which, amongst other things, require it to carry out 
environmental impact studies on future projects, to obtain regulatory licenses, permits and other approvals 
and to comply with the requirements of such licenses, permits and regulations. This exposes the Group to 
costs and liabilities relating to its operations, the management of its projects or the disposal of its waste. 
The Group is firmly committed to sustainable development and invests significant resources to complying 
with environmental laws and regulations. A stricter application of these laws and regulations, the entry into 
force of new laws, the discovery of previously unknown sources of pollution or the imposition of new or 
more stringent requirements may increase the Group’s costs and responsibilities, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, any breach

--- Page 18 ---
9
of its regulatory obligations, or even incidents that do not amount to a breach, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's results of operations and its reputation.
The Group may be subject to procurement risks
The Acciona Group requires different materials and components for the construction of its projects and, in 
certain cases (e.g. turbines for the energy business) relies on a limited number of suppliers. If the Group is not 
able to obtain materials and components for its projects that meet its quality, quantity and cost standards on 
time, the Group’s capacity to construct a project could be interrupted and its production costs could be 
increased. Furthermore, even well-maintained projects may from time to time experience technical problems 
or breakdowns as a result of various factors including erroneous installation or malfunction of components, 
which may require extensive repair. There is a risk that if the appropriate spare parts are not readily available, 
production may be delayed. Materials and components from new suppliers may also be less suitable for the 
Group’s technology and result in its projects having a lower availability rate, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Additionally, the cost of materials and components may increase or fluctuate due to numerous factors that are 
outside of the Group’s control, such as unfavourable changes in the costs of the natural resources needed for 
its activities which may be caused by the adoption of embargoes or other trade measure between 
governments, supply chain disruptions or other external events (such us the COVID-19 pandemic or as may 
result of the Ukraine conflict and the international sanctions imposed in connection with it). These 
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations.
Intense market competition may unfavourably affect the Group
The markets for the Group's businesses may change rapidly because of changes in customer requirements, 
technological innovations, prices, industry standards, government-driven actions and domestic and 
international economic factors. The markets for the Group’s business are highly competitive and are 
continually evolving, and the Group faces significant competition in each of the markets in which it operates. 
Competitors frequently bid aggressively in the tenders in which the Group participates, calculating their bids 
based on assumptions of low prices for project components, as well as low construction, maintenance, capital 
and other costs. Such bids may put downward pressure on the average sale price and may make it more 
difficult for the Group to submit winning bids at prices that ensure targeted or sufficient returns, in particular 
to cover the debt financing of the relevant projects. 
In addition, in each of the markets in which the Group operates, the Group faces competition from local as 
well as global participants, many of which benefit from extensive experience (both domestically and 
internationally) in the development and operation of electrical generation facilities, as well as from financial 
resources, technical capabilities or local awareness that may be comparable to or greater than the Group’s. 
Additionally, new competitors may decide to enter the Group’s market as a result of, among other factors, 
lower initial resource analysis and development costs in comparison with the average costs in these concepts 
in other energy industries. Increased competition may materially adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.
The Group may be subject to impairment losses
The Group has property, plant and equipment located in different geographical areas which are subject to 
different regulatory environments. In accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework, at the end 
of each financial year, the Group assesses whether there is any indication of possible impairment or any 
evidence of changes in the facts or circumstances that gave rise to the previously-recognized impairment and 
any changes in regulations or other aspects that could modify future cash flow expectations. Determining and

--- Page 19 ---
10
assessing these indicators involves significant estimates and assumptions by directors and management, and 
any failure in such determination and assessment could materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.
The Group may be subject to interest rate risks 
Interest rate risk is particularly important in relation to the financing of infrastructure projects, concession 
arrangements, construction of wind farms or other energy facilities and other projects in which the project’s 
cash flows and profitability are affected by possible changes in interest rates. The Group’s loans and lines of 
credit for the most part accrue interest referenced to Euribor for financing in euros, although some of the 
Group’s debt is also referenced to other indices such as Libor (in process of transition to SOFR) for debt in 
U.S. dollars and other indices. 
The Group uses derivatives to actively manage the interest rate risk and minimise its impact. The level of debt 
hedged in each project depends on the type of project and the country in which the investment is made. 
Should the policies implemented by the Group to mitigate the adverse effects caused by interest rate 
fluctuations prove to be inadequate, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may be subject to exchange rate risks
Due to the geographic reach of its business operations, the Group conducts business in various currencies, 
which exposes it to exchange rate risk. The Group is exposed to exchange rate risk primarily arising from debt 
assumed in foreign currencies, receivables referenced primarily to the evolution of currencies other than the 
euro and investments in foreign companies. To mitigate exchange rate risk, non-current assets in currencies 
other than the euro are financed in the same currency in which the assets are denominated and other 
transactions and cash flows in foreign currency are hedged.
Although the Group enters into hedging arrangements to cover exchange rate risk, there can be no assurance 
that any current or future hedging contracts will adequately protect the Group’s results of operations from the 
effects of exchange rate fluctuations or will not result in losses which could impair its ability to successfully 
compete in the market. Any of these risks could be exacerbated in periods of increased volatility in exchange 
rates such as that experienced in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group could be materially adversely as a 
result of any of the above risks.
The Group may be subject to litigation and other legal, administrative and regulatory 
proceedings
The Acciona Group is subject to the risk of legal claims and proceedings and regulatory enforcement actions 
in various jurisdictions arising in the ordinary course of its business and otherwise. See “Description of the 
Guarantor – Litigation”.
The Group is involved in legal proceedings from time to time and this situation may be exacerbated by any 
future growth of its operational portfolio. For example, the Group has, and may in the future have additional 
partners in projects who may initiate legal proceedings against the Group if it fails to perform its obligations 
under the contracts that the Group has or may have, with them, as applicable. Claims brought against the 
Group could include, among others, claims for late completion of the projects and claims for failure to deliver 
the agreed amount of energy. 
The results of legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Even if 
such proceedings are ultimately resolved in favour of the Group, they may divert a significant amount of its

--- Page 20 ---
11
resources and employees’ time or result in negative publicity, to the detriment of its business and reputation. 
Alternatively, such proceedings may result in substantial monetary damages, regulatory sanctions or even 
criminal sanctions, as well as damage to its reputation. There is no assurance that the results of current or 
future legal, administrative or regulatory proceedings or actions will not materially harm the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations, nor can it guarantee that it will not incur losses in 
connection with current or future legal, administrative or regulatory proceedings or actions that exceed any 
provisions that it may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or that exceed any available 
insurance coverage, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
Risks in relation to the energy business of Acciona Group
Difficulties in connecting to distribution or transmission grids or a lack of transmission capacity 
could impact the Group’s ability to build its projects and to sell the electricity that it generates
In order to sell the electricity generated by its energy projects, the Group must connect them to the public 
distribution grid and, to a lesser extent, the electrical transmission grid. The Group’s ability to build a project 
at a given location depends significantly on its ability to connect the project to the distribution and/or 
transmission grids. Successful connection to the grid depends on several factors, which vary from one country 
to another. These factors include, among others, the scope of the transmission infrastructure construction and 
the reliability and presence of local transmission infrastructure. There can be no assurance that the group will 
obtain adequate grid connections for its energy projects within the expected time periods and at the expected 
cost. Further, the Group may be affected by a lack of available capacity in the grid, due to congestion, grid 
manager restrictions, overproduction by connected facilities or excessive fluctuations in electricity market 
prices. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations.
The Group’s power purchase agreements may expose it to certain risks which may affect the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group’s projects often sell electricity under long term power purchase agreements (“PPA”) with 
counterparties, including government actors, state-owned and non-state owned utilities and corporate 
offtakers. Failure of PPA counterparties to fulfil their contractual obligations to the Group could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Further, the Group’s PPAs may be terminated by the relevant counterparty, subject to the payment of 
penalties, under certain circumstances such as material delays or lack of achievement of contracted energy 
volumes, amongst others. The termination of significant PPAs, particularly with respect to the Group’s larger 
power generating assets, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.
The maintenance, refurbishment and dismantling of the Group’s projects involve significant 
risks 
The operation of the Group’s energy projects involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of 
equipment or processes or performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. Periodically, the Group 
experiences failures or interruptions in the operation of its turbines or substations or other material 
components of its projects. Such failures and performance issues can stem from a number of factors, 
including human error, intentional damage, power outages, fires, lack of maintenance, general wear over time 
and other unexpected events. The Group may also be obligated to dismantle certain assets and restore the site 
to its original state.

--- Page 21 ---
12
Any unanticipated investments at the Group’s facilities, including in connection with the maintenance, 
refurbishment and dismantling of the Group’s projects, could result in reduced profitability, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Fluctuations in market electricity prices
Market electricity prices often exhibit high volatility and depend on a number of factors including, but not 
limited to, the level of demand, the time of day, carbon prices, the availability and cost of generating capacity 
available to meet demand, and the structure of the particular markets, including the rules that determine the 
order in which generating capacity is dispatched and factors affecting the volume of electricity that can be 
handled by the available transmission infrastructure at a given point in time. The prices at which the energy 
that the Group produces may be sold in the market depend in part on the relative cost, efficiency and 
investment needed to develop and operate conventional energy sources (including oil, coal, natural gas and 
nuclear energy) and renewable energy sources such as those that the Group operates. A decline in the costs of 
other sources of electricity, such as fossil fuels or nuclear power, could reduce the price of electricity. A 
significant amount of new electricity generation capacity becoming could also reduce the price of electricity.
There can be no assurance that market prices will remain at levels which enable the Group to maintain profit 
margins and desired rates of return on investment. A decline in market electricity prices could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The production of electricity from renewable resources depends heavily on weather conditions 
The production of the Group’s energy projects depends largely on natural resources, such as wind intensity or 
speed, solar irradiation or rainfall. Although the Group plans its projects based on meteorological historical 
patterns, these resources are outside of the Group’s control and may vary significantly over time. If 
unfavourable meteorological conditions were to occur, particularly over the long term, they could negatively 
affect the profitability of impacted projects, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.
Unfavourable changes in regulations or government policies in support of renewable energies 
could significantly affect the Group’s business
The Group’s business and, in general, renewable energy markets, including the development, construction and 
operation of projects, depend to a significant extent on the continued support of governmental and local 
authorities. These policies and mechanisms typically enhance the commercial and financial viability of 
renewable energy projects and often make it easier for developers to secure financing.
A number of factors could result in the reduction or discontinuation of government policies in support of 
renewable energy in the different jurisdictions in which the Group operates, including pressure to improve the 
competitiveness of renewable energy products, unfavourable changes, or uncertainty, in feed-in tariffs, 
political developments which could lead to a deterioration in the conditions for support for renewable 
energies; and legal challenges to subsidy regimes for renewable energy generation. Any of these 
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
In addition, public authorities in Spain and in other countries in which the Group is present are currently 
considering, or may consider in the future, new regulations or other measures to limit the increase of the price 
of electricity, either directly or through a limitation of the price of other energy sources, such as natural gas, or 
the market price of emission rights. These new regulations or measures could reduce or impact in other ways 
the revenues of the Group from the sale of electricity which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
13
Risks in relation to the construction and water business of Acciona Group
Decreases in the funds allocated to civil engineering projects
The civil engineering investments included in the annual budget for each of the countries where the Group is 
present or targeting depend principally on two factors: the government budgetary policy and the economic 
conditions existing at the time in each country. In Spain as well as in other countries in which the Acciona 
Group operates, the Group has experienced, and may experience in the future, a reduction in the market levels 
of tendered civil engineering works. Any decrease in the spending on development and execution of civil 
engineering projects by governments and local authorities could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. The delay, suspension or cancellation of private sector projects 
may also adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Reductions in project procurement
The construction business is highly competitive. In the tendering stage of any civil engineering works, the 
Group competes against various groups and companies, including large construction groups or engineering 
companies that may have more experience, resources or local awareness than the Group does. Furthermore, 
these groups and companies may have greater resources, whether material, technical or financial, or may 
demand lower returns on investment and be able to present better technical or economic bids.
In these circumstances, the Group may be unable to secure contracts for new civil engineering projects in the 
geographical areas in which it operates or be obliged to accept the execution of certain projects with lower 
returns than those obtained in the past. If the Group is unable to obtain sufficient contracts for new civil 
engineering projects or can only do it under less favourable terms, these circumstances could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Construction projects may be delayed or exceed their budget
All large-scale construction projects entail certain risks, such as shortages and the increased costs of materials, 
machinery and labour. In recent times, the rise of energy prices and disruption of supply chains have caused 
supply bottlenecks and scarcity or price increases of materials and components that the Group requires for its 
construction projects. Any failure by contractors and sub-contractors to meet the agreed deadlines and 
budgets, and any interruptions arising from adverse weather conditions or unexpected technical or 
environmental difficulties, or other circumstances, such as experienced in 2020 as a result of the Covid-19 
pandemic, may cause delays and excess construction costs. Construction agreements with contractors and 
sub-contractors tend to include contractor and sub-contractor liability clauses to cover these situations, 
although they may not cover all losses. Additionally, if there are delays, the Group may face a reduction of 
revenues, penalties and even termination of construction contracts, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.
Additional risks in relation to the water business of Acciona Group
Liability for environmental damages 
The Group’s water division develops and manages desalination plants, wastewater treatment plants, and 
infrastructures for the supply of drinking water and urban sanitation. In the event of malfunctions, certain 
discharges into the environment, environmental contamination or damages, these could result in significant 
liabilities being imposed for damages, clean-up costs or penalties. The Group’s insurance for environmental 
liability may not be sufficient or may not apply to any exposure to which it may be subject resulting from the 
type of environmental damage, and this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
14
Adverse public reaction to water and industrial waste management facilities 
Although to date the Group has not encountered major problems, it may face adverse public opinion to its 
water and waste recycling activities near inhabited areas, the expansion of such existing facilities or the 
construction of new facilities. These circumstances could result in restrictions to the current activities of the 
Group or its plans for future expansion, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and 
results of operations.
Risks in relation to credit ratings
The Group may be subject to risks in relation to the credit rating of the Guarantor
DBRS has assigned a long-term corporate credit rating of “BBB” and a short-term rating of “R-2 (middle)” to 
the Guarantor and a “BBB” rating to the Programme. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated by DBRS or other rating agency or be unrated.
There is no guarantee that the credit rating currently assigned to the Guarantor or the Programme, or any 
rating assigned to Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme, will be maintained over time, as credit 
ratings are periodically reviewed and updated. Therefore, these credit ratings may suffer downgrades and may 
be suspended or withdrawn at any time by the relevant credit rating agency. Such ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks discussed herein, and other factors that may affect the value of any Tranche of 
Notes. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In addition, credit ratings affect the cost 
as well as other conditions in relation to the financing of the Group. Any downgrade of the credit rating of the 
Guarantor would increase the borrowing costs of the Group and could restrict or limit the access to financial 
markets, which could adversely affect the liquidity of the Group and could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Risks relating to withholding
Risks in relation to Spanish taxation
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, sets out the reporting 
obligations applicable to preference shares and debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014. The procedures 
apply to interest deriving from preference shares and debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, including 
debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months. 
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, income derived from securities 
originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, and are recognised 
by Spanish law or by the law of another OECD country will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax provided 
that the relevant paying agent submits to the relevant issuer in a timely manner a statement with the following 
information: (a) identification of the securities; and (b) total amount of the income corresponding to each 
clearing system located outside Spain. These obligations refer to the total amount paid to investors through 
each foreign clearing house. For these purposes, “income” means interest and the difference, if any, between 
the aggregate amount payable on the redemption of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes. 
On 5 May 2022 the Issuer, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the “Fiscal 
Agent”) entered into an amended and restated fiscal agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) where 
they have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes.
In accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, the Fiscal 
Agent should provide the Issuer with the above statement, in the form attached to the Agency Agreement, on 
the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. The statement must reflect the situation at

--- Page 24 ---
15
the close of business of that same day. In the event that on such date, the entity obliged to provide the 
declaration fails to do so, the Issuer or the Paying Agent on its behalf will make a withholding at the general 
rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of the return on the relevant Notes otherwise payable to such 
entity and will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax.
However, the Spanish Tax Authorities may eventually issue a tax ruling to clarify the interpretation of the 
currently applicable procedures and it cannot be completely disregarded that such ruling determines that the 
Issuer, that is tax resident in Spain, should apply a withholding on payments to individuals with tax residence 
in Spain. If this were the case, identification of Noteholders may be required and the procedures, if any, for 
the collection of relevant information will be applied by the Issuer so that it can comply with its obligations 
under the applicable legislation as clarified by the Spanish Tax Authorities. Neither the Issuer, the Arranger 
nor the Dealers assume any responsibility thereof.
In the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals (and under certain circumstances by Spanish entities 
subject to Spanish Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident entity or a Spanish 
permanent establishment acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of the Notes may be subject 
to withholding by such depositary or custodian, currently at a 19 per cent. rate. 
If this were to happen, the Issuer would not gross up payment in respect of any such withholding tax.
Risks in relation to the Notes 
No active trading market for the Notes
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Risks in relation to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features.
Partly-paid Notes
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its investment.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
16
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be 
expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate 
as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option (Condition 6(f)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to 
inform investors if and when 80% or more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up 
Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of 
capital invested.
Risks in relation to the Notes generally
Modification, waivers and substitution
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. The Conditions provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under any Notes another company.
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future.
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation 
or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the

--- Page 26 ---
17
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
“benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”.
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free 
overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-
free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. 
The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long 
it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an 
alternative benchmark.
The elimination of the EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the 
Conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such Benchmark (including but 
not limited to Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR which may, depending on the 
manner in which the EURIBOR benchmark is to be determined under the terms and conditions, result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR 
was available). Amendments to the Conditions and/or relevant fall-back provisions may be required to reflect 
such discontinuance and there can be no assurance that any such amendments will fully or effectively mitigate 
all future relevant interest rate risks. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark.
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR or other benchmark rates may adversely affect the value of 
Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark rate
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be 
determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including 
any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable. Such 
fallback arrangements will include the possibility that the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, 
component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an 
alternative rate (as applicable) determined by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions). This 
may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. No consent or approval of the 
Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant amendments to the Conditions or the 
Agency Agreement.  Any such amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be 
no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment or amendment 
will be favourable to each Noteholder.
If a successor rate or alternative rate is determined, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as 
defined in the Conditions) may be determined and applied to such successor rate or alternative rate. The aim 
of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and, even if an

--- Page 27 ---
18
Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to Noteholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. In addition, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make a determination, the 
ultimate fallback of interest for the Notes may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Note based on 
the rate which was last observed on the last relevant interest determination date. Any such consequences may, 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined by reference to, if “ISDA 2006 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or, if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” 
are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the 
Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis 
of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen 
rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to 
uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and 
return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the
relevant Floating Rate Notes.
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds as Green Bonds
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
Group. If, in respect of any particular issue, it is specified in the applicable Final Terms that the Notes are 
“Green Bonds”, the net proceeds of the issue will be used for the purposes of a portfolio of projects with a 
positive impact in terms of environmental sustainability (referred hereinafter as ‘green projects’).
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Base Prospectus regarding use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any eligible green projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental 
sustainability of any projects or uses the subject of or related to, any eligible green projects. There can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject of, or related to, any eligible green 
projects) will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in the manner planned by the Issuer and/or 
in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such project(s) or use(s). Nor can there be any assurance that any such projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will 
not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes.
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made

--- Page 28 ---
19
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any eligible green projects to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification (i) is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus, (ii) 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Notes and (iii) would only be current as of the date that it was initially issued.
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any eligible green projects, and/or 
the withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any such opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other Notes which are intended by the Issuer to finance eligible green projects and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through delegated regulations for the 6 environmental objectives set out in the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While the intention is that the Group’s Eligible Green 
Projects would be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until 
the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it is not known whether the Group’s 
Eligible Green Projects will satisfy those criteria.

--- Page 29 ---
20
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following information is incorporated in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus:
(i)
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the English 
translation of the auditor’s report thereon and the English translation of the directors’ report;
(ii)
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the English 
translation of the auditor’s report thereon and the English translation of the directors’ report;
(iii)
the English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Spain, 
together with the English translation of the auditor’s report thereon;
(iv)
the English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Spain, 
together with the English translation of the auditor’s report thereon;
(v)
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 April 2021;
(vi)
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 April 2020;
(vii)
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 April 2019;
(viii)
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 April 2018;
(ix)
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 July 2017;
(x)
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 4 August 2016; and
(xi)
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 June 2015, 
each of which have been previously filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and can be accessed on the 
following addresses on the Guarantor’s website:

the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021: 
https://www.acciona.com/shareholders-investors/financial-information/annual-
accounts/?_adin=11551547647

the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020: 
https://mediacdn.acciona.com/media/esnlgpjz/annual-accounts-2020.pdf

the English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021:
https://www.acciona.com/shareholders-investors/fixed-income/?_adin=11551547647

the English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020:
https://mediacdn.acciona.com/media/cauddcd5/annual-accounts-2020-acciona-financiacion-filiales.pdf

--- Page 30 ---
21

the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 April 2021: 
https://mediacdn.acciona.com/media/vx1phn2m/acciona-emtn-programme-update-2021-base-
prospectus.pdf

the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 April 2020: 
https://mediacdn.acciona.com/media/cxrjhx0m/acciona-emtn-programme-update-2020-base-
prospectus.pdf

the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 April 2019:
https://www.acciona.com/media/3348751/emtn-base-prospectus.pdf

the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 April 2018:
https://www.acciona.com/media/3167782/acciona-emtn-programme-update-2018.pdf

the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 July 2017:
https://www.acciona.com/media/2505593/emtn-programme-update-base-prospectus.pdf

the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 4 August 2016:
https://www.acciona.com/media/2055879/mtn-programme-update-2016-bases.pdf

the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 June 2015:
https://www.acciona.com/media/1673468/acciona_mtn_programme_update_2015.pdf
Cross-reference list
The following tables show where the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be
found in the above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the
information listed below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Page(s)
English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................
0
Consolidated Balance Sheet.....................................................................................................
4
Consolidated Income Statement...............................................................................................
5
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.................................................................
6
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Total Equity................................................................
7-8
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows....................................................................................
9
Notes ........................................................................................................................................
10-208
Directors’ Report......................................................................................................................
208-238

--- Page 31 ---
22
Page(s)
English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................
0
Consolidated Balance Sheet.....................................................................................................
4
Consolidated Income Statement...............................................................................................
5
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.................................................................
6
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Total Equity................................................................
7-8
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows....................................................................................
9
Notes ........................................................................................................................................
10-205
Directors’ Report......................................................................................................................
206-232
Page(s)
English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................
0
Balance Sheet...........................................................................................................................
2
Income Statement.....................................................................................................................
3
Statement of Changes in Equity...............................................................................................
4-5
Statement of Cash Flows..........................................................................................................
6
Notes ........................................................................................................................................
7-39
Page(s)
English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................
0
Balance Sheet...........................................................................................................................
2
Income Statement.....................................................................................................................
3
Statement of Changes in Equity...............................................................................................
4-5
Statement of Cash Flows..........................................................................................................
6
Notes ........................................................................................................................................
7-36
Page(s)
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 April 2021
Terms and conditions of the Notes...........................................................................................
26-54

--- Page 32 ---
23
Page(s)
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 April 2020
Terms and conditions of the Notes...........................................................................................
26-54
Page(s)
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 April 2019
Terms and conditions of the Notes...........................................................................................
28-52
Page(s)
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 April 2018
Terms and conditions of the Notes...........................................................................................
28-53
Page(s)
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 July 2017
Terms and conditions of the Notes...........................................................................................
25-48
Page(s)
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 4 August 2016
Terms and conditions of the Notes...........................................................................................
25-48
Page(s)
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 June 2015
Terms and conditions of the Notes...........................................................................................
24-47
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in connection with the listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin, in the event 
of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this 
Base Prospectus, prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to 
be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information or in any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for 
the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently 
incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such statement provided that such modifying or superseding 
statement is made by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make the Base Prospectus, as 
so modified or amended, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 33 ---
24
FORM OF THE NOTES
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary Global Note (a “Temporary Global 
Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (a “Permanent Global Note”), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case 
may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of 
the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. 
At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used.
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1. 163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1. 163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) 
are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U. S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U. S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against:
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U. S. beneficial ownership,
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U. S. beneficial ownership; provided however that in no circumstances

--- Page 34 ---
25
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note.
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”) if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes.
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U. S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U. S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Notes if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the

--- Page 35 ---
26
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes whilst in Global Form” below.
Legend concerning United States persons
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect:
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.”

--- Page 36 ---
27
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form issued under the 
Programme. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes. 
References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 5 May 2022 between the Issuer, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a deed 
of covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 5 May 2022 
executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The 
Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest 
bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons 
(the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed 
(escritura pública) (the “Public Deed”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes and will 
register such Public Deed with the Mercantile Registry of Madrid. The Public Deed will contain, among 
other information, the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Payments under the Notes have been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant 
to an English law governed deed of guarantee dated 5 May 2022 unless the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the Notes are guaranteed pursuant to a Spanish law governed guarantee dated 5 May 2022 (the 
“Spanish Law Guarantee” and, together with the English Law Guarantee, the “Guarantee”).
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in 
all respects.
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Guarantee are available for inspection
during normal business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents.
1 
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon, 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of those Notes).
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached. 
Title to the Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it

--- Page 37 ---
28
is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its 
theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note, “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes.
2 
No Exchange of Notes
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination.
3 
Status of the Notes and Guarantee
(a) Status of the Notes
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for 
such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times 
rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future.
Interest on the Notes accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding 
(concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish 
law, no further interest on the Notes shall be deemed to accrue from the date of any declaration of 
insolvency.
(b) Status of the Guarantee
The Guarantee constitutes (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. The 
payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall, save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Guarantor, present 
and future.
4 
Negative Pledge
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will create or 
permit to subsist, and the Guarantor will ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will create or 
permit to subsist, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest other than any arising by 
operation of law (each a “Security Interest”) upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or 
to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, unless in any such case:
(A)
before or at the same time as the creation of the Security Interest, any and all action necessary 
shall have been taken to ensure that:
(i)
all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes are secured equally and rateably 
with the Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee or indemnity, as the case may be; or
(ii)
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not 
including the giving of a Security Interest) is provided in respect of all amounts

--- Page 38 ---
29
payable by the Issuer under the Notes as shall be approved at a meeting of Noteholders
(in accordance with Condition 11); or
(B)
the Security Interest is to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of such Relevant Indebtedness) of a Principal Subsidiary, being an entity that became 
a Subsidiary after the Issue Date, so long as:
(i)
such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which such Principal Subsidiary 
became a Subsidiary and was not created in contemplation of such Principal 
Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary or such Security Interest was created in substitution 
for or to replace either such outstanding Security Interest or any such substituted or 
replacement Security Interest; and
(ii)
the principal amount of the Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of such Relevant Indebtedness) is not increased after the date that such 
Principal Subsidiary became a Subsidiary.
In these Conditions:
“consolidated EBITDA” means, in relation to the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for any relevant 
period, the consolidated net operating profit (loss) before interest charges and taxation (resultado de 
explotación) (after adding back depreciation and amortisation expenses and disregarding extraordinary 
and exceptional items) of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries in respect of the relevant period, as 
derived from the Guarantor’s consolidated accounts or annual accounts in respect of such period;
“EBITDA” means, in relation to any Subsidiary of the Guarantor for any relevant period, the net 
operating profit (loss) before interest charges and taxation (resultado de explotación, in the case of a 
Subsidiary incorporated in Spain) (after adding back depreciation and amortisation expenses and 
disregarding extraordinary and exceptional items) of such Subsidiary in respect of the relevant period, 
as derived from such Subsidiary’s individual and non-consolidated accounts or annual accounts in 
respect of such period;
“International Financial Reporting Standards” means International Financial Reporting Standards 
as adopted by the European Union from time to time pursuant to Regulation 1606/2002/EC;
“Non-Recourse Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, substantially 
all the business of which involves the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, 
maintenance and/or operation of one or more assets (whether or not an asset of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries), or any associated rehabilitation works, and substantially all of the indebtedness of which 
is Project Finance Indebtedness;
a “person” includes any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
undertaking, association, unincorporated association, limited liability company, organisation, trust, 
state or agency of a state (in each case whether or not being a separate legal entity);
“Principal Subsidiary” means: 
(A)
Acciona Construcción, S.A.; and
(B)
at any relevant time, any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than a Non-Recourse 
Subsidiary or a company which, as at the Issue Date, is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor the 
ordinary shares in which are listed on any stock exchange, together with its Subsidiaries):

--- Page 39 ---
30
(i)
whose total assets or EBITDA at any relevant time represent no less than 5 per cent. of 
the total consolidated assets or consolidated EBITDA, respectively, of the Guarantor
and its Subsidiaries, as calculated by reference to the then latest consolidated audited 
accounts or consolidated six-monthly report of the Guarantor and the latest non-
consolidated accounts or non-consolidated six-monthly reports of each relevant 
Subsidiary prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards or 
other applicable generally accepted accounting principles, provided that in the case of 
a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports of the Guarantor
relate, then for the purpose of applying each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the 
Guarantor’s latest consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports 
shall be deemed to be a reference to such accounts or reports as if such Subsidiary had 
been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial statements, 
adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors of the Guarantor for the time being 
after consultation with the Guarantor; or
(ii)
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a 
Subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Principal Subsidiary, 
provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (ii), and the transferee Subsidiary 
shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (ii)(B) on the 
date on which the audited accounts or six monthly report of the Guarantor for the 
financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared as aforesaid, 
but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal 
Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such audited accounts or six 
monthly report of the Guarantor have been prepared as aforesaid by virtue of the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (ii)(A) above;
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any indebtedness to finance or refinance the ownership, 
acquisition, development and/or operation of an asset or assets in respect of which the person or 
persons to whom any such indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries) has or have no recourse whatsoever to the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries for the repayment thereof except for:
(A)
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash flow 
or historic net cash flow) from such asset or the business of owning, acquiring, constructing, 
developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset; and/or
(B)
recourse to any shareholder or the like in the borrower over (i) its shares or the like (in each 
case, to the extent paid up) in the capital of, or (ii) shareholder loans or the like (in each case, 
to the extent drawn) to, the borrower to secure such indebtedness for borrowed money; and/or
(C)
recourse under any guarantee and/or indemnity of such indebtedness or completion of 
construction or development of an asset, provided that in any such case the guarantee and/or 
indemnity is (to the extent not permitted by any of the foregoing paragraphs) released or 
discharged if completion of the relevant construction or development occurs on or prior to the 
agreed date for completion referred to in or in connection with the guarantee and/or 
indemnity and no default under or in connection with such indebtedness, guarantee or 
indemnity or any agreement relating thereto is then subsisting; and/or

--- Page 40 ---
31
(D)
recourse to the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, under any form of assurance, undertaking 
or support, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages 
and damages required to be calculated in a special way) for breach of an obligation (not being 
a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by another or an indemnity in 
respect thereof or an obligation to comply or to procure compliance by another with any 
financial ratios or other tests of financial condition) by the person against whom such 
recourse is available.
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, interest 
or other amounts), in the form of or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other similar 
debt instruments, whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, and 
which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded on 
any recognised stock exchange or other securities market but excluding any Project Finance 
Indebtedness;
“Subsidiary” of any person means (i) a company more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of which 
is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such person or by one or more other Subsidiaries of 
such person or by such person and one or more Subsidiaries thereof or (ii) any other person in which 
such person, or one or more other Subsidiaries of such person or such person and one or more other 
Subsidiaries thereof, directly or indirectly, has at least a majority ownership and power to direct the 
policies, management and affairs thereof; and
“Voting Rights” means, in respect of any person, the right generally to vote at a general meeting of 
shareholders of such person (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or 
classes shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).
5
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(e).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(e). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date

--- Page 41 ---
32
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not 
been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified hereon as being applicable, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. “ISDA”) (copies of which may be obtained from 
ISDA on its website (http://www.isda.org); or (ii) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified hereon as being applicable, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor 
thereto), as published by ISDA on its website (http://www.isda.org) on the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series, and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Notes will be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest of zero.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 42 ---
33
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations.
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at

--- Page 43 ---
34
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Notes will be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest of zero.
(c)
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8).
(d)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the 
case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin 
subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be; or (iii) For the purposes of any 
calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage 
point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures 
(with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to 
the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(e) 
Calculations
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, 
in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be

--- Page 44 ---
35
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the 
period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(f)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Change of 
Control Redemption Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or 
other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the 
accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of 
the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of 
any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties.
(g)
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below:
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets

--- Page 45 ---
36
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres;
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the 
last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in 
a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
                       360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; “D1” is the first 
calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)

--- Page 46 ---
37
       360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30;
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
     360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and “D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30;
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in

--- Page 47 ---
38
any year; and if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year;
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s);
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended;
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but 
excluding the next succeeding Interest Period Date;
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date 
ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon;
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and InterestAccrual
Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business 
Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
euro;
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period

--- Page 48 ---
39
beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date;
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon;
“ISDA Definitions” means, as specified hereon (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA on its 
website (http://www.isda.org); or (ii) the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), 
as published by ISDA on its website (http://www.isda.org) on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon;
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer or as specified hereon;
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon;
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon;
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated; and
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or 
any successor thereto.
(h)
Change of Interest Basis
If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant final Terms as being applicable, the Final 
Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note provisions, 
and/or Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply.
(i)
Calculation Agent
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more than 
one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial 
institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 49 ---
40
(j)
Benchmark discontinuation
(i)
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor 
Rate, or, if a Successor Rate is not available, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 5(j)(iii)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5(j)(iv)).
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date,
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. Where 
a different Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin (if any) or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment under this sub-paragraph shall apply to the 
immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period is subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, as an expert. In the absence of wilful 
misconduct or gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made  
in connection with any determination made by the Independent Adviser pursuant to this 
Condition 5(j).
(ii)
If the Independent Adviser determines that:
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 5(j)); or
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(j)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)).

--- Page 50 ---
41
(iii)
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
(iv)
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. The 
Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be 
required in order to give effect to this Condition 5(j).
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading.
(v)
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(j) shall be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
(vi)
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer, as the case may be, under Condition 
5(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5(b) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred and the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) 
and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v).
(vii)
As used in this condition 5(j):
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 51 ---
42
(A)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided 
as an option for the parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or
(B)
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C)
(if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such customarily 
applied interest rate), the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines, in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii), that has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
the same interest period and the Specified Currency.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(iv).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(A)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or
(B)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate); or
(C)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or
(D)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, the effect of which means that the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; or

--- Page 52 ---
43
(E)
a public statement made by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is (i) no longer 
representative of any underlying market; or (ii) the methodology to calculate 
such Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or
(F)
it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited for the Fiscal Agent, any 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
or otherwise make use of the Original Reference Rate with respect to the 
Notes.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:
(A)
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate; or
(B)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, 
(y) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount.
(b)
Early Redemption
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g) or
Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon.

--- Page 53 ---
44
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if a demand was made under the Guarantee, the Guarantor) has 
or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Spain or, in each case, any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as appropriate) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, if the obligation to pay 
additional amounts refers to it) stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)
(i)
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, unless the Issuer has given notice 
under Condition 6(c), Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(f) to redeem the Notes or a Put 
Notice has been given by the Noteholder pursuant to Condition 6(g), on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption or exercise 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. All Notes in respect of which any such notice 
is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition 6(d).
(ii)
If “Make-Whole Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount per Note shall be the higher of:
(a)
the nominal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or
(b)
as determined by the Reference Dealers, the sum of the then current values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity or, if Par Call 
Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement

--- Page 54 ---
45
Date (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date 
on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final 
Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption 
Margin,
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date.
As used in this Condition 6(d)(ii):
“Par Call Commencement Date” and “Par Call Period” have the meaning given to 
those terms in the Final Terms;
“Redemption Margin” and “Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms;
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or any 
international credit institution or financial services institution or any other competent 
entity of recognised standing with appropriate expertise to be appointed by the Issuer; 
and
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a 
similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. 
London time on the third business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption 
Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers.
(iii)
At the Issuer's discretion, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(d) may be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state 
the applicable condition precedent(s) and that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not 
occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived 
by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional 
Redemption Date so delayed.
(iv)
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Issuer may approve and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking into account prevailing market practices as it deems appropriate, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements.
(e)
Issuer Maturity Call Option
If Issuer Maturity Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15
nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as specified hereon) in accordance 
with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any 
time during the period commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Optional Redemption Amount

--- Page 55 ---
46
specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) 
above), together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption.
(f)
Clean-up Call Option
If Clean-up Call Option is specified hereon, if 80 per cent. or more of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes has been redeemed or repurchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer 
may at its option, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all (but not some 
only) of the remaining Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may 
be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above), together with interest 
(if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date of such redemption.
(g)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Put Option)
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, 
upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly completed 
option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent 
within the notice period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except 
as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(h)
Redemption or purchase at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control 
(Change of Control Put Option)
If Change of Control Put Option is specified hereon, and at any time while any Note remains 
outstanding, a Change of Control occurs (a “Put Event”), the holder of each Note shall have 
the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice under Conditions 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(f), to redeem the 
Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) that Note on the date which is 7 days after the expiry of the Put Period (as defined 
below) (or such other date as may be specified hereon) (the “Put Date”) at the Change of 
Control Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount 
(as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with (or, where purchased, together with an 
amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the Put Date. Such option (the “Change of 
Control Put Option”) shall operate as set out below. 
If a Put Event occurs then, within 14 days of the occurrence of the Put Event, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14
(Notices) specifying the nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of 
Control Put Option.
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option under this Condition 6(h), the holder of a Note 
must deposit such Note with any Paying Agent (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto) on any Business Day falling within the period of 60 days 
after a Put Event Notice is given (the “Put Period”), accompanied with a duly completed put

--- Page 56 ---
47
option notice (the “Put Option Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. No 
Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 6(h), may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the 
prior consent of the Issuer.
In this Condition 6(h):
“Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the place of the specified office of the Paying Agent at which the relevant 
Note is deposited.
A “Change of Control” shall occur if any person or persons acting together, excluding the 
Excepted Persons, acquire Control of the Issuer.
“Control” means:
(i)
the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights (as defined in 
Condition 4) in respect of the Issuer, or 
(ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Issuer’s board 
of directors or other governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether 
obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of Voting Rights in respect of the 
Issuer, contract or otherwise.
“Excepted Person” means each of Wit Europese Investering, B.V. (formerly named Entreazca, 
B.V.), Tussen de Grachten BV, La Verdosa, S.L. and their respective Subsidiaries (as defined in 
Condition 4) from time to time.
(i)
Purchases
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4) may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price.
(j)
Cancellation
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered 
for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged.
7
Payments and Talons
(a)
Method of Payment
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)) or Coupons (in the case 
of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn 
on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with,

--- Page 57 ---
48
a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case 
of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.
(b)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in 
the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified 
offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would 
be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
(c)
Payments Subject to Laws
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments.
(d)
Appointment of Agents
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least 
two major European cities, and (iv) such other agents as may be required by any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (b) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
(e)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control 
Redemption amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing

--- Page 58 ---
49
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note 
representing it, as the case may be.
(f)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9).
(g)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
8
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons or the Guarantor in respect of the Guarantee (as the case may be) shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges

--- Page 59 ---
50
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Spain or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) shall pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:
(A)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with Spain other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon;
(B)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days;
(C)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
does not receive any relevant information as may be required by Spanish tax law, regulation or 
binding ruling or in case the current information procedures are modified, amended or 
supplemented by any Spanish law, regulation or a binding ruling; 
(D)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident legal entity subject to Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax, if the Spanish tax authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with the 
exemption requirements specified in the General Directorate for Taxation’s ruling of 27 July 
2004 and require a withholding to be made; or
(E)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to avoid such deduction 
or withholding by presenting a certificate of tax residence and/or such other document 
evidencing its tax residence required by the competent authorities.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor will be paid net on any deduction 
or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder of official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither 
the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of FATCA Withholding.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these 
Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, 
Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Change of 
Control Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional

--- Page 60 ---
51
amounts that may be payable under this Condition.
9
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case
of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of 
them.
10
Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note of the relevant 
Series, in respect of such Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that 
such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together 
(if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable:
(A)
default is made in the payment on the due date of principal or interest or any other amount in 
respect of any of the Notes and such failure continues for a period of 14 calendar days in the 
case of any payment of interest and for 7 calendar days in any other case (including, but not 
limited to, payments of principal);
(B)
the Issuer or the Guarantor do not perform or comply with any one or more of their other 
obligations in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee, which default is incapable of remedy or is 
not remedied within 30 calendar days after written notice of such default shall have been given 
to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any Noteholder;
(C)
(i)
any other present or future indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or 
raised of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary becomes, or is declared, 
due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default 
(howsoever defined); or
(ii)
any such indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised is not paid when 
due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period; or
(iii)
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any 
indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised,
provided that the aggregate amount of the indebtedness, guarantees or indemnities in respect 
of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (C) have occurred equals 
or exceeds €30,000,000 (or its equivalent on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph 
operates);
(D)
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against the whole or any substantial part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary and is not discharged or stayed within 30 calendar days;
(E)
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary in respect of any obligation(s) the 
aggregate principal amount of which equals or exceeds €30,000,000 (or its equivalent on the 
basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the euro as quoted by any leading 
bank on the day on which this paragraph operates) is enforced (including by the taking of

--- Page 61 ---
52
possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or 
other similar person) upon any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary;
(F)
(i)
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary is insolvent or bankrupt 
(concurso de acreedores) or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or is declared 
insolvent or bankrupt or a voluntary request has been submitted to a relevant court for 
the declaration of insolvency or bankruptcy; or
(ii)
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary stops, suspends or threatens 
publicly to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type 
of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such 
debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or 
affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary;
(G)
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up (liquidación) or 
dissolution (disolución) of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, or the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or operations, except for (i) the purpose of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved at a 
meeting of Noteholders; or (ii) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking 
and assets of the Principal Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or another Subsidiary or are disposed of to third parties on arm’s length terms, 
whether pursuant to a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation or 
otherwise;
(H)
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, 
approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time 
required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer or the Guarantor lawfully 
to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes; 
(ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable; and (iii) to make the 
Notes admissible in evidence is not taken, fulfilled or done;
(I)
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has a similar effect to any of 
the events referred to in any of paragraphs (D), (E), (F) or (G);
(J)
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any of 
its obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or
(K)
the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect.
11
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications
(a)
Meeting of Noteholders
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions and the Deed of 
Covenant insofar as the same may apply to such Notes. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time

--- Page 62 ---
53
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, 
(i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in 
respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of 
interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a 
Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to 
reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount or the Change of Control Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency 
or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass 
the Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify or cancel the Guarantee, (ix) to modify the Deed 
of Covenant or (x) to modify this provision, in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not 
less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they 
were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders. 
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could 
not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(c)
Notification to the Noteholders
Any modification, waiver or authorisation in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14.
(d)
Substitution
Each of the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (each a “Substitute Obligor”) may, without the 
consent of the holders of any Notes or Coupons, assume the obligations of the Issuer (or any 
previous Substitute Obligor) under and in respect of any Notes upon: 
(A) 
the execution of a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”) by the Substitute Obligor and (if the 
Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor in a form which gives full effect 
to such assumption and which includes (without limitation):

--- Page 63 ---
54
(i)
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor in favour of the holders of the Notes to 
be bound by these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement, with any consequential amendments, as if it had 
been named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer, 
and such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) in order for the 
substitution to be fully effective and for the Substitute Obligor to be bound by 
all of the Issuer's obligations;
(ii) 
a warranty and representation (A) that the Substituted Obligor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for 
such substitution and for the performance by the Substituted Obligor of its 
obligations under the Deed Poll and under any other documents required to 
give full effect to the substitution, (B) that all such approvals and consents are 
in full force and effect, and (C) that the obligations assumed by the 
Substituted Obligor are valid and binding in accordance with their respective 
terms and enforceable by each Noteholder; and 
(iii) 
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor and (if the Substitute Obligor is not the 
Guarantor) the Guarantor, to indemnify and hold harmless each holder against 
all taxes or duties which arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal 
effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such 
substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against such 
holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11(d) and 
which would not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not 
been made (and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any and all 
taxes or duties which are imposed on any such holder by any political sub-
division or taxing authority of any country in which such holder resides or is 
subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed 
had such substitution not been made); and 
(iv) 
an acknowledgment of the right of all Noteholders to the production of the 
Deed Poll;
(B) 
if the Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor, the execution of deeds of guarantee (the 
“Substitute Guarantee” hereinafter for the purpose of this Condition 11(d) only) by 
the Guarantor on substantially the same terms as the Guarantee pursuant to which it 
undertakes to guarantee the performance of the obligations of the Substitute Obligor 
under the Deed Poll, the Conditions of the Notes and any other documents required to 
give full effect to the substitution;
(C) 
the delivery by the Issuer of an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing addressed to the Noteholders (care of the Fiscal Agent) to the effect that: 
(i) 
the Deed Poll constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of 
the Substitute Obligor and, if the Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor;
(ii) 
the Notes constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Obligor; and 
(iii) 
if the Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor, the Substitute Guarantee 
constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantor

--- Page 64 ---
55
in respect of all sums from time to time payable by the Substitute Obligor in 
respect of the Notes;
(D) 
where the Substitute Obligor is subject to a different taxing jurisdiction (the 
“Substituted Territory”) than that to which the Issuer is subject generally (the 
“Issuer's Territory”), the Substituted Obligor will give an undertaking in terms 
corresponding to Condition 8 with the substitution for the reference in that Condition 
to the Issuer's Territory of references to the Substituted Territory;
(E) 
not later than fourteen days after the execution of any such documents as aforesaid in 
paragraph (a), the Substituted Obligor shall cause notice thereof to be given to the 
Noteholders; and 
(F) 
upon the execution of such documents and compliance with the requirements stated in 
this Condition 11(d), the Substituted Obligor will be deemed to be named in these 
Conditions, the Notes and Coupons as if it had been named herein and therein as the 
principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this 
Condition 11(d) and the Notes and the Coupons will be deemed to be amended in such 
manner as necessary to give effect to the substitution and any references in the Notes 
and Coupons to the Issuer will be references to the Substituted Obligor. 
12
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent upon payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to 
the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
13
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (in all respects except for the 
first payment of interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series 
with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.
14
Notices
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange, 
multi-lateral trading facility or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading in the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin, in accordance with its rules and regulations. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Fiscal Agent may approve.

--- Page 65 ---
56
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the Noteholders.
Notwithstanding the above, for so long as all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Noteholders 
may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to Noteholders on the day of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.
15
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order 
of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) 
by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer 
shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment 
under the relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or 
recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to 
make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or 
Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the 
Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of 
this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to 
demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, 
order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or 
any other judgment or order.
16
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
17
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law:
Save as described below, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the English Law 
Guarantee and the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. Condition 3 and the Spanish Law Guarantee are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Spanish law.
(b)
Jurisdiction:
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on 
the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission

--- Page 66 ---
57
is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not 
affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction 
nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(c)
Service of Process:
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Bestinver London Office, at its office at 15 Grosvenor Gardens, 
Second Floor (City of Westminster) London SW1W 0BD, United Kingdom as its agent in 
England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it is 
forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able 
to act as such or no longer has an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a 
substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 67 ---
58
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] OR [MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]]
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] OR [UK MiFIR product 
governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for

--- Page 68 ---
59
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 2
1
This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (see part B, Para 7(vi)).
2
This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (see part B, Para 7(vii)).

--- Page 69 ---
60
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “SFA”) – [Insert 
notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products” pursuant to Section 309B of 
the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]]3
Final Terms dated []
ACCIONA FINANCIACIÓN FILIALES, S.A. UNIPERSONAL
(incorporated with limited liability
under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 959800MWMYPJ4TSSW126.
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
[Indicate if the Notes are Green Bonds, i.e. Notes issued to finance green projects]
Guaranteed by 
ACCIONA, S.A.
(incorporated with limited liability
under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)
Under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 5 May 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated []] [which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)]4. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation]3 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it dated []] [have] [has] been 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).]
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.]
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [19 June 2015/4 August 2016/13 July 2017/12 April 
2018/30 April 2019/30 April 2020/29 April 2021] [and the supplement(s) to it dated []] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 5 May 2022. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
3
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.
4
When drafting Final Terms in relation to an issue of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, Prospectus Regulation references should 
be removed

--- Page 70 ---
61
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]1 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 5 
May 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated []][, which [together] constitute(s) a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the relevant 
information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [19 June 
2015/4 August 2016/13 July 2017/12 April 2018/30 April 2019/30 April 2020/29 April 2021] [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated []]. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted) . Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]
1.
(i)
Issuer:
Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
(ii) Guarantor:
Acciona, S.A.
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[]
(ii) Tranche Number:
[]
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[insert date]/]the Issue Date]/[exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 24 below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [insert date]]]]
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible)
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[]
(i)
Series:
[]
(ii) Tranche:
[]
5.
Issue Price:
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
6.
(i)
Specified Denomination:
[] 
(NB – Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent))
(ii) Calculation Amount
[]
7.
(ii) Trade Date:
[]
(ii) Issue Date:
[]
(iii) Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
62
8.
Maturity Date:
[Fixed rate – specify date]/[Floating rate – [Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate (see paragraph 15 below)] 
[[] month [EURIBOR] +/- [] per cent. Floating Rate 
(see paragraph 16 below)]
(further particulars specified below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[From the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [15]/[16] applies, and from the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [15]/[16] applies]/[Not Applicable]]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Call Option]
[Issuer Maturity Call Option
[Clean-up Call Option]
[Put Option]
[Change of Control Put Option]
[Not Applicable]
(see paragraph [17][18][19][20][21] below)
13.
Spanish Law Guarantee
[Not applicable] [Applicable]
(indicate Applicable only if the Notes are to be guaranteed 
pursuant to the Spanish Law Guarantee and not by the 
English Law Guarantee)
14.
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee obtained:
[] [and [], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where board of directors approval is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
Guarantee)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s):
[[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/[not 
adjusted]

--- Page 72 ---
63
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[] per Calculation Amount
(iv) Broken Amount(s):
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in]/[on] []]/[Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]] / [[30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis]] / [30E/360(ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA)]
(vi) Determination Date(s):
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.) (N:B: only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-(ICMA))]/]Not 
Applicable]
16.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]]
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]]
(iii) First Interest Payment Date
[]
(iv) Interest Period Date:
[[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date)
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
(vi) Business Centre(s):
[[]]/[Not Applicable]
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
[is/are] to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination]
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
[]

--- Page 73 ---
64
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal Agent):
(ix) Screen Rate Determination:
-
Reference Rate:
[] month [EURIBOR]
-
Reference Bank:
[]
-
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[]
-
Relevant Screen Page:
[]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
-
Floating Rate Option:
[]
-
Designated Maturity:
[]
-
Reset Date:
[]
-
ISDA Definitions
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions]
-
Applicable Benchmark
[] / [Not applicable]
-
Fixing Day
[]
-
Fixing Time
[]
-
Any other terms relating to the 
2021 ISDA Definitions
[] / [Not applicable]
(xi) Margin(s):
[+/-] []per cent. per annum
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum
(xiii)Maximum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum
(xiv) Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]] / [[30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis]] / [30E/360(ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Call Option
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
6(b) 
applies]/[Make-whole Amount]
(The following subparagraphs in 
this paragraph (ii) apply to Make-

--- Page 74 ---
65
whole Amount redemption only)
-
Reference Bond:
[]
-
Redemption Margin:
[]
-
Reference Dealers:
[]
-
Par Call Period:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
-
Par Call Commencement 
Date:
[]
(iii) If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount
(iv) Notice period:
[]
18.
Issuer Maturity Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note:
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) applies]
(ii) Notice period:
[]
19.
Clean-up Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note:
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) applies]
(ii) Notice period:
[]
20.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[[] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) applies]
(iii) Notice period:
[]
21.
Change of Control Put Option
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Put Date:
[7 days after the Put Period][specify]

--- Page 75 ---
66
(ii) Change of Control Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[[] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) applies]
22.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note
[] per Calculation Amount
23.
Early Redemption Amount 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event 
of 
default
or 
other 
early 
redemption:
[] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24.
Form of Notes
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]
25.
New Global Note (NGN):
[Yes]/[No]
26.
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which paragraph 
16(vi) relates)
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature):
[No]/[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made.]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(relevant third party information) has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
By: ..........................................................................

--- Page 76 ---
67
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of Acciona, S.A.
By: ..........................................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 77 ---
68
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to trading:
[Application [has been]/[will be] made to Euronext 
Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
and trading on its regulated market on [] with effect 
from []]
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related 
to the admission to trading:
[]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be]/[have not been]/[are not expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]]:
[DBRS: [    ]]
[[Other: [    ]]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.]
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable:
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] established in 
[the EU] / [the UK] and [has]/[have each] applied for 
registration under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018], although the result of such 
application has not yet been notified by the relevant 
competent authority.]
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] established in 
[the EU] /[the UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended)]/[ Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018].]
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in [the EU]/[ 
the UK] and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended)]/ [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018].]
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in [the 
EU]/[the UK] but the rating it has given to the Notes is

--- Page 78 ---
69
endorsed by [credit rating agency], which is established in 
[the EU]/[the UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018].]
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in [the 
EU]/[the UK] but is certified under [Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended)]/ 
[Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018].]
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in [the 
EU]/ [the UK] and is not certified under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
“EU 
CRA 
Regulation”)]/[ Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”)] and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in [the 
EU]/[the UK] and registered under the [EU CRA 
Regulation]/[UK CRA Regulation].]]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [UK]/[insert] and is 
[registered with the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with] / [the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [UK-based credit rating agency] registered 
with the FCA in accordance with] / [certified under] [the 
UK CRA Regulation].
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement:
“Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.” [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
Estimated Net Proceeds: []
Use of Proceeds: [General corporate purposes/To 
[finance[/[or]] refinance ] green projects

--- Page 79 ---
70
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus)
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]
CFI:
[Not Applicable/[ , as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Number Agency that assigned the ISIN]
FISN:
[Not Applicable/[ , as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Number Agency that assigned the ISIN]
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable")
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear SA/NV and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s)
[Not Applicable]/[give names and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment
Name and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s):
[]
Name and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[]
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility]
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are

--- Page 80 ---
71
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable]/[[give names]]
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable]/[[give name(s)]]
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable]/[[give name]]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA 
not applicable]
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
no 
“key 
information 
document” will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(N.B Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)”

--- Page 81 ---
72
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM 
The following provisions apply to the Notes whilst they are in global form, some of which modify the effect of 
the Conditions.
Clearing system accountholders
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, 
in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as 
the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the 
case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note.
Amendment to Conditions
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the 
Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and 
in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day 
which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option 
of Noteholders (Put Option)) and Condition 6(h) (Redemption or purchase at the option of Noteholders 
following a Change of Control (Change of Control Put Option)) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give 
written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(d)

--- Page 82 ---
73
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion).
Meetings: The holder of a permanent Global Note shall (unless such permanent Global Note represents only 
one Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes.
Notices: So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice
to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication
as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note,
except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading in the regulated market of Euronext Dublin all 
notices shall be published in a manner which complies with its rules and regulations.

--- Page 83 ---
74
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes under the Programme will be on-lent by the Issuer to, or invested by 
the Issuer in, other companies within the Acciona Group for use by such companies either:
(i) for their general corporate purposes, or
(ii) to finance and/or refinance a portfolio of green projects determined in accordance with the Group’s Green 
Financing Framework (as defined herein).
Only tranches of Notes financing or refinancing green projects will be denominated Green Bonds.
The Green Financing Framework of the Group (together with any amendment or supplement thereof and 
future Green Financing Framework adopted by the Group) will be available for inspection in the Sustainable 
Finance and Debt Issuances sections of the Group’s website, at www.acciona.com.
the Green Financing Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Please see “Information relating to “Green Bonds”” and “Risk Factors – Risks in relation to 
the Notes generally – Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds as Green Bonds”.

--- Page 84 ---
75
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal (the “Issuer”) is a Spanish limited liability company 
(sociedad anónima), subject to the Spanish Companies Law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), that was 
incorporated on 23 May 2014 for an indefinite period. It is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid, 
Spain at Volume 32,365, sheet 1, Section 8, page number M-582603. The Issuer holds Tax Identification Code 
number A-87020855. The registered address of the Issuer is in Parque Empresarial de la Moraleja, Avenida de 
Europa 18, Alcobendas (Madrid) Spain, and its telephone number is +91 663 01 93. The legal entity identifier 
of the Issuer is 959800MWMYPJ4TSSW126.
Business overview 
The corporate purpose of the Issuer is to manage the financial resources of the Group, attend its financial 
needs and to manage, optimise and channel the monetary resources and the cash needs of the Group. 
Management
The joint directors (administradores mancomunados) of the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus and 
the date of their first appointment are:
Name of director
Position
First appointment
Acciona Corporación, S.A. 
(represented by Ignacio Ferrán Huete)
Joint Director
23 May 2014
Acciona Desarrollo Corporativo, S.A. 
(represented by José Ángel Tejero 
Santos)
Joint Director
23 May 2014
The Directors of the Issuer have, collectively, appropriate expertise and experience for the management of its 
business.
The business address of each director is Parque Empresarial de la Moraleja, Avenida de Europa 18, 
Alcobendas (Madrid), Spain.
Ignacio Ferrán Huete and José Ángel Tejero Santos act respectively as Director of Corporate Governance and 
CFSO of Acciona, S.A. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between the duties of the persons identified above to the Issuer and their private interests and/or duties. No 
specific measures are in place to regulate the control that Acciona, S.A. exercises over the Issuer.
Share capital and sole shareholder
The current share capital of the Issuer is €82,413,197, represented by 82,413,197 shares with a par value of €1 
each, forming a single class. The share capital is fully paid up. The shares of the Issuer are not listed.
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. 
Financial information
The Issuer was incorporated on 23 May 2014. The English translations of the audited annual accounts of the 
Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 have been incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 85 ---
76
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR
Acciona, S.A. (the “Guarantor”) is a Spanish limited liability company (sociedad anónima), subject to the 
Spanish Companies Law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), that was incorporated on 17 June 1916 for an 
indefinite period. It is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid at volume 30,116, sheet 120, page 
number M-216384. The Guarantor holds Tax Identification Code number A-08001851. The registered address 
of the Guarantor is in Parque Empresarial de la Moraleja, Avenida de Europa 18, Alcobendas (Madrid), Spain, 
and its telephone number is +34 91 663 28 50 and its website is https://www.acciona.com/. The legal entity 
identifier of the Guarantor is 54930002KP75TLLLNO21.
The Guarantor has been assigned a long-term corporate credit rating of “BBB” and a short-term rating of 
“R-2 (middle)” by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”). DBRS is established in the European Economic Area 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation.
Acciona Group
The Guarantor is the parent company of Acciona group (“Acciona Group” or the “Group”), a global 
operator in sustainable infrastructure solutions, especially in renewable energy. Its offer covers the whole 
value chain, from design and construction to operation and maintenance. The Group carries out its business 
activities with the commitment to actively contribute to the social and economic development of the 
communities where it operates. 
The origins of the Guarantor go back to the railway operating company Compañía de los Ferrocarriles de 
Medina del Campo a Zamora y de Orense a Vigo (MZOV), founded in 1862, which in 1978 merged with 
Cubiertas y Tejados, S.A., founded in 1916, to form Cubiertas y MZOV, S.A. This company merged in 1997 
with Entrecanales Távora, S.A., a construction company specialised in large civil works founded in 1931, to 
form NECSO Entrecanales Cubiertas, S.A., later renamed Acciona, S.A. The Group is now present in 42 
countries in 5 continents, with a workforce of more than 38,000 persons.
The Acciona Group is present in selective sustainability indexes, such as FTSE4 Good, Euronext Vigeo 
Europe 120, Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe and the Ethibel Sustainability Index (ESI) Excellence 
Europe. Furthermore, Acciona has been included in the “Sustainability Yearbook 2022” elaborated by S&P 
Global, and awarded with the Gold Class distinction that places the company on the podium of the best 
utilities in the world in terms of sustainability.
Organisational structure 
The Group is structured in three different lines of business: energy (“Acciona Energía”), infrastructure 
(“Acciona Infrastructure”) and other activities. The infrastructure business comprises four different business 
lines of activity: construction, concessions, water and other infrastructure activities.
The activities of Acciona Energía and Acciona Infrastructure represented 95% of the EBITDA of the Group 
for the year ended 31 December 2021. The production of energy, particularly wind power, and other energy 
related construction and development activities of Acciona Energía represented, alone, 73% of the EBITDA 
of the Group as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 86 ---
77
Admission to trading of Acciona Energía
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A., a subsidiary of the Guarantor, is the parent company of the 
Acciona Energía. On 18 February 2021, the Guarantor announced the decision of its Board of Directors to 
initiate the process for an initial public offering of shares of Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A. 
The process was culminated on 1 July 2021 with the admission to trading of the ordinary shares of the 
company in Spain on the Barcelona, Bilbao, Madrid and Valencia stock exchanges for trading through the 
Automated Quotation System (Mercado Continuo). Following the admission to trading, the Guarantor retains 
approximately 82.7% of the shares of Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A. The transaction, a key 
milestone in the history of the Group, has allowed it to reduce its financial leverage considerably and the 
Guarantor believes that it will increase the ability of the Group to invest and enhance its growth potential, not 
only in energy but also in the sustainable infrastructure activities.
Selected financial information
The following chart shows relevant balance sheet financial data of the Group as of 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020:
For the year ended 31 
December
% change
2021
2020*
2021-2020
(in millions of euros)
Equity ......................................................................................
5,557
3,711
50%
Net financial debt ....................................................................
4,344 
4,733
(8.2)%
Financial gearing .....................................................................
78% 
128%
(39.1)%
Net Ordinary Capex.................................................................
1,319
829
59.1%
The following chart shows relevant income statements financial data of the Group as of 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020*:
For the year ended 31 
December
% change
2021
2020*
2021-2020
(in millions of euros)
Revenue...................................................................................
8,104
6,482
25.0%
EBITDA ..................................................................................
1,483 
1,133
30.9%
Operating Profit.......................................................................
829
625
32.6%
Profit before tax, from continuing operations..........................
575
517
11.2%
Profit attributable to the parent company ................................
332
387
(14.2)%
* In October 2021, the Spanish National Securities Market Commission (CNMV) completed a review of the 
accounting practices used by energy industry issuer. The Group has adopted the policies published by the 
CNMV and has restated the 2020 annual accounts accordingly, as required by IAS 8.
Business description
The following is a description of the business lines of Acciona Group as reflected in the English translation of 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 2021.
Energy
Acciona Energía is one of the world’s largest pure-play renewable energy developers, owners and operators 
according to market intelligence firms. With a total installed capacity of approximately 11.2GW as of 31 
December 2021 (consolidated installed capacity of 9.2GW), Acciona Energía owns and operates assets in five 
main hubs globally, and is present in 17 countries, with over 90% of its capacity located in EOECD countries

--- Page 87 ---
78
and multiple renewable energy technologies, including onshore wind, solar PV, hydraulic, solar thermal, 
biomass and storage, which enabled it to produce a total of 24,541GWh (20,093GWh consolidated) in the 
year ended 31 December 2021.
With over 30 years of experience, Acciona Energía believes that its global presence, scale and proven track 
record in the execution and management of renewable energy projects across varied geographies, 
technologies and regulatory frameworks allows it to maximise its competitiveness and know-how, and to be 
strategically positioned to benefit from the multiple growth opportunities offered by the transition to a 
renewable energy world. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the EBITDA of Acciona Energía totaled 
€1,086 million, a 25.1% increase in comparison to the figure for the year ended 31 December 2020 (€868 
million).
In 2021, Acciona Energía was the largest 100% renewable energy supplier in Spain by energy sold according 
to the Spanish National Markets and Competition Commission (Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la 
Competencia or CNMC) and is also one of the top-ten developers worldwide by volume of contracted PPAs 
in 2020, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance. 
Acciona Energía plays a proactive role in decarbonizing the economy while accelerating a profitable and 
diversified growth in terms of technological and geographical installed capacity and customers. 
Integrated value chain
Acciona Energía operates a fully-integrated value chain and seeks to add value through each of the phases of 
a project: (i) project development; (ii) project structuring; (iii) engineering and construction; (iv) supply 
chain; (v) operation and maintenance (“O&M”) and asset management; and (vi) energy management. 
Acciona Energía believes that having in-house integrated capabilities allows it to obtain economies of scale 
that result in increased margins, asset quality, agility and asset expertise. 
Acciona Energía sells energy in the pool market (subject to regulated prices, feed-in tariffs or in the wholesale 
market) or through bilateral PPAs, seeking to maintain a diversified combination of different offtake options 
and energy sales mechanisms. 
Geographical footprint
The business of Acciona Energía is diversified across jurisdictions. The most significant market for Acciona 
Energía is Spain, but it is also well-positioned in strategic countries such as the United States, Australia, 
Mexico and Chile which, together with Spain, represented 88% of Acciona Energía’s consolidated installed 
capacity as of 31 December 2021. Acciona Energía is also present in other markets such as Canada, Italy, 
Portugal, South Africa, Egypt or India among others. 
EBITDA from the operations of Acciona Energía in Spain represented 49% of the total EBITDA of Acciona 
Energía in the year ended 31 December 2021.
Multi-Technological Approach 
Acciona Energía operates multi-technological projects, including onshore wind, solar PV, hydraulic and 
biomass and solar thermal. Acciona Energía has also been pioneer in Spain in integrating storage in grid-
connected wind and solar PV and floating solar PV.

--- Page 88 ---
79
The table below shows the number of operating projects by geography and technology as of 31 December 
2021:
As of 31 December 2021
Wind
Solar 
PV
Hydraulic
Biomass 
and 
solar 
thermal
Spain.................................................................................................... 169
36
76
3
Rest of Europe(1) ................................................................................
27
7
-
-
America(2) ..........................................................................................
25
6
-
1
Australia ..............................................................................................
5
-
-
-
Other zones(3).....................................................................................
5
4
-
-
Total..................................................................................................... 231
53
76
4
_________________
(1) 
Includes Portugal (17 wind farms and 1 solar PV plant), Italy (5 wind farms), Poland (3 wind farms), Hungary (1 wind farm), 
Croatia (1 wind farm) and Ukraine (6 solar PV plants).
(2) 
Includes United States (10 wind farms and 1 CSP plant), Canada (4 wind farms), Mexico (7 wind farms and 2 solar PV plants), 
Costa Rica (1 wind farm) and Chile (3 wind farms and 4 solar PV plants)
(3) 
Includes South Africa (1 wind farm and 1 solar PV plant), India (4 wind farms) and Egypt (3 solar PV plants). 
Acciona Energía is a leading player in the development, construction, operation and maintenance of onshore 
wind power facilities, having started the construction of the first wind farm in Tarifa (Spain) in 1993.  Its 
leading position and industry knowledge are partly driven by Acciona Energía’s extensive experience as a 
global supplier of products and services in all areas of the value chain, including as pioneers in the 
development of wind turbines using Nordex’s proprietary technology, and concrete towers of up to 120 
meters. As of 31 December 2021, Acciona Energía owned 8,787MW of total installed capacity in 231 wind 
farms with more than 6,507 wind turbines located in 14 countries.
Acciona Energía is a key player in the installation and operation of solar PV plants and a leading international 
player in building utility-scale assets worldwide. It has been Acciona Energía has been in the solar PV 
industry in Spain since 2011 when it built its first solar PV plant in Tudela (Navarra). In 2020 Acciona 
Energía built the first floating solar PV plant connected to the grid in Spain.  As of 31 December 2021, 
Acciona Energía owned 1,460MW of total installed capacity in 53 solar PV plants located in 7 countries. 
Acciona Energía also possesses its own power generation assets based on other renewable sources, such as 
hydroelectric, biomass and solar thermal energy.
Infrastructure
Acciona Infrastructure is a major international infrastructure operator. With a trajectory of more than one 
hundred years and presence in more than 30 countries on five continents, Acciona Infrastructure has extensive 
experience in the development and execution of large-scale projects, implementing environmentally friendly 
techniques. The business line brings together four business lines: construction, concessions, water and other 
infrastructure activities. This business line generated 22% of the EBITDA of the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2021.
The EBITDA of the business line for the year ended 31 December 2021 totalled €323 million, a 51% increase 
in comparison to the figure for the year ended 31 December 2020 (€214 million), which was significantly 
affected by the Covid-19 pandemic.
Construction
The construction business line of Acciona Group is the longest standing business activity of the Group. 
Firmly established in Spain, on an international level it is well established in strategic markets such as

--- Page 89 ---
80
Australia, Canada, Mexico, Chile and Poland, with key projects in United Arab Emirates, Norway, Ecuador 
and the Philippines. This business line generated 50% of the EBITDA of the business line for the year ended 
31 December 2021. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the EBITDA of the construction business line 
totalled €163 million, a 226% increase in comparison to the figure for the year ended 31 December 2020 (€50 
million).
The construction business line has extensive experience in developing and executing large-scale operations. It 
is specialized in three major areas: bridges, roads and special structures; railways and tunnels; and ports and 
hydraulic projects. It can handle all aspects of projects in any of these areas, from design and engineering to 
eventual completion and maintenance. The construction business maintained high production levels on the 
back of large, capital-intensive construction contracts, with the average EBITDA margin increasing 
marginally.
This business line is a leader in EPC industrial projects, an international pioneer in supporting solar thermal 
energy and committed to the mission of contributing to sustainable development in the industrial sector 
through quality and innovation. Acciona’s strategy in this area is focused on increasing its number of 
renewable energy projects worldwide. It currently operates in regions where the sector is most present, via 
construction and development projects in key countries such as Canada, Australia, South Africa, Mexico, the 
UAE and Chile.
Concessions
This business line comprises the management of concessions for the private development of infrastructure, 
especially in the area of transport (roads, motorways) and building construction, among which the most 
significant projects have been concessions awarded for hospital services and education centres. The 
concessions business line generated 14% of the EBITDA of the business line for the year ended 31 December 
2021.
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the EBITDA of the concessions business line of the Group totalled 
€46 million, a 31% decrease compared to the €67 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease 
was mostly the result of the sale of a material part of the concessions business to Meridiam Infra Invest SLP, 
Meridiam Infraestructure Fund III SLP and Bestinver, S.A. at the end of the year 2020 and which was 
completed in 2021.
Water
The water business line focuses on the treatment of water and desalination by reverse osmosis. It offers a full 
range of services in the integral water cycle, including the design, construction, development and 
management of desalination plants and waste water treatment plants, the supply of drinking water and 
sanitation of cities. Within the water business line the Group also operates water concessions. The water 
business line generated 31% of the EBITDA of the business line for the year ended 31 December 2021.
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the EBITDA of the water business line totalled €100 million, an 
increase of 18% compared to the €85 million for the year ended 31 December 2020.
Other infrastructure activities
The other infrastructure activities business line of Acciona Group offers integral service solutions for the 
operation and maintenance of assets in the areas of infrastructure, the industrial sector and cities, obtaining 
synergies from the integrated management of these activities. This business line operates through the 
following activities: Facility services, Airport services, Operation and Maintenance of Renewable Energy, 
Urban and Environmental Services, Energy Efficiency, Forwarding, and Smart city services as well as 
through the lease of vehicles such as the motosharing service. The other infrastructure activities business line

--- Page 90 ---
81
generated €14 million of EBITDA, contributing 4% to the EBITDA of the business line for the year ended 31 
December 2021, which represented a 17%increase in comparison to the previous year figure.
Other Activities
This business line comprises other businesses and activities of the Group, including Bestinver, S.A., which 
provides asset management and brokerage services; Acciona Inmobiliaria, the real estate line of business of 
the Group and a leading residential property development and management company in Spain, having 
developed over 13,000 homes across Spain, Portugal, Poland and Mexico; Silence, one of the largest 
manufacturers of electric motorbikes in Spain; and Nordex, a publicly-listed company and a leading global 
manufacturer of onshore wind turbine systems, in which Acciona currently holds a 33.63% equity interest.
Sustainability
Sustainability Master Plan 2021 – 2025
Since 2009, the Guarantor has had a sustainability committee within its board of directors, responsible for 
approving the objectives of the sustainability master plan and monitoring the progress of these practices. In 
2021 this committee merged with the Audit Committee to create the Audit and Sustainability Committee that 
supports the Board members in the supervision of accounting, financial and non-financial information, the 
best practices in sustainability, internal and external audit services and risk management.
In 2021, Acciona Group became the first Spanish energy company to join the Climate Pledge (TCP), which 
pledge to be carbon neutral by 2040, ten years before the date established in the Paris Agreement. 
Furthermore, the company reduces its CO₂ generated in line with science prescriptions and offsets all the 
remaining emissions in line with the needs established by science to keep the increase in global temperature 
below 1.5°C. These are targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative.
Since 2010, Acciona Group’s sustainability strategy has been based on five-year Sustainability Master Plans 
(SMPs). The actions and targets contained in these plans are promoted, approved, and supervised by the 
Board of Director’s Audit and Sustainability Committee.
The purpose of the new sustainability master plan 2025 (the “SMP 2025”) is to encourage the Group to re-
imagine infrastructures. Acciona Group invests in, develops and operates infrastructure assets that can make 
our planet sustainable. In short, making the company a recognised leader in developing basic infrastructure 
assets with an added value, with people and the planet in mind; in a word, regenerative.
The process of drawing up the SMP 2025 was carried out throughout 2020 and culminated in the first quarter 
of 2021 with approval of the strategy and the objectives by the Board of Directors’ sustainability committee. 
It has been developed through the exponential sustainability leaders programme, which involves a group of 
international professionals from the different business units working in a process of co-creation.
It is structured around strategic and operational objectives applicable to the entire organisation with 
specifications for the different lines of business. It covers the following areas: people centric, positive planet, 
exponential leadership, and integrate to transform. 
The Guarantor’s ambition with the SMP 2025 is to increase investment and double its impact. Each of the 
four pillars of the SMP 2025 has various areas of action and an established route that includes activities 
ranging from responsible to resilient, adopting the ones that contribute a regenerative impact.
The achievement of SMP 2025 targets is linked to a percentage of the bonuses received by directors, 
managers and other staff of Acciona Group.

--- Page 91 ---
82
Green Financing Framework 
Adherence to the EU Green Bond Standard and Green Bond Principles
In 2019, the Group developed a new Green Financing Framework (the “2019 Green Financing 
Framework”) that expands the portfolio of eligible green projects based on the contribution of the company 
to a low carbon economy. The 2019 Green Financing Framework is consistent with the EU Green Bond 
Standard (EU-GBS) produced by the EU Technical Expert Group (TEG) on Sustainable Finance (June 2019). 
All green financing transactions of the Group are carried out under the Green Financing Framework.
The 2019 Green Financing Framework was reviewed by Sustainalytics, a reputed sustainability rating agency, 
which issued a Second-party pinion in November 2019 (the “Sustainalytics Second-party Opinion”) 
confirming the alignment of the 2019 Green Financing Framework of the Group with the most recognised 
market practices: the Green Bond Principles (“GBP”) published by the International Capital Markets 
Association (ICMA), and the Green Loan Principles (“GLP”) administered by the Loan Market Association 
(LMA).
The 2019 Green Financing Framework and the Sustainalytics Second-party Opinion (together with any 
amendment or supplement thereof and future Green Financing Framework or Second-party Opinion) will be 
available for inspection in the Sustainable Finance and Debt Issuances sections of the Group’s website, at 
www.acciona.com.
Identification of projects
All projects that are financed and/or refinanced with proceeds from green financing instruments are selected 
by the Group’s Sustainable Finance Committee (the “Committee”) and are evaluated on a quarterly basis. 
This Committee comprises professionals from the Group’s finance and sustainability departments as well as 
sustainability representatives from the business lines of the Group, project managers and other selected 
experts. The Committee is responsible for verifying compliance by all projects with the eligibility criteria 
based on contribution by the Group’s green projects to the environmental objectives contemplated in the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. Furthermore, the Group classifies and provide assurance to its activities in 
accordance to the criteria established by the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy.
The Sustainalytics Second-party Opinion provides that the eligible use of proceeds categories outlined in the 
Framework – (i) electricity supply (ii) transportation and storage (iii) water, sewage, waste management and 
remediation and (iv) construction and real estate activities – are viewed by Sustainalytics as credible, 
impactful and aligned with the GBP 2018 and GLP 2018.
Verification of use of proceeds (post-issuance) 
Once a year the Group obtains a verification from an external auditor of a management statement on the 
allocation and impact of the proceeds from green financing instruments to the eligible green project portfolio. 
In 2021 it was issued by KPMG Asesores, S.L. 
Litigation
Members of the Group are engaged in litigation in several jurisdictions arising in the ordinary course of 
business and otherwise, most notably, tax claims, claims relating to defects in construction projects and 
differences regarding services rendered. The Group records provisions in its consolidated balance sheet to 
cover liabilities whenever it is considered that an adverse outcome is more likely than not. Provisions are 
quantified on the basis of the information available and legal advice and are used to cater for the specific 
obligations for which they were originally recognised. As of 31 December 2021, provisions for legal

--- Page 92 ---
83
contingencies amounted to €26 million (€13 million as of 31 December 2020) corresponding to Acciona 
Infrastructure in relation to several lawsuits brought against the Group in various jurisdictions. 
For a discussion on provisions and litigation, see Note 19 of the English translation of the audited 
consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus (see “Documents incorporated by reference”) and “Risk factors – Risks 
in relation to the business of Acciona Group – Risks in relation to legal and arbitration proceedings”).
The following is a summary of certain legal proceedings affecting the Group.
Ruta 160
Acciona Construcción S.A. and one of its subsidiaries in Chile were defendants and counterclaimants in an 
arbitration proceeding initiated by Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista Costa Arauco, S.A. for breach of 
contract and damages in relation to construction works performed by subsidiaries in Chile of Acciona 
Construcción, S.A. in an infrastructure project in said country. The claimants sought EUR 128 million in 
damages. An additional arbitration was initiated in September 2021 by the buyers of Sociedad Concesionaria 
Autopista Costa Arauco, S.A. (which acquired this company in 2017) against Acciona Construcción S.A. and 
the same subsidiary in Chile, for alleged breach of contract and damages in relation to the purchase of 
Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista Costa Arauco, S.A. from Acciona Construcción S.A. Agencia Chile and 
Acciona Concesiones Chile Ltda. 
All parties in these two arbitration proceedings reached a global agreement an all their existing disputes in 
March 2022 and have put an end to the aforementioned arbitration proceedings. The proceedings have thus 
been closed and no longer affect the Group.
Radial 2
The Guarantor, Acciona Construcción, S.A. and other companies from different construction groups in Spain 
are defendants in an action initiated in 2019 by Titulización de Activos, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de 
Titulización, S.A., TDA 2015-1 Fondo de Titulización, TDA 2017-2 Fondo de Titulización, Bothar Fondo de 
Titulización y Kommunalkredit Austria, AG as claimants. In this action the claimants seek (i) a declaration 
that the defendants are in breach of contract by failing to contribute funds to the borrower that provided funds 
for the financing, construction, maintenance and operation of an infrastructure project in Spain including the 
R-2 toll highway from Madrid to Guadalajara, the M-50 ring road and the N-II to N-I subsection; and (ii) 
damages (the Group’s share is 25%, i.e. claimants seek from the Group approximately EUR 142 million).
The Group believes that the arguments of the defendants are solid enough to obtain a ruling dismissing the 
claim. However, subject to the logical uncertainty derived from the decision-making by the Court, if a 
negative ruling is awarded, the Group expects it not to be material.
Management
The members of the board of directors of the Guarantor as of the date of this Base Prospectus, their position 
within the board and the date of their first appointment are:
Name of director
Position
First appointment
Entrecanales Domecq, José Manuel
Chairman
14 April 1997
Entrecanales Franco, Juan Ignacio
Vice-Chairman
14 April 1997
Figueres Olsen, Karen Christiana
Director
18 May 2017
Sainz de Vicuña Bemberg, Ana
Director
11 June 2015

--- Page 93 ---
84
Name of director
Position
First appointment
Entrecanales Domecq, Daniel 
Director
4 June 2009
Entrecanales Franco, Javier 
Director
22 September 2011
Gerard Rivero, Jerónimo Marcos
Director
24 June 2014
Garay Ibargaray, Juan Carlos
Lead Independent 
Director
6 June 2013
Sendagorta Gómez del Campillo, 
Javier 
Director
30 May 2018
Pacheco Guardiola, Jose María
Director
30 May 2018
Dulá, Sonia
Director
30 May 2019
Dancausa Treviño, Mª Dolores
Director
30 June 2021
The Directors of the Guarantor have, collectively, appropriate expertise and experience for the management of 
the business of the Group.
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Parque Empresarial de la Moraleja, 
Avenida de Europa 18, Alcobendas (Madrid), Spain.
Several members of the Board of Directors perform activities outside the Guarantor. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the principal activities of the members of the Board of Directors performed by them outside 
the Guarantor are not significant with respect to the Guarantor. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there 
are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Guarantor of the members of the Board of 
Directors and their private interests and or duties.
The table below sets forth the names of the members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor that hold a 
position as member of the Board of Directors in other listed companies:
Name of director
Company
Position
José Manuel Entrecanales 
Domecq
Corporación Acciona 
Energías Renovables, S.A. 
(Acciona Energía)
Chairman of the board of 
directors and proprietary 
Director
Juan Ignacio Entrecanales 
Franco
Corporación Acciona 
Energías Renovables, S.A. 
(Acciona Energía)
Proprietary Director
Karen Christiana Figueres Olsen
Corporación Acciona 
Energías Renovables, S.A. 
(Acciona Energía)
Proprietary Director and 
member of the appointments 
and remuneration committee
Sainz de Vicuña Bemberg, Ana
Prosegur Cash, S.A.
Director and member of the 
corporate governance, 
sustainability, appointments 
and remuneration committee

--- Page 94 ---
85
Entrecanales Domecq, Daniel
Prosegur Cash, S.A.
Director and member of the 
corporate governance, 
sustainability, appointments 
and remuneration committee
Dulá, Sonia
Huntsman Corporation
Director and member of 
audit committee
Hemisphere Media Group, 
Inc5
Director and member of 
audit committee
Corporación Acciona 
Energías Renovables, S.A. 
(Acciona Energía)
Proprietary director and 
member of the audit and 
sustainability committee
María Dolores Dancausa 
Treviño
Bankinter, S.A.
Chief Executive Officer
Share capital and major shareholders
The current share capital of the Guarantor is €54,856,653, represented by 54,856,653 shares with a par value 
of €1 each, forming a single class. The share capital is fully paid up.
The shares of the Guarantor are listed in the stock exchanges of Madrid and Barcelona and are included in the 
IBEX-35 Index.
The largest shareholders of the Guarantor as of the date of this Base Prospectus are:
Company
% shareholding
Tussen de Grachten, B.V.
29.02
Wit Europese Investering, B.V.
26.10
Source: Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish National Securities Market Commission)
Tussen de Grachten, B.V. and Wit Europese Investering, B.V. (formerly named Entreazca, B.V.) and their 
respective shareholders, descendants of Mr José Entrecanales Ibarra, have mutually granted each other a pre-
emptive right for the acquisition of their shares in the Guarantor that resulted from the merger of Grupo 
Entrecanales, S.A. and its subsidiaries with Acciona, S.A. and for the acquisition of their participations in 
Tussen de Grachten, B.V. and Wit Europese Investering, B.V.
This pre-emptive right of acquisition shall be effective until 14 July 2026 and shall be renewed automatically 
for periods of 5 years unless, eighteen (18) months before its expiration, any of Tussen de Grachten B.V. or 
Wit Europese Investering, B.V. notifies its termination to the other parties.
The agreement does not impose or assume the existence of concertation between the signatories on the 
management of Guarantor.
5 Listed in NYSE

--- Page 95 ---
86
TAXATION
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the 
tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult with their own professional 
advisers.
Taxation in Spain
The following summary describes the main Spanish tax implications arising in connection with the 
acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes by individuals or entities who are the beneficial owners of the 
Notes (the “Noteholders” and each a “Noteholder”).
All the tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that the Notes are 
initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences, 
including those under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, of purchasing, owning and 
disposing of Notes.
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently 
applicable in the Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect.
1
Introduction
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this Base Prospectus:
(a)
of general application, First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on regulation, supervision 
and solvency of credit entities (“Law 10/2014”) and Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the 
General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and developing the common 
rules of the procedures to apply taxes (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”), as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011, of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1145/2011”);
(b)
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are Personal Income Tax (“PIT”) tax payers, Law 
35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the “PIT Law”), and Royal Decree 
439/2007, of 30 March approving the PIT Regulations which develop the PIT Law, as amended, along 
with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax ( the “Wealth Tax Law”), as amended, and Law 29/1987, 
of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended;
(c)
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) taxpayers, 
Law 27/2014 of 27 November on Corporate Income Tax, as amended (the “CIT Law”), and Royal 
Decree 634/2015, of 10 July, promulgating the CIT Regulations, as amended (the “CIT Regulations”); 
and
(d)
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident 
Income Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law (the “NRIT Law”), as amended and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of

--- Page 96 ---
87
30 July, promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended along with the Wealth Tax Law as amended 
and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended.
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt 
from indirect taxes in Spain, for example, exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the 
consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt 
from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, regulating such tax.
2
Spanish tax resident individuals
2.1
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas)
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer of the Notes constitute a return on 
investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 25.2 of the PIT Law, and must be included in the PIT savings taxable base of each investor and taxed 
currently at 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000; 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 
and €50,000; 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000; and 26 per cent. for taxable 
income exceeding €200,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income may be subject to the corresponding withholding tax on account of 
Spanish PIT, at the applicable tax rate (currently 19 per cent.). However, Article 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, establishes information procedures applicable to debt 
instruments issued under Law 10/2014 (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) under which 
interest payments will be paid by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent free of withholding tax, provided that such 
information procedures are complied with, as described in “Disclosure Obligations in connection with 
payments on the Notes”. 
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks 
relating to withholding – Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation”.
Nevertheless, withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) may have to be deducted by other 
entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax purposes in 
Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
Amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their final PIT liability.
2.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Individuals with tax residency in Spain will be subject to Wealth Tax, to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000, at the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5%, without prejudice to any relevant 
exemption which may apply and the relevant laws and regulations in force in each autonomous region of 
Spain. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as of December 31. 
2.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or State rules (subject to any regional tax exemptions being available to them). The 
applicable effective tax rates currently range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. (subject to any specific 
regional rules), depending on relevant factors.

--- Page 97 ---
88
3
Spanish tax resident legal entities
3.1
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer of the Notes must be included as 
taxable income of Spanish tax resident legal entities for CIT purposes in accordance with the rules for this 
tax, being typically subject to the standard rate of 25 per cent., with lower or higher rates applicable to certain 
categories of taxpayers.
According to Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, the Issuer is
not obliged to withhold any tax amount on interest payments made under the Notes provided that the new 
simplified information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with 
by the Fiscal Agent, as described in section “Disclosure Obligations in connection with Payments on the 
Notes”.
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks 
relating to withholding – Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation”.
Income derived from the transfer of the Notes shall not be subject to withholding tax as provided by Section 
61(s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes satisfy the requirements laid down 
by the reply to the Directorate General for Taxation’s (Dirección General de Tributos) consultation, on 27 
July 2004, indicating that in the case of issuances made by entities with tax residency in Spain (as in the case 
of each of the Issuers), application of the exemption requires that the Notes be placed outside Spain in another 
OECD country and traded on organised markets in OECD countries. 
Amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their final CIT liability
3.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax.
3.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market value of 
the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes.
4
Individuals and legal entities tax resident outside Spain
4.1
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes)
(A)
Acting through a permanent establishment in Spain
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain.
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity 
who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such 
Notes shall be, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers.
(B)
Not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain
Both interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax

--- Page 98 ---
89
purposes, and who are NRIT taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from 
NRIT, on the same terms laid down for income from public debt.
In order for the exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with certain information obligations 
relating to the Notes, in the manner detailed below under “Disclosure obligations in connection with 
payments on the Notes” as laid down in Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal 
Decree 1145/2011. If these information obligations are not complied with in the manner indicated, the 
Issuer will withhold 19 per cent. and the Issuer will not pay additional amounts.
Non-Resident investors entitled to the exemption from NRIT but where the Issuer does not timely 
receive the information about the Notes in accordance with the procedure described in detail below 
under “Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes” would have to apply directly 
to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures 
set forth in the Spanish NRIT Law.
4.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the 
Wealth Tax will not be generally subject to such tax on the Notes. Otherwise, under current Wealth Tax Law, 
non-Spanish resident individuals whose Spanish properties and rights are located in Spain (or that can be 
exercised within the Spanish territory) and exceed €700,000 could be subject to Wealth Tax during year 2022, 
the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. However, as the income derived from the 
Notes is exempted from NRIT, any non-resident individuals holding the Notes as of 31 December 2022 will 
be exempted from Spanish Wealth Tax in respect of such holding. 
Legal entities tax resident outside Spain are not subject to Spanish Wealth Tax.
4.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, gift 
or legacy, and who are tax resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in 
relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty.
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to Inheritance and
Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable Spanish regional and State legislation.
Legal entities not tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to NRIT (as described 
above). If the entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the 
provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of 
income in the country of residence of the beneficiary.
5
Payments under the Guarantee
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee may be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction on account of any Spanish tax.
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, even if the 
Spanish tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has effectively assumed all the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee, and that accordingly they shall be 
classified as interest payments for Spanish tax purposes, they should determine that payments made by the 
Guarantor relating to interest on the Notes will be subject to the same tax rule previously set out for payments

--- Page 99 ---
90
made by the Issuer (i.e. payable free of withholding tax provided that the relevant information obligations 
outlined in “Disclosure obligation in connection with payments on the Notes” below are complied with).
6
Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes
The Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to gather certain information relating to the Notes. In 
accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, certain 
information with respect to the Notes must be submitted to the Issuer at the time of each payment (or, 
alternatively, before the tenth calendar day of the month following the month in which the relevant payment is 
made).
Such information includes the following:
(a)
Identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b)
the date on which the relevant payment is made;
(c)
total amount of income from the Notes;
(d)
total amount of income (either from interest payments or redemption) corresponding to each clearing 
house located outside Spain.
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a certificate the 
form of which is attached as Annex I to this Base Prospectus. In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal
Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes by the 
close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding each relevant Payment Date. If, despite these 
procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Issuer on each Payment Date, the Issuer will 
withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of interest payable in 
respect of the relevant Notes. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such 
withholding.
If, before the tenth day of the month following the month in which interest is paid, the Fiscal Agent provides 
such information, the Issuer will reimburse the amounts withheld.
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks 
relating to withholding – Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation”.
The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not accept any responsibility relating to the procedures 
established for the collection of information concerning the Notes and they will not be liable for any damage 
or loss suffered by any holder who would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax 
but whose income payments are nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because these procedures 
prove ineffective. Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such 
withholding. See “Risk Factors”. The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are 
set out in detail in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, which may be inspected upon reasonable notice, at the 
specified offices of the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. Should any withholding tax be levied in Spain, holders of 
the Notes should note that they may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any tax refund which may 
be available to them.
In the event that the currently applicable procedures were modified, amended or supplemented by, amongst 
others, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the Issuer will inform 
the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, as the Issuer may be required to 
apply withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes if the Noteholders would not comply with such 
information procedures. In such case, the Issuer will not pay additional amounts with respect to the Notes as a

--- Page 100 ---
91
result of the imposition of such withholding tax, as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation).
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish. In the event of 
any discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the 
corresponding English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will only hold the Spanish language version of 
the relevant certificate as the valid one for all purposes.
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions including Spain have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign pass thru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Federal Register generally 
would be grandfathered for the purpose of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms 
and Conditions – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 101 ---
92
Annex I
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de 
desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real 
Decreto 1065/2007
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de las 
actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de 
los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (...)(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (....)(1) y domicilio en (...) en calidad de (marcar la letra que 
proceda):
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (....)(1) and address in (...) as (function - mark as applicable):
(a)
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones.
(a)
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form.
(b)
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero.
(b)
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country.
(c)
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español.
(c)
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory.
(d)
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor.
(d)
Paying Agent appointed by the issuer.
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records:
1.
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44:
1.
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44:
1.1 
Identificación de los valores........................................................................................................................
1.1
Identification of the securities .......................................................................................................................
1.2
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados)...................................................................................................................................................
1.2
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)..........................
1.3
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores
emitidos al descuento o segregados)...........................................................................................................

--- Page 102 ---
93
1.3
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated)............................................................................................................................
1.4
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso 
intervenga una Entidad Gestora
1.4
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su 
importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados).
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to 
be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated).
2.
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44.
2.
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44.
2.1
Identificación de los valores........................................................................................................................
2.1 
Identification of the securities .......................................................................................................................
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados)...................................................................................................................................................
2.2
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) ......................
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados .................................................................................................................................................
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated).....................................................................................................................................................
2.4
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero A.
2.4
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country A.
2.5
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero B.
2.5
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country B.
2.6
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero C.
2.6
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country C.
Lo que declaro en ………………………… a ........ de …………. de …........
I declare the above in……………………on the ...... of …………... of ……....
(1)En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el número o 
código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia
(1)In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be included the 
number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 103 ---
94
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banca March, S.A., Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco de Sabadell, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bestinver Sociedad de Valores, 
S.A., BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V., UniCredit Bank AG and Société Générale (the “Dealers”). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased 
by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 5 May 2022 and made between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers (the “Dealer Agreement”). Any such agreement will, inter alia, make 
provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be 
purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by 
the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
United States of America
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA 
is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
The Notes are subject to U. S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U. S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes and the Guarantee, (i) 
as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, 
in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to 
the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer shall notify 
each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U. S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes and the Guarantee within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U. S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes and the Guarantee within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available

--- Page 104 ---
95
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms  in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 105 ---
96
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to 
the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:
(i)
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:
(ii)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:
(A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or

--- Page 106 ---
97
(B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer;
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor; and
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed that an offering of Notes 
may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article 
I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it 
has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the 
Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances 
which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the 
relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes 
of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or 
other entity organised under the laws of Japan.
Kingdom of Spain
The Dealers have represented and agreed that the Notes will not be offered, sold or distributed, nor will any 
subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offer of securities in Spain within the meaning of the Spanish Securities Market Law (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores), as amended and restated, or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under 
Spanish securities laws. Neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish 
Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore the Base 
Prospectus is not intended for any public offer of the Notes in Spain.

--- Page 107 ---
98
Republic of Italy
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other 
document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) (“Qualified Investors”), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 
(the Financial Services Act) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 11971 
of 14 May 1999 (the “Regulation 11971/1999”), all as amended from time to time; or 
(b)
in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers of securities to be made to the public 
offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998 (“Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter of the Regulation 11971/1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes in the Republic of Italy or distribution of copies of this Base
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) and 
(b) above must be:
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended; and
(ii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations.
Singapore 
Each Dealer represents that the Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, the Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA.
Switzerland
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 108 ---
99
General
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief 
with all applicable securities laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" 
above.
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
100
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of the 
Programme was authorised by the resolutions of the board of directors of the Guarantor passed on 30 June 
2014 on the basis of the authorisation granted by a resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting of 
Shareholders passed on 24 June 2014. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
joint directors of the Issuer passed on 22 April 2022. The Guarantor authorised the update of the Programme 
and the Guarantee by a resolution of its Board of Directors passed on 26 April 2022.
Significant/Material change
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor has there been any significant 
change in its financial position or performance since 31 December 2021, being the date of the most recently 
published audited financial information of the Issuer. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries taken as 
a whole, nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or performance of the Guarantor 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, since 31 December 2021, being the date of the most recently published 
audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Saved as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Guarantor – Litigation”, neither of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor nor any of the members of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
or the Guarantor are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in 
such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of any of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the Group.
Material contracts
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.
Independent Auditors to the Issuer and the Guarantor
The annual accounts of the Issuer for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 and the consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for each of the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 have been audited by KPMG Auditores, S.L.
KPMG Auditores, S.L. is registered in the Official Registry of Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de 
Cuentas) under number S0702. The registered office of KPMG Auditores, S.L. is Paseo de la Castellana, 
259C, 28046 Madrid, Spain.
Third party information
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published

--- Page 110 ---
101
by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The source of third-party information is identified where used.
Listing
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period 
of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market. However, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
Clearing of the Notes
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
Documents of display
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies of the following
documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent or at www.acciona.com:
(i)
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee and the forms of Global Notes, 
Definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons;
(ii)
a copy of this Base Prospectus, any future prospectuses, supplements, Final Terms (save that Final 
Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) and any documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference, and
(iii)
the by-laws of the Issuer and the Guarantor (together with an English translation thereof);
The English translations of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for each of the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020 and the English translations of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the 
Guarantor for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, together with the English 
translations of the respective auditor’s reports thereon, together with the English translation of the auditor’s 
statement thereon, can be accessed on the addresses on the Guarantor’s website set out in “Documents 
incorporated by reference”.
The Base Prospectus, any supplement prospectus and the Final Terms for notes listed on Euronext Dublin
will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 111 ---
102
LEI
The legal entity identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 959800MWMYPJ4TSSW126. 
The legal entity identifier (“LEI”) of the Guarantor is 54930002KP75TLLLNO21.

--- Page 112 ---
103
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Acciona Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
Avenida de Europa 18
28108 Alcobendas
Madrid
Spain
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR
Acciona, S.A.
Avenida de Europa 18
28108 Alcobendas
Madrid
Spain
ARRANGER AND DEALER
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Ciudad BBVA
Edificio Asia
c/ Sauceda 28
28050 Madrid 
Spain
DEALERS
Banca March, S.A.
Avenida Alejandro Rosselló 8
07002 Palma de Mallorca
Spain
Banco de Sabadell, S.A.
Avenida Óscar Esplá 37
03007 Alicante
Spain
Banco Santander, S.A.
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1
28027 Madrid 
Spain
Bestinver Sociedad de Valores, S.A.
Velázquez 140, 2º
28006 Madrid
Spain
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France

--- Page 113 ---
104
CaixaBank, S.A.
Pintor Sorolla, 2-4
46002 Valencia 
Spain
Crédit Agricole
Corporate and Investment Bank
12, Place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking
Via Manzoni 4
20121 Milan
Italy
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
Amsterdam 1082 MD
The Netherlands
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany
Société Générale
29 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
One Canada Square
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom
IRISH LISTING AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch
Hanover Building
Windmill Lane
Dublin 2
Ireland

--- Page 114 ---
105
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
KPMG Auditores, S.L.
Paseo de la Castellana 259 C
28046 Madrid
Spain
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law
Simmons & Simmons LLP
Miguel Ángel 11
28010 Madrid
Spain