--- Page 1 ---
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)
€3,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Guaranteed by 
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A.
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Acciona 
Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may 
from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €3,000,000,000
(or the equivalent in other currencies). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified below and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis 
(each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). Payments under the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Corporación 
Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A (the “Guarantor”).
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public 
in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” 
(and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
The validity of this Base Prospectus shall expire on 21 July 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies, does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Each Tranche of Notes (as described below) will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” as completed 
by a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central 
Bank on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes).
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors”.
The Notes will be in bearer form. The Notes of each Tranche will be represented on issue by a temporary global note or a permanent global 
note (each a “Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note form, they will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are not issued in new global note form will be deposited on 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. See “Form of the 
Notes”.
Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, Sucursal en España, a branch of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) has assigned a long-term 
corporate credit rating of “BBB-” and a short-term rating of “F3” to the Guarantor and a “BBB-” rating to the Programme. DBRS Ratings 
GmbH (“DBRS”) has assigned a long-term corporate credit rating of “BBB (high)” and a short-term rating of “R-2 (high)” to the Guarantor 
and a “BBB (high)” rating to the Programme. Fitch and DBRS are established in the European Economic Area and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by Fitch, DBRS or other rating agency or be unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. The rating(s), if any, of a 
certain series of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Dealers
Banca March
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Banco Sabadell
Bankinter
Bestinver
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities
CaixaBank
Crédit Agricole CIB
HSBC
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo
J.P. Morgan
ING
Mizuho
Morgan Stanley
NatWest Markets
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
UniCredit
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 July 2023

--- Page 3 ---
iii
IMPORTANT NOTICE
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect its import.
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Arranger or the Dealers accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger 
or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented, or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and other offering materials in relation to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”.
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance

--- Page 4 ---
iv
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
Notification under section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as
amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, 
all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on recommendations on Investment Products).
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) or any other 
benchmark, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrator of EURIBOR, EMMI, is included on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “ESMA 
Benchmarks Register”) established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks

--- Page 5 ---
v
Regulation”).
Notes issued under the Programme will have the benefit of an English law governed deed of guarantee dated 
21 July 2023 (the “English Law Guarantee”) or a Spanish law governed guarantee dated 21 July 2023 (the 
“Spanish Law Guarantee”) (each a “Guarantee” and, together, the “Guarantees”). Payments under the Notes 
will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the English Law Guarantee 
unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are guaranteed pursuant to the Spanish Law Guarantee
in which case the Notes will be guaranteed by the Spanish Law Guarantee and not by the English Law Guarantee.
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger.
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Spanish tax implications and procedures in connection 
with an investment in the Notes (see “Risk Factors – Risks relating to withholding – Risk in relation to Spanish 
taxation” and “Taxation – Taxation in Spain”). No comment is made or advise is given by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers in respect of taxation matters relating to the Notes. Investors must seek 
their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes.
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan facilities and/or securitization 
transactions) and other related transactions with, and may perform financial and non-financial activities and 
services for, the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies 
involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate, and for which such 
Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and 
indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future 
receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or their affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject

--- Page 6 ---
vi
to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to them consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies. 
In relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be payable to 
the relevant Dealers.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable final terms 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
INFORMATION RELATING TO “GREEN BONDS”
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to apply an 
amount equal to the proceeds of those Notes to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Projects (as defined 
herein). These Notes are categorised in this Base Prospectus as “Green Bonds”. In such circumstances, 
prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, or referred to, under the section of the Base 
Prospectus headed “Use of Proceeds” and “Description of the Guarantor – Sustainability” and the paragraph 
“Reasons for the offer – Use of Proceeds” of the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information, together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of their own circumstances. 
Acciona Energía has in place a sustainable impact financing framework (such sustainable impact financing 
framework, together with any amendment or supplement thereto and/or any future sustainable impact financing 
framework adopted by Acciona Energía, the “Sustainable Impact Financing Framework”) which will apply 
to the issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, and which has been the subject of a second-party opinion 
issued by a provider of second-party opinions (such second-party opinion, together with any amendment or 
supplement thereto and/or any further second-party opinion issued in connection with the Sustainable Impact 
Financing Framework, the “Second-party Opinion”). Such Sustainable Impact Financing Framework and 
Second-party Opinion (together with any amendment or supplement thereof and future Sustainable Impact 
Financing Framework or Second-party Opinion) will be available for inspection in the Sustainable Financing
section of Acciona Energía’s website, at www.acciona-energia.com/shareholders-investors/stock-market-
information/sustainable-finance/?_adin=11551547647.
Any information on, or accessible through, the website of Acciona Energía and the information in the 
Sustainable Impact Financing Framework and the Second-party Opinion is not, nor shall it be deemed to be,

--- Page 7 ---
vii
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Second-party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations. The 
Second-party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification provided in connection with the issue of 
“Green Bonds” under the Programme is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any 
investment in any Notes including, without limitation, market price, marketability, investor preference or 
suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. No assurance or 
representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of their group, the Arranger, the Dealers 
or any other member of their group, or any second-party opinion provider as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with the 
offering of any “Green Bonds” under the Programme.Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation 
by the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was 
issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer as to the 
suitability of any Notes issued under the Programme to satisfy any present or future investment criteria or 
guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Sustainable 
Impact Financing Framework. No assurance can be given that Eligible Green Projects will meet investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers have undertaken, or are responsible for, any assessment or monitoring of the use 
of the proceeds of the Notes issued under the Programme. Each prospective investor should have regard to the 
factors described in the Sustainable Impact Financing Framework and the relevant information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser 
regarding its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest.
Although Acciona Energía intends to use the proceeds of any Notes issued as “Green Bonds” to finance and/or 
refinance Eligible Green Projects as set out herein and in accordance with its Sustainable Impact Financing 
Framework, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green 
Projects will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that 
Acciona Energía will be able to use the proceeds of any Notes issued as “Green Bonds” to finance and/or 
refinance Eligible Green Projects as intended, or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of such 
intention will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding green 
financing or sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
other governing rules or guidance.
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, “sustainable”, “social”
or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance 
is given that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by that any such listing or admission to trading will be sought or 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the Notes.

--- Page 8 ---
viii
INTERPRETATION
All references in this Base Prospectus to “euro” refer to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended from time to time.
In this Base Prospectus the words “Acciona Energía” refer to the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries.
In this Base Prospectus the word “Acciona” refers to Acciona, S.A. and the words “Acciona Group” refer to 
Acciona and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries.
As used in this Base Prospectus, the term “IFRS-EU” refers to the International Financial Reporting Standards 
as adopted by the European Union.
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
This Base Prospectus (which reference includes any information incorporated by reference herein) includes 
alternative performance measures (as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority guidelines (the 
“ESMA Guidelines”) on Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”).
The financial information presented in this Base Prospectus refers to EBITDA, which constitutes an APM for 
the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines. “EBITDA” is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation 
and amortisation, and it therefore shows the operating result of the Group. It is calculated by taking the 
following items from the consolidated income statement: Net revenue, Other revenue, Cost of goods sold, 
Personnel expenses, Other operating expenses and Equity-accounted profit (loss) from similar activities.
The management of the Guarantor uses EBITDA to track the performance and profitability of the group and its 
operating segments and technologies, as applicable, and to establish operational and strategic objectives. It is 
also a measure that is widely used by investors in appraising companies’ performance.
Certain additional APMs are used in, and defined by, the directors’ reports of the Guarantor for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, both of which are incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus (see “Documents incorporated by reference”).
Investors should note that not all companies calculate financial measures, such as the APMs presented by 
Acciona Energía in this Base Prospectus, in the same manner and, as a result, these are not always directly 
comparable to performance metrics used by other companies. Additionally, the APMs presented by Acciona 
Energía in this Base Prospectus are unaudited and have not been defined or prepared in accordance with IFRS-
EU or any other accounting standards. Accordingly, these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute 
for measures defined according to IFRS-EU. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect Acciona Energía’s intentions, beliefs or 
current expectations and projections about Acciona Energía’s future results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends, future developments and the markets 
Acciona Energía serves or intends to serve. Acciona Energía has tried to identify these and other forward-
looking statements by using the words “may”, “could”, “will”, “would”, “should”, “expect”, “intend”, 
“estimate”, “anticipate”, “project”, “future”, “potential”, “believe”, “seek”, “plan”, “aim”, “objective”, “goal”,

--- Page 9 ---
ix
“strategy”, “target”, “continue”, and similar expressions or their negatives. Forward-looking statements may be 
found in “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Guarantor”, in the directors’ reports for the financial years
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions and 
other factors that could cause Acciona Energía’s actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans or opportunities, as well as those of the markets 
Acciona Energía serves or intends to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these 
forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by any applicable securities laws and regulations and 
by any applicable stock exchange regulations, Acciona Energía undertakes no obligation to update publicly or 
revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed 
circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base Prospectus. Given the uncertainty inherent in 
forward-looking statements, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these statements.

--- Page 10 ---
x
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME.............................................................................................................. 1
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 6
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.....................................................................................26
FORM OF THE NOTES...................................................................................................................................29
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................32
FORM OF FINAL TERMS...............................................................................................................................62
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM.....................78
USE OF PROCEEDS........................................................................................................................................80
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................82
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ........................................................................................................83
TAXATION.....................................................................................................................................................100
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................108
GENERAL INFORMATION..........................................................................................................................115

--- Page 11 ---
1
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview is qualified by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms. Capitalised terms which are defined in “Form of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”
have the same meaning when used in this overview. References to numbered Conditions are to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) as set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.
Issuer
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
Issuer legal entity identifier
254900CO48EPLIMJDK17
Guarantor
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A.
Guarantor legal entity 
identifier
254900UPX0OEHTKB9Y44
Risk Factors
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
See “Risk Factors”.
Description
Euro Medium Term Note Programme.
Size
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time.
Arranger
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Dealers
Banca March, S.A., Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco de
Sabadell, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bankinter, S.A., Bestinver 
Sociedad de Valores, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, BofA Securities Europe SA,
CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P.
Morgan SE, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe 
SE, NatWest Markets N.V., UniCredit Bank AG and Société Générale.
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer or appoint new Dealers, either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
Fiscal Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.
Irish Listing Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Dublin Branch.
Method of issue
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) issued on different issue dates. 
The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms. The specific terms of each Tranche 
will be completed in the final terms (the “Final Terms”).
Issue Price
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.
Form of the Notes
Notes will be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially 
be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global

--- Page 12 ---
2
Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global 
Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
“Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New 
Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. 
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Clearing Systems
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
Currencies
Any currency, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulations.
Maturity
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulations.
Denomination
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms save that (i) in the case of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to 
the public in an EEA State in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).
Fixed Rate Notes
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series:

--- Page 13 ---
3
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (A) 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) 
or (B) the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any 
successor thereto), as published by ISDA on its website 
(http://www.isda.org) on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series; or
(b) by reference to EURIBOR, as adjusted for any applicable margin.
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or 
be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest
period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
Redemption
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).
Optional redemption
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders.
Maturity Call Option and 
Clean-Up Call Option
The applicable Final Terms in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the
option of the Issuer pursuant to an Issuer Maturity Call Option or a 
Clean-up Call Option. See Condition 6(e) (Issuer Maturity Call Option) 
and Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Call Option).
Change of Control Put 
Option
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the holders upon the occurrence of a Change of Control as 
further described in Condition 6(h) (Redemption or purchase at the 
option of Noteholders following a Change of Control (Change of 
Control Put Option).
Status of the Notes
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and 
the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative

--- Page 14 ---
4
Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future.
Guarantees
Payments under the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the English Law Guarantee 
unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are guaranteed 
pursuant to the Spanish Law Guarantee in which case the Notes will be 
guaranteed by the Spanish Law Guarantee and not by the English Law 
Guarantee.
Status of the Guarantees
The Guarantees constitute (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. The payment obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantees shall, save for such exceptions as may 
be provided by applicable legislation and (subject to Condition 4
(Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of the Guarantor, present and future.
Negative Pledge
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge, as described in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge).
Cross default
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default provision, as described 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default).
Tax redemption
The Issuer may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole but not in part, 
at their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the 
date of redemption if the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
certain tax laws and regulations and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the issuer taking reasonable measures to it. See Condition 6(c)
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons).
Withholding tax
The payment of interest and other amounts in respect of the Notes will be 
made free of withholding taxes in Spain, unless such taxes are required 
by law to be withheld. In such case the Issuer will pay additional amounts 
as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the 
Noteholder after such deduction or withholding shall equal the respective 
amounts which would have been receivable by such Noteholder in the 
absence of such deduction or withholding; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in certain circumstances set out in the 
Conditions. See Condition 8 (Taxation).
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1145/2011, it is not 
obliged to withhold any tax amount provided that the simplified 
information procedures (which do not require identification of the 
Noteholders) are complied with by the Fiscal Agent, as described in 
“Taxation – Taxation in Spain – Disclosure obligations in connection with 
payments on the Notes”.
In the event that the currently applicable procedures are, after the date of 
this Base Prospectus, modified, amended or supplemented by any Spanish 
law or regulation, or any ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección 
General de Tributos), the Issuer will inform the Noteholders of any such

--- Page 15 ---
5
change in the information procedures and of any implications such 
changes may have for the Noteholders. In particular, there can be no 
assurance that the Issuer will not be required to apply withholding tax on 
interest payments under the Notes as a result of any such changes in the 
information procedures. In such event, the Issuer would not pay any 
additional amounts.
For further information, see “Risk Factors – Risks in relation to Spanish 
taxation ”, Condition 8 (Taxation) and “Taxation – Taxation in Spain –
Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes”.
Governing law
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the English Law 
Guarantee and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. The Spanish Law Guarantee and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law. The status of the Notes 
and the Guarantees as described in Condition 3 (Status) is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law.
The Courts of England will have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes or the English Law 
Guarantee. The Spanish Courts will have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Spanish Law 
Guarantee.
Listing
Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. The applicable Final Terms will 
state the stock exchanges or markets on which the relevant Notes are to 
be listed or admitted to trading.
Ratings
The Programme has been rated “BBB-” by Fitch and “BBB (high)” by 
DBRS. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by Fitch 
and/or DBRS or other rating agency or be unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency.
Selling Restrictions
United States, EEA, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Japan, Kingdom of 
Spain, Republic of Italy, Singapore and Switzerland. See “Subscription 
and Sale”.

--- Page 16 ---
6
RISK FACTORS
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the 
business of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industry in which they operate together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words 
and expressions defined in the Conditions below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings 
in this section.
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes but are the material risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be the most 
relevant to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. Additional 
risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor, or that they currently deem immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or 
part of their investment. Prospective investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the 
Instruments is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and their personal circumstances.
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Guarantor and to Acciona Energía, including the Issuer.
Acciona Energía is affected by a series of risk factors that affect exclusively Acciona Energía, as well as a series 
of external factors that are common to businesses of the same sector. The main risks and uncertainties faced by 
Acciona Energía, which could affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are 
set out below and must be considered jointly with the information set out in the consolidated annual accounts 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
These risks are currently considered by the Issuer and the Guarantor to be specific to Acciona Energía and 
material for taking an informed investment decision in respect of the Notes. However, Acciona Energía is subject 
to other risks that have not been included in this section based on Acciona Energía's assessment of their 
probability of occurrence and the potential magnitude of their impact.
Risks in relation to the business of Acciona Energía
Successful implementation of Acciona Energía’s growth plan
Acciona Energía seeks to increase its energy sales in the future as it develops its pipeline. Acciona Energía plans 
to increase its total installed capacity from approximately 11.2GW as of 31 December 2021 to 20GW by the 
end of 2025, mostly from Spain and other international markets, particularly, the United States, Latin America 
(particularly Peru and Chile) and Australia. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Acciona Energía’s pipeline consists of under construction and secured 
projects (projects that are under construction or for which construction is expected to commence in 2023 or 
2024) and  a mature pipeline comprised of (a) highly visible projects (projects for which land and grid access 
have been secured or are close to being secured, and discussions for offtake solutions are in advanced stage 
and/or there is visibility on award mechanisms) and (b) advanced development projects (projects for which land 
or grid access has not yet been secured but which such milestone is close to being secured). In addition, Acciona 
Energía has identified additional opportunities and is also exploring new technologies. Acciona Energía expects 
its pipeline to be executed gradually, increasing the speed of growth progressively.
There can be no assurance that Acciona Energía’s pipeline and growth plan will be realised or, if realised, will 
be profitable. Projects may be terminated or suspended and a project’s scope and schedule may change. Material

--- Page 17 ---
7
delays, cancellations or payment defaults, whether or not resulting from force majeure events such as adverse 
weather conditions and other events beyond Acciona Energía’s control, could materially and adversely affect 
Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
As a result of the above, Acciona Energía may not be able to successfully implement its growth plan within the 
expected timeframe or at all. Even if a project proceeds as expected, the relevant customer (for example, a 
counterparty under a power purchase agreement (“PPA”)) may still default and fail to pay amounts owed to 
Acciona Energía or applicable tariffs and remuneration may be reduced as a result of unfavourable policy 
changes in the countries where Acciona Energía operates. Moreover, any operational efficiencies or increased 
profitability that Acciona Energía expects to realise may differ materially from its expectations, and any 
synergies, cost savings or productivity enhancements that Acciona Energía realizes may be offset, in whole or 
in part, by reductions in turnover or through increases in expenses.
Implementing Acciona Energía’s growth plan may be more expensive, time consuming and resource intensive 
than anticipated and it may put considerable strain on its internal processes and capabilities. If Acciona Energía 
is unable to manage these changes effectively, it may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, 
execute its business strategy successfully or respond to competitive pressures. As a result, Acciona Energía’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
Acciona Energía has incurred material indebtedness and will incur substantial additional indebtedness in 
the future
Acciona Energía’s industry is capital intensive and it needs to make significant investments to develop, 
construct and subsequently operate its projects. In this context, Acciona Energía expects the target growth of its 
total installed capacity to 20GW by the end of 2025 to imply a total investment of approximately €7.8 billion 
between 2021 and 2025.
In the near future, Acciona Energía intends to fund its projects through internal cashflow generation and 
incremental indebtedness, and to a lesser extent, by contributions from non-controlling interests. Incremental 
indebtedness will be primarily in the form of corporate debt incurred by the Issuer with the guarantee of the 
Guarantor in the banking and capital markets and on-lent by it to Acciona Energía’s project companies, although 
non-recourse project level debt may be appropriate for certain projects due to their size, currency denomination, 
geography or existence of partners, among other considerations.
Acciona Energía’s ability to obtain additional financing, or to do it in acceptable terms, is dependent on 
numerous factors, including (i) general economic outlook and capital markets conditions; (ii) credit availability 
from banks and other financial institutions; and (iii) Acciona Energía’s financial performance. Acciona 
Energía’s failure to enter into new or replacement financing agreements or to obtain additional indebtedness 
may have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Acciona Energía’s current and future level of indebtedness may affect its business and financial condition and, 
in particular: (i) Acciona Energía may be required to devote a significant portion of its cash flows to repay its 
debt, and therefore not be able to use such resources for other purposes, including the funding of new projects; 
(ii) Acciona Energía may become more vulnerable to adverse economic and market conditions, (iii) Acciona 
Energía may become less flexible to react to industry changes; (iv) Acciona Energía may be unable to make 
strategic acquisitions or undertake other corporate transactions; or (v) Acciona Energía may be unable to obtain 
additional indebtedness, or its ability to do so on favourable terms may be limited.
Additionally, Acciona Energía can give no assurance that it will be able to continue to secure financing on 
acceptable terms, or at all, in the future. Financial markets can be subject to periods of volatility and shortages 
of liquidity, the frequency and intensity of which may be exacerbated by external factors, as evidenced in 2020

--- Page 18 ---
8
by the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic. Since 2021, amid surging commodity prices and supply 
disruptions, inflation has soared globally, including in the United States, the European Union and many Latin 
American countries, a situation that has been exacerbated by the war in Ukraine. Rising inflation is leading 
central banks to tighten monetary policies, contributing, in a context of economic uncertainty, to higher volatility, 
restrictions on access to credit and an increase in financing costs. If Acciona Energía is unable to access capital 
markets or obtain other sources of finance at competitive rates, or at all, for a prolonged period, Acciona 
Energía’s cost of financing may increase, its ability to fund its operations may be significantly impaired and its 
strategy may need to be reassessed (including with regards to its pipeline), which could have a material adverse
effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
In addition to obtaining new funding, Acciona Energía may seek to refinance its existing debt. Acciona Energía
can give no assurance of the availability of financing on acceptable terms to refinance its existing indebtedness. 
If new financing is not available or proves more expensive than in the past, Acciona Energía’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected.
A deterioration in economic conditions worldwide and, particularly, in Spain, could have a material 
adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects
Acciona Energía’s business is influenced by the economic conditions worldwide and particularly in Spain and 
other countries where it operates, including, among others, the United States, Australia, Mexico, Chile, South 
Africa, Egypt, Italy, Portugal and Canada. Normally, robust economic growth in those areas where Acciona 
Energía is located results in greater demand for electricity, while slow economic growth or economic 
contraction have an adverse impact on its demand. 
The aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic brought a rise in the price of many raw materials, particularly energy, 
and the emergence of disruptions in global supply chains (or bottlenecks) which caused a significant upturn of 
inflationary pressures in many developed countries, including the United States and the euro area, and emerging 
markets where Acciona Energía operates. This situation was exacerbated by the Russian Federation’s invasion 
of Ukraine in February 2022 and the subsequent armed conflict, which increased further commodity prices, 
adding to supply disruptions, exacerbating inflation, contributing to tighter financial conditions and increasing 
market volatility. The conflict has also increased geopolitical and trade tensions. The tensions arising from this 
military conflict have also materialised in the form of sanctions imposed on the Russian Federation by the 
European Union, the NATO member countries and other countries and organizations, which have impacted 
exports and imports and multiple economic sectors. Acciona Energía has a limited operation in Ukraine, 
consisting on 3 PV plants with installed capacity of up to 100 MW, and investments in neighboring Poland. 
However, the continuation of the war in Ukraine and the accompanying international geopolitical and trade 
tensions and the persistence of the inflationary pressures could adversely affect economic and financing 
conditions in the countries in which Acciona Energía operates, which could have a negative impact on Acciona 
Energía’s consolidated revenues and increase Acciona Energía’s consolidated financing costs, which in turn 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of Acciona 
Energía.
Further, in the context of the existing inflationary pressures experienced by the global economy, central banks 
of many developed and emerging economies, including in the United States and in the euro area, have begun to 
withdraw the monetary stimulus introduced in previous years and tightened monetary conditions, a process that 
is likely to continue, which could result in tightening economic conditions in the countries where Acciona 
Energía operates, increase of financial costs, depreciation of financial assets, financial stress among sovereigns 
and financial institutions and liquidity restrains, circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition and results of operations of Acciona Energía.

--- Page 19 ---
9
In Spain, where Acciona Energía obtained a significant portion of its turnover for the year ended 31 December 
2022, the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) estimates that gross domestic product (“GDP”) increased by 
5.5% in 2022, and forecasts a 1.5% increase in 2023 and 2.0% increase in 2024. In the euro area GDP is 
estimated to have increased by 3.5% in 2022 and the IMF forecasts a 0.8% increase in 2023 and 1.4% in 2024 
(IMF World Economic Outlook, April 2023). 
The effects of COVID-19 were mitigated by the measures adopted by governmental authorities and the diffusion 
of vaccines, particularly in developed countries, but the emergence of new COVID-19 variants, such as 
Omicron at the end of 2021, could cause a new outburst of the pandemic and induce renewed economic 
disruptions affecting the Spanish economy or the economy of the countries in which Acciona Energía operates, 
circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of Acciona Energía.
Difficulties in connecting to distribution or transmission grids, a lack of transmission capacity or 
potential upgrade costs to the transmission grid could significantly impact Acciona Energía’s
ability to build its projects and to sell the electricity that Acciona Energía generates
In order to sell the electricity generated by Acciona Energía’s projects, Acciona Energía must connect them to 
the public distribution grid and the electrical transmission grid. Connection difficulties may affect both Acciona 
Energía’s pipeline and its operating projects.
In connection with Acciona Energía’s pipeline, Acciona Energía’s ability to build a project at a given location 
depends significantly on its ability to connect the project to the distribution and/or transmission grids. 
Successful connection to the grid depends on several factors, which vary from one country to another. These 
factors include, among others, the scope of the transmission infrastructure construction and the reliability and 
presence of local transmission infrastructure. Acciona Energía can give no assurance that it will obtain adequate 
grid connections within the expected time periods and at the expected cost for Acciona Energía’s project 
pipeline. Additionally, certain governmental authorities, such as is the case in Australia and South Africa, 
request operators to comply with increasingly stringent technical requirements that may make it more difficult 
for Acciona Energía to connect its projects to the distribution or transmission grids. 
Acciona Energía’s operating projects and its pipeline may be affected by a lack of available capacity in the grid, 
due to congestion, overproduction by connected facilities or excessive fluctuations in electricity market prices 
that could substantially impact Acciona Energía’s projects and cause reductions in plant size, delays in project 
implementation, increases in costs from transmission upgrades and potential forfeitures of any guarantees 
Acciona Energía has provided.
Such a lack of capacity could also cause the grid manager to request Acciona Energía to reduce its supply to 
the grid to below Acciona Energía’s regular production capacities (known as grid curtailment). Such grid 
curtailment requests automatically result in a loss of turnover generated by the affected projects and a reduction 
in their profitability.
Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects.
Acciona Energía’s PPAs may expose it to certain risks which may affect Acciona Energía’s
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
Acciona Energía’s projects often sell electricity under long term PPAs with counterparties, including 
government actors, state-owned and non-state owned utilities and corporate offtakers. For example, in the year 
ended 31 December 2022, 28.7% of Acciona Energía’s consolidated production was sold under PPAs, compared 
to 29.7% in the year ended 31 December 2021.

--- Page 20 ---
10
Under Acciona Energía’s PPAs, Acciona Energía sells power generated from its projects to the offtaker at a pre-
determined price even where there is no physical delivery of energy to the customer, such as under Acciona 
Energía’s virtual (or financial) PPAs. Certain of Acciona Energía’s PPAs are not subject to price revisions and 
accordingly, if there is an industry-wide increase in prices, Acciona Energía may not be able to renegotiate the 
terms of the PPAs to take advantage of the increased prices or may incur in losses under Acciona Energía’s 
virtual (or financial) PPAs. In addition, aggressive bids by competitors in the tenders in which Acciona Energía
participates may put downward pressure on the average sale price of Acciona Energía’s PPAs and may make it 
more difficult for Acciona Energía to submit winning bids at prices that ensure targeted or sufficient returns.
In the event Acciona Energía defaults in fulfilling its obligations under its PPAs, such as failing to supply the 
minimum amount of power specified in any such agreement, Acciona Energía may be liable for penalties and 
in certain specified events, customers may decide to terminate such PPAs. Further, any failure to supply power 
from the scheduled commissioning date may result in a requirement to pay liquidated damages. 
Acciona Energía’s PPAs may be terminated by the relevant counterparty, subject to the payment of penalties, 
under certain circumstances, including material delays in reaching the commercial operation date, lack of 
achievement of contracted energy volumes, unavailability of guarantees, changes in legislation not subject to 
mitigation measures by the relevant parties, extended force majeure events or certain rating downgrades. The 
termination of significant PPAs as a result of such termination, particularly with respect to Acciona Energía’s 
larger power generating assets, could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.
The financial performance of Acciona Energía’s projects is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued 
performance of contractual obligations by, Acciona Energía’s PPA counterparties. PPA counterparties may 
purchase less than the maximum amounts of energy committed with Acciona Energía, which may affect 
Acciona Energía’s expectations and may trigger an event of default. Further, the failure of PPA counterparties 
to fulfil their contractual obligations to Acciona Energía, whether due to insolvency or otherwise, could have a 
material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Additionally, under Acciona Energía’s PPAs, Acciona Energía’s remedies in case of delays in payment by its 
customers may be limited. Even in those cases when Acciona Energía obtains guarantees, it may not be able to 
fully limit exposure to counterparties and the resulting credit risk. Counterparty credit risk can increase when 
global or regional economies are experiencing periods of tension, such as during the COVID-19 pandemic or 
currently as a result of the conflict in Ukraine and the existing supply chain tensions. 
Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects.
The maintenance, refurbishment and dismantling of Acciona Energía’s projects involve significant 
risks that could result in unplanned power outages, reduced output and unanticipated investments 
The operation of Acciona Energía’s projects involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment 
or processes or performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. Periodically, Acciona Energía
experiences failures or interruptions in the operation of its turbines or substations or other material components 
of its projects. Such failures and performance issues can stem from a number of factors, including human error, 
intentional damage, power outages, fires, lack of maintenance, general wear over time and other unexpected 
events. Unplanned outages of generating units, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical 
failures or other problems relating to Acciona Energía’s operational projects may also occur from time to time 
and are an inherent risk of Acciona Energía’s business. For example, operational performance of Acciona 
Energía’s wind farms may be affected by, among other factors, failures and breakdowns of components such as 
turbines, substations, export cables and array cables, and the time required to repair such failures and 
breakdowns, which may be affected by weather conditions and the availability of skilled personnel, vessels and

--- Page 21 ---
11
spare parts. The occurrence of any of the above could cause turbines to be de-energized for a period of time that 
in certain circumstances may last several weeks or even months or years in the case of infrastructure with long 
lead times to replace or repair, such as with export cables or substations.
Unplanned outages at Acciona Energía’s projects typically increase its operation and maintenance (“O&M”) 
expenses, which may not be recoverable under the relevant PPA and may reduce Acciona Energía’s turnover as 
a result of selling reduced amounts of electricity or require Acciona Energía to incur significant costs, or could 
even lead to a default under a PPA that could result in its termination. In addition, critical equipment or parts 
may not always be readily available when needed, which may introduce significant downtime and delay in 
resuming facility operation and resulting lost turnover may not be fully compensated by O&M contracts’ 
penalty clauses. Certain specially manufactured or designed equipment or components require significant time 
and expense to build and deliver, and if such components do not function as planned or are damaged, replacing 
them can create substantial expense for Acciona Energía and generate significant downtime for the relevant 
facility.
Acciona Energía may also be obligated to dismantle certain assets and restore the site to its original state under 
the terms of certain contracts signed in relation to such assets. In these situations, Acciona Energía recognises 
a liability for the estimated current cost of dismantling the asset and restoring the site to its original condition 
over the accrual period, which is usually associated with the construction period of the asset. The liability for 
the dismantling provision represents management’s best estimate of the current cost of fulfilling the obligation 
of the value at which a third party would be willing to assume such an obligation as of the closing date of the 
consolidated balance sheet. However, there is no assurance that management’s estimates may be accurate, so 
Acciona Energía may incur additional significant costs. 
Higher than expected investments may be required due to changing environmental, health and safety laws and 
regulations (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof), necessary facility repairs or 
unexpected events (such as natural or man-made disasters or terrorist attacks). Any unexpected failure, 
including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated investments at Acciona 
Energía’s facilities, including in connection with the maintenance, refurbishment and dismantling of Acciona 
Energía’s projects, could result in reduced profitability and/or jeopardise the ability of Acciona Energía’s
projects to pay their debt or retain a PPA, meet other obligations and make distributions, any of which could 
have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.
Acciona Energía depends on a limited number of suppliers for materials and components, in 
particular, with respect to its wind turbines and solar modules and are subject to risks associated 
with fluctuations in the costs of such materials and system components
Acciona Energía obtains materials and other components for the construction of its projects, particularly 
turbines, from a limited number of suppliers. If Acciona Energía is not able to obtain materials and components 
for its projects that meet its quality, quantity and cost standards on time, Acciona Energía’s capacity to construct 
a project could be interrupted and its production costs could be increased. Furthermore, even well-maintained 
projects may from time to time experience technical problems or breakdowns as a result of various factors 
including erroneous installation or malfunction of components, which may require extensive repair. Depending 
on the component that fails and the design of the plant parts, production capacity may be affected. There is a 
risk that if the appropriate spare parts are not readily available, production may be delayed. Materials and 
components from new suppliers may also be less suitable for Acciona Energía’s technology and result in its 
projects having a lower availability rate, which could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 22 ---
12
Additionally, the cost of wind turbines, solar modules and other system components may increase due to 
numerous factors that are outside of Acciona Energía’s control, such as the increase in the costs of raw materials 
needed for the production of equipment for renewable energy facilities (such as steel, lithium, silicon or cobalt), 
anti-dumping measures in place or the adoption of any other trade measure between governments aimed at the 
key materials needed for Acciona Energía’s projects (such as the tariffs imposed in 2011 in the United States 
for the import of solar modules or the tariffs that may be imposed on imports from Malaysia, Thailand, 
Cambodia and Vietnam following the current investigation of the U.S. authorities in relation to those imports 
and their use of components from China) the supply chain disruptions experienced since 2021 and currently 
being exacerbated by the war in Ukraine, or other external events (such as the COVID-19 pandemic). These 
measures could increase Acciona Energía’s procurement costs, which could negatively affect the value of its 
projects or even render some of them non-viable. For example, Acciona Energía has experienced significant 
increases in the price of wind turbines in the past, such as in 2005, as a result of the expansion in the renewable 
energy industry. 
In the last ten years,Acciona Energía sourced all of its wind turbines for new wind farms from Nordex, in which, 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Acciona holds a 47.11% equity interest outside of Acciona Energía. 
Acciona Energía maintains a cooperation agreement with Nordex that does not entail any exclusivity obligations 
for Acciona Energía. The high degree of reliance on Nordex exposes Acciona Energía to certain risks, including, 
in particular, delays if Acciona Energía’s demand exceeds their available offer, price increases imposed by them, 
a limited supply of turbine maintenance services or turbine spare parts or lack of supply at all whether due to 
insolvency, manufacturing issues or otherwise. Any of these risks may be heightened by the fact that wind 
turbines are an essential part of Acciona Energía’s wind farms which are used throughout the life of a project, 
so Acciona Energía is dependent on Nordex over time. Additionally, certain permits and licenses are given 
subject to the use of a specific type or model of wind turbine, which could make sourcing materials and 
components from an alternative supplier impossible or impracticable. Any of the foregoing could have a 
material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Acciona Energía relies on its IT infrastructure, and delays or outages in, or any potential cyber-
attacks on, its IT systems and networks could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s
business
Acciona Energía’s business relies on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of its information technology 
(“IT”) infrastructure, which includes complex and sophisticated computer, telecommunication, supervisory 
control, data processing, data acquisition and data monitoring systems. Acciona Energía may be subject to IT 
failures of, and disruptions to, such systems and networks, which are used throughout Acciona Energía’s
business, including at its highly automated plants and for the distribution and supply of power. These may be 
caused by issues with system updates, natural disasters, malicious cyber-attacks, accidents, power disruptions, 
telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic breaches or 
similar events or disruptions. For example, the ability of Acciona Energía to perform remote operation services 
through its Renewable Energy Control Centre (“CECOER”) heavily relies on the automatisation and 
digitalisation of Acciona Energía’s services and thus, any unexpected events affecting Acciona Energía’s 
information technology infrastructure could affect its ability to provide these services. Disruptions to Acciona 
Energía’s IT systems, as well as those of other energy industry participants, could severely disrupt 
administrative and business operations, including a loss of operational capacity and critical data. It could also 
result in a loss of service to customers and create significant expense to repair security breaches or system 
damage. Further, as well as adversely impacting business operations, a failure in Acciona Energía’s operations 
monitoring systems could lead to loss of revenue, non-compliance with contractual obligations or permit 
requirements and the imposition of fines or penalties. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect 
on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 23 ---
13
Risks in relation to the financial condition of Acciona Energía
Acciona Energía may be subject to impairment losses
Acciona Energía has property, plant and equipment located in different geographical areas which are subject to 
different regulatory environments. In accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework, at the end 
of each financial year, Acciona Energía assesses whether there is any indication of possible impairment or any 
evidence of changes in the facts or circumstances that gave rise to the previously-recognized impairment and 
any changes in regulations or other aspects that could modify future cash flow expectations. For example, as a 
result of the regulatory change that affected renewable energies in 2013, Acciona Energía had to register an
impairment loss in its results for the financial year ended 31 December 2013. Determining and assessing these 
indicators involves significant estimates and assumptions by directors and management, and any failure in such 
determination and assessment could materially and adversely affect Acciona Energía’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.
Acciona Energía may be subject to interest rate risks
Interest rate risk is particularly important in relation to the financing of projects in which the project’s cash 
flows and profitability are affected by potential changes in interest rates. Acciona Energía uses floating interest 
rates and derivatives to actively manage interest rate risk and minimize its impact. 
In 2021 and 2020, Acciona Energía’s loans and lines of credit accrued interest that was for the most part 
referenced to Euribor for financing in euros, although some of Acciona Energía’s debt is also referenced to other 
indices such as SOFR for debt in U.S. dollars, BBSY bid for financing in Australian dollars, WIBOR for 
financing in Polish zlotys and JIBAR for financing in South African rand, as Acciona Energía’s most relevant 
indices outside the Euro Zone. Further, central banks of many developed and emerging economies, including 
in the United States and in the euro area, have strengthened or announced further strengthening of monetary 
conditions to contain inflationary pressures, which should increase interest rates and financing costs (see “Risk 
Factors – Risk Factors in relation to the business of Acciona Energía – Acciona Energía has incurred material 
indebtedness and will incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future”). 
As part of its growth strategy, Acciona Energía intends to incur substantial additional significant indebtedness 
in the future to develop its business plan. As a result, it may be significantly more exposed to interest risk in the 
future than the exposure that it has as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Any increase of interest rates and 
financing costs could hamper the ability of Acciona Energía to obtain financing to develop its business plan and
could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects.
Acciona Energía may be subject to exchange rate risks
Due to the geographic reach of its business operations, Acciona Energía conducts business in various currencies, 
which exposes it to exchange rate risk. Acciona Energía is exposed to exchange rate risk primarily arising from 
debt assumed in foreign currencies, receivables referenced primarily to the evolution of currencies other than 
the euro and investments in foreign companies. To mitigate exchange rate risk, non-current assets in currencies 
other than the euro are financed in the same currency in which the assets are denominated and other transactions 
and cash flows in foreign currency are hedged.
Although Acciona Energía enters into hedging arrangements to cover exchange rate risk, there can be no 
assurance that any current or future hedging contracts will adequately protect Acciona Energía’s results of 
operations from the effects of exchange rate fluctuations or will not result in losses which could impair its ability 
to successfully compete in the market. Any of these risks could be exacerbated in periods of increased volatility 
in exchange rates such as that experienced in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 24 ---
14
As part of its growth strategy, Acciona Energía intends to significantly increase its international operations. As 
a result, it may be significantly more exposed to exchange rate risk in the future than it currently is. 
The business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Acciona Energía could be materially 
adversely affected as a result of any of the above risks.
Risks in relation to the industry of Acciona Energía
Fluctuations in market electricity prices
Market electricity prices often exhibit high volatility and depend on a number of factors including, but not 
limited to, the level of demand, the time of day, carbon prices, the availability and cost of generating capacity 
available to meet demand, and the structure of the particular markets, including the rules that determine the 
order in which generating capacity is dispatched and factors affecting the volume of electricity that can be 
handled by the available transmission infrastructure at a given point in time. The prices at which the energy that 
Acciona Energía produces may be sold in the market depend in part on the relative cost, efficiency and 
investment needed to develop and operate conventional energy sources (including oil, coal, natural gas and 
nuclear energy) and renewable energy sources such as those that Acciona Energía operates. A decline in the 
costs of other sources of electricity, such as fossil fuels or nuclear power, could reduce the price of electricity. 
A significant amount of new electricity generation capacity becoming available could also reduce the price of 
electricity. Broader regulatory changes to the electricity trading market (such as changes to integration of 
transmission allocation and changes to energy trading and transmission charging) also could have an impact on 
electricity prices. In addition, in Acciona Energía’s markets that have substantial solar or wind energy capacity, 
the simultaneous increase in solar or wind electricity supply during periods of high resource availability may 
drive down market prices.
There can be no assurance that market prices will remain at levels which enable Acciona Energía to maintain 
profit margins and desired rates of return on investment. A decline in market electricity prices could have a
material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Competition in the renewable energy markets is increasingly intense and may unfavourably affect 
Acciona Energía
The renewable energy markets may change rapidly because of changes in customer requirements, technological 
innovations, prices, industry standards, government-driven actions and domestic and international economic 
factors. The markets for Acciona Energía’s business are highly competitive and are continually evolving, and 
Acciona Energía faces significant competition in each of the markets in which it operates. Competitors 
frequently bid aggressively in the tenders in which Acciona Energía participates, calculating their bids based 
on assumptions of low prices for project components, as well as low construction, maintenance, capital and 
other costs. Such bids may put downward pressure on the average sale price and may make it more difficult for 
Acciona Energía to submit winning bids at prices that ensure targeted or sufficient returns, in particular to cover 
the debt financing of the relevant projects. 
In addition, in each of the markets in which Acciona Energía operates, Acciona Energía faces competition from 
local as well as global participants, many of which benefit from extensive experience (both domestically and 
internationally) in the development and operation of electrical generation facilities, as well as from financial 
resources, technical capabilities or local awareness that may be comparable to or greater than Acciona Energía’s. 
Additionally, new competitors may decide to enter Acciona Energía’s market as a result of, among other factors, 
lower initial resource analysis and development costs in comparison with the average costs in these concepts in 
other energy industries. Increased competition may materially adversely affect Acciona Energía’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 25 ---
15
The production of electricity from renewable resources depends heavily on weather conditions and 
on wind, solar and water resources. Further, risks relating to climate change and episodes of 
extreme weather events could have an adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s activity
Acciona Energía invests and plans to continue to invest in projects that depend primarily on wind and, to a 
lesser extent, solar, hydro power and biomass resources. 
The production of Acciona Energía’s projects depends largely on natural resources, such as wind intensity or 
speed, solar irradiation or rainfall. Although Acciona Energía plans its projects based on meteorological 
historical patterns, these resources are outside of Acciona Energía’s control and may vary significantly over 
time. If unfavourable meteorological conditions were to occur, particularly over the long term, they could 
negatively affect the profitability of impacted projects. For example, insufficient wind, solar irradiation or 
rainfall could lead to a decrease in production. Additionally, the production of Acciona Energía’s projects is 
also affected by seasonality. For example, Acciona Energía’s solar photovoltaic (“solar PV”) plants tend to 
produce less electricity during the shorter daylight hours in the winter.
In addition, risks relating to climate change or to extreme weather conditions could significantly affect Acciona 
Energía’s projects and business, or the business of Acciona Energía’s electricity purchasers. To the extent that 
climate change causes variations in temperatures, wind resources and weather, causes an increase in average 
cloud cover or increases the intensity or frequency of extreme weather events, it may have an adverse effect on 
Acciona Energía’s projects and business. As a result of extreme weather conditions, Acciona Energía has
experienced leaks in hydro power plants or damage to its turbines due to strong wind intensity, among others. 
If any of the above risks were to materialize, Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
Business in a highly regulated environment and the need to obtain permits, licenses and 
authorizations to carry out Acciona Energía’s activities
Acciona Energía is subject to extensive regulation that governs the performance of many of its activities in the 
countries where Acciona Energía operates, including for the construction, development and operation of wind 
farms, solar plants and other power plants or the awarding and operation of concessions, and also the 
remuneration that Acciona Energía can obtain from those activities. In addition, Acciona Energía is subject to 
significant demands with respect to obtaining and complying with the requirements of permits, licenses and 
authorizations, which may take the form of urban planning authorisations (such as construction permits), 
mandatory environmental impact assessments or studies, production and operation authorisations, 
authorisations to connect to the grid and other specific authorisations related to the presence of protected sites 
in proximity to Acciona Energía’s projects (such as archaeological sites, historic buildings, military or nuclear 
installations and forests). This exposes Acciona Energía to costs and liabilities relating to, among others, 
Acciona Energía’s operations and the management of its projects. 
Further, national governments and local authorities may, depending on the country, have a high degree of 
discretion in issuing any required permits, licenses and authorizations and they may exercise their discretion 
unpredictably. In addition, the multitude of government agencies involved may make the process of obtaining 
these permits, licenses and authorisations long, complex and expensive. Moreover, once granted, permits, 
licenses and authorisations may be subject to challenge by local residents and associations, which may argue 
that the installations will damage the landscape and biodiversity or cause noise pollution. Such opposition may 
extend the length of the development period or force Acciona Energía to abandon certain projects.

--- Page 26 ---
16
Permitting issues are particularly relevant to Acciona Energía’s pipeline projects as they may result in delays in 
the development and construction of Acciona Energía’s projects, increased costs or the need to halt the 
development of a project. If Acciona Energía fails to obtain the permits required for one or more of the projects 
that it has in its pipeline, Acciona Energía may not be able to recoup all or some of the costs that it may have 
incurred in the project development stage, or it may not be able to find alternative projects to implement its
growth strategy, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, Acciona Energía’s failure to comply or ensure 
compliance of its installations with any applicable laws and regulations, or to maintain any required licenses, 
permits or other authorisations, may result in sanctions by regulatory authorities, impediments by grid managers 
to connect Acciona Energía’s projects to the grid and/or the halting or temporary shutdown of projects that are 
already in operation. In addition, any breach of Acciona Energía’s regulatory obligations, or even incidents that 
do not amount to a breach, could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s reputation. Any of the 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects.  
Unfavourable changes in regulations or government policies in support of renewable energies 
could significantly affect Acciona Energía’s business
Acciona Energía’s business and, in general, renewable energy markets, including the development, construction 
and operation of projects, depend to a significant extent on the continued support of governmental and local 
authorities. Depending on the country, this support may take the form of state commitments and plans for 
renewable energy production, direct or indirect subsidies to operators, purchase obligations at feed-in tariff rates, 
payments of mandatory rates through feed-in premiums or in connection with tender processes, pricing rules 
for electricity produced from renewable resources, renewable energy supply quotas imposed on non-state 
professional consumers, the issuance of tradable renewable energy certificates, priority access to the distribution 
and transmission grids and tax levy exemptions and incentives. These policies and mechanisms typically 
enhance the commercial and financial viability of renewable energy projects and often make it easier for 
developers to secure financing.
A number of factors could result in the reduction or discontinuation of government policies in support of 
renewable energy in the different jurisdictions in which Acciona Energía operates, including pressure to 
improve the competitiveness of renewable energy products to ensure their competitiveness on a non-subsidized 
basis which may lead to levels of government support to be gradually phased out; political developments which 
could lead to a deterioration in the conditions for support for renewable energies; and legal challenges to subsidy 
regimes for renewable energy generation on constitutional and other grounds. 
Acciona Energía also sells electricity that is subject to feed-in tariffs. For example, in the year ended 31 
December 2022, 6.2% of Acciona Energía’s consolidated production was sold subject to feed-in tariffs (2021: 
9.1%). Unfavourable changes, or uncertainty, in feed-in tariffs could have a material adverse effect on the 
profitability and/or viability of Acciona Energía’s affected projects, especially if the resulting purchase prices 
are not high enough to cover a project’s cost and ensure an adequate return on investment. 
Any reversal of, or unfavourable changes to, governmental incentive policies, or interpretive issues and 
uncertainties around their implementation, or any decrease in the number of public calls for tenders or in the 
volumes of energy allocated through them, could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, public authorities in Spain and in other countries in which Acciona Energía is present are currently 
considering, or may consider in the future, new regulations or other measures to limit the increase of the price 
of electricity, either directly or through a limitation of the price of other energy sources, such as natural gas, or 
the market price of emission rights. These new regulations or measures could reduce or impact in other ways

--- Page 27 ---
17
the revenues of Acciona Energía from the sale of electricity which could have a material adverse effect on 
Acciona Energía’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Since 2021, as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, energy prices in Europe and, to a lesser extent, in 
other geographies, experienced a significant increase. European Member States applied different measures to 
tackle the impact of this increase for domestic consumers. The Spanish government was particularly active in 
this respect and applied measures that went beyond consumers’ protection (e.g. reduction of the tax burden, aid 
to vulnerable consumers, etc.) to intervene the market in order to restrict the so-called wind fall profits, which 
altered the sale of electricity generated by Acciona Energía’s assets. The most relevant of these measures were:
-
Gas clawback (as set out by RDL 17/2021, as amended): this regulation sets a floor on gas price of 
20€/MWh. The difference must be reimbursed by the electricity generators. This measure is in force since 
2021.
-
The ‘Iberian exception’ (as set out by RDL 10/2022, as amended): this mechanism restricts the price of the 
electricity applicable to consumers whose tariffs are exposed to wholesale pool price. This mechanism 
applies in Spain and Portugal since September 2021.
The large majority of measures adopted to tackle the impact of the increase of energy prices were temporary. 
In the case of Spain, the application of the aforementioned measures will end on 31 December 2023, returning 
to a normal scenario from a regulatory and market point of view. 
The impact of these measures, which entail a reduction in revenues, was mitigated in the case of Acciona 
Energía as a result of the application of certain exceptions (e.g. the no application of the gas clawback to 
renewable assets under regulated remunerated schemes and hedged long term contracts) and an adequate 
management of the sale or energy through forward agreements and PPAs. Additionally, the negative economic 
impact of these measures was partially offset by the increase in revenues as a result of the high energy market 
prices.
In December 2022, Spain approved a temporary levy on the turnover of banks and large energy companies 
(which, in principle, will apply only in 2023 and 2024). Electricity, gas and oil companies will be generally 
required to pay 1.2% of their net turnover (adjusted to exclude some elements of income). The levy applies to 
the Spanish business of companies and groups with a turnover in 2019 of EUR 1 billion or more, and only if 
the net turnover in 2017, 2018 and 2019 derived from an energy business as a regulated energy operator was 
not below 50% of the total net turnover of the group for each of those years. Acciona Energía believes that it 
will not be impacted by the levy as a result of the application of this exemption and that, should it fall inside 
the scope of the levy, its impact should not be material for Acciona Energía.
RDL 5/2023, of 28 June 2023, which came into effect on 29 June 2023, updates the parameters of the 
remuneration scheme for generation assets that use renewable resources for the period 2023-2025. The new 
regulation provides:
-
a change in the method for obtaining the market prices applicable to the bands of the adjustment mechanism 
for market price deviations, significantly lowering them with respect to those established in the proposal 
for updating the parameters for said period published on 28 December 2022;
-
that the weighted average value of the basket of electricity market prices for 2023 will be the minimum 
value between that value, as defined in article 22 of RD 413/2014, and the average annual price of the daily 
and intraday market for the year 2023; and
-
the updating of the fuel prices applicable to the operating remuneration for the first and second half of 2023 
for facilities whose operating costs depend essentially on those prices.

--- Page 28 ---
18
Order TED/741/2023 of 30 June 2023 on the remuneration parameters applicable to the 2023-2025 half-period 
on the basis set forth in RDL 5/2023, of 28 June 2023, came into effect on 3 July 2023 for the purposes of its 
application from the start of the regulatory half-period beginning on 1 January 2023.
The impact of these measures, in general terms, is not material for Acciona Energía. However, this proposal 
confirms the expectation obtained from the analysis performed at the end of 2022 of not receiving any 
investment remuneration for wind assets during the current regulatory half-year. It also modifies upwards the 
expected investment remuneration for biomass assets for the same period.
Any other legal or regulatory measures that may be approved to limit the price of energy or affecting the 
regulatory remuneration of generation assets, could have an impact on Acciona Energía’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Acciona Energía is subject to tax risks
Acciona Energía currently benefits from favourable or incentive-based tax regimes in some of the countries 
where it operates, including Spain, which are designed to facilitate the development and to promote the use of 
renewable energy sources and related investments. Conversely, Acciona Energía is subject to specific taxes 
applicable to companies operating in the energy industry and to local taxes applicable to the construction of 
energy-generating facilities or the use of electrical grids. The availability and extent of these tax incentives and 
specific taxes, respectively, may evolve as a result of changes in political and social sensitivity to environmental 
concerns and increasing maturity and profitability of the renewable energy markets as a whole. Any decrease 
in these tax incentives, or any increase in specific taxes and local taxes, could adversely affect Acciona Energía 
and result in a potential decrease in the relative competitiveness of renewable energy companies.
More generally, Acciona Energía is subject to tax laws and regulations in all the jurisdictions in which its
subsidiaries are located or operate, and such laws and regulations do not provide clear-cut or definitive 
guidelines in certain respects. Acciona Energía cannot guarantee that its interpretation of such laws and 
regulations will not be questioned by the relevant tax authorities. Any failure to comply with such laws or 
regulations, whether derived from an inadequate technical analysis or otherwise, may result in reassessments, 
late payment interests, fines and penalties. Furthermore, tax laws and regulations may change and there may be 
changes in their interpretation and application by the relevant authorities, potentially with retroactive effect, 
especially in the context of international and European initiatives (such as by the Organization for Economic 
Co-operation and Development, the G-20 or the European Union).
In addition, Acciona Energía may not be able to use deferred tax assets as a result of changes in tax laws and 
regulations in the various jurisdictions in which Acciona Energía operates, or otherwise. 
The occurrence of any of the preceding factors could result in an increase in Acciona Energía’s tax burden, 
damage Acciona Energía’s reputation and have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energía’s business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Acciona Energía is subject to litigation and other legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings
Acciona Energía is subject to the risk of legal claims and proceedings and regulatory enforcement actions in 
various jurisdictions arising in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise. See “Description of the 
Guarantor – Litigation”.
Acciona Energía is involved in legal proceedings from time to time and this situation may be exacerbated by 
any future growth of its operational portfolio. For example, Acciona Energía has, and may in the future have 
additional, partners in projects who may initiate legal proceedings against Acciona Energía if it fails to perform 
its obligations under the contracts that Acciona Energía has or may have, with them, as applicable. Claims

--- Page 29 ---
19
brought against Acciona Energía could include, among others, claims for late completion of the projects and 
claims for failure to deliver the agreed amount of energy. 
The results of legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Even if such 
proceedings are ultimately resolved in favour of Acciona Energía, they may divert a significant amount of its
resources and employees’ time or result in negative publicity, to the detriment of its business and reputation. 
Alternatively, such proceedings may result in substantial monetary damages, regulatory sanctions or even 
criminal sanctions, as well as damage to its reputation. There is no assurance that the results of current or future 
legal, administrative or regulatory proceedings or actions will not materially harm Acciona Energía’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. nor can it guarantee that it will not incur losses in 
connection with current or future legal, administrative or regulatory proceedings or actions that exceed any 
provisions that it may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or that exceed any available 
insurance coverage, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Acciona Energia Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Risks relating to withholding
Risks in relation to Spanish taxation
Payment of interest and other amounts in respect of the Notes will be made free of withholding taxes in Spain, 
unless such taxes are required by law to be withheld. In such case the Issuer will pay additional amounts as may 
be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholder after such deduction or withholding 
shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable by such Noteholder in the absence of such 
deduction or withholding, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in certain circumstances set 
out in the Conditions. See Condition 8 (Taxation).
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, in particular by Royal Decree
1145/2011 (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”), it is not obliged to withhold any tax amount on any interest paid under 
the Notes to the Noteholders provided that certain simplified information procedures (which do not require 
identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the Fiscal Agent, as described in “Taxation – Taxation 
in Spain – Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes”. 
On or around the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch (the “Fiscal Agent”) entered into an amended and restated fiscal agency agreement (the 
“Agency Agreement”) where they have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information 
concerning the Notes. The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant 
procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, 
amended or supplemented to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling 
or interpretation thereof.
If the Spanish tax authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer or the Guarantor,
as the case may be, of withholding to payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject
to Corporate Income Tax), the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will be bound by the opinion and,
with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders
may be required and the procedures, if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by the
Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation as
interpreted by the Spanish tax authorities. If this were to happen, subject to the provision of the relevant 
information in accordance with Condition 8 (Taxation), the Issuer would not gross up payments of any such 
withholding.

--- Page 30 ---
20
Holders of the Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the 
correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, or the Fiscal Agent assume 
any responsibility therefor.
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish tax resident individuals (and under certain
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by
such depositary or custodian at the rate of 19 per cent.
Risks in relation to the Notes
No active trading market for the Notes
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely
adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Risks in relation to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features.
Partly-paid Notes
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its investment.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price

--- Page 31 ---
21
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be 
expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, 
an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option (Condition 6(f)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to 
inform investors if and when 80% or more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding 
that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option the Notes 
may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.
Risks in relation to the Notes generally
Modification, waivers and substitution
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. The Conditions provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of Noteholders,
substitute for itself as principal debtor under any Notes another company.
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future.
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”.
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that 
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight 
rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates 
recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order

--- Page 32 ---
22
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue 
in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.
The elimination of the EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the 
Conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including but 
not limited to Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR which may, depending on the 
manner in which the EURIBOR benchmark is to be determined under the terms and conditions, result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was 
available). Amendments to the Conditions and/or relevant fall-back provisions may be required to reflect such 
discontinuance and there can be no assurance that any such amendments will fully or effectively mitigate all 
future relevant interest rate risks. Any change in the performance of a benchmark or its discontinuation, could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such benchmark.
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR or other benchmark rates may adversely affect the value of 
Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark rate
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be determined 
for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including 
any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable. Such 
fallback arrangements will include the possibility that the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component 
thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate 
(as applicable) determined by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions). This may result in any 
Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply in its current form. No consent or approval of the Noteholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any relevant amendments to the Conditions or the Agency Agreement.  Any such 
amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the 
particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment or amendment will be favourable to each 
Noteholder.
If a successor rate or alternative rate is determined, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as 
defined in the Conditions) may be determined and applied to such successor rate or alternative rate. The aim of 
the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and, even if an Adjustment Spread 
is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to 
Noteholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless 
be used to determine the Rate of Interest. In addition, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser 
or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make a determination, the ultimate fallback of 
interest for the Notes may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Note based on the rate which was last 
observed on the last relevant interest determination date. Any such consequences may adversely affect the value 
of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to, if “ISDA 2006 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final

--- Page 33 ---
23
Terms, the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or, if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate 
of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate. If the relevant IBOR is permanently 
discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the 
operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and 
may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes.
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds as Green Bonds
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to apply an 
amount equal to the proceeds of those Notes to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Projects (as defined in 
the “Use of Proceeds” section below). These Notes are categorised in this Base Prospectus as “Green Bonds”. 
Further information on the use of proceeds of Green Bonds and their allocation to Eligible Green Projects can 
be found on the Sustainable Impact Financing Framework of Acciona Energía. The Sustainable Impact 
Financing Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus.
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final 
Terms and the Sustainable Impact Financing Framework regarding such use of proceeds and consult with their 
legal and other advisers before making an investment in any such Notes and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. The Sustainable Impact Financing Framework may be amended 
at any time without the consent of Noteholders and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers 
assumes any obligation or responsibility to release (though for any Series of Notes, the applicable Sustainable 
Impact Financing Framework will be the version appearing on the website of Acciona Energía as at the Issue 
Date, regardless of any subsequent amendments thereto) any update or revision to the Sustainable Impact 
Financing Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of the 
Sustainable Impact Financing Framework. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
Second-party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by 
Acciona Energía) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with 
the suitability of any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such Second-part opinion or other opinion or certification (i) is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus, (ii) is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes and (iii) would only be current as of the date that it was initially issued.
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer as to the 
suitability of any Notes issued under the Programme to satisfy any present or future investment criteria or 
guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Sustainable 
Impact Financing Framework. No assurance can be given that Eligible Green Projects will meet investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers have undertaken, or are responsible for, any assessment or monitoring of the use 
of the proceeds of the Notes issued under the Programme. Each prospective investor should have regard to the 
factors described in the Sustainable Impact Financing Framework and the relevant information contained in this

--- Page 34 ---
24
Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser 
regarding its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest.
Although Acciona Energía intends to use the proceeds of any Notes issued as “Green Bonds” to finance and/or 
refinance Eligible Green Projects as set out herein and in accordance with its Sustainable Impact Financing 
Framework, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green 
Projects will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that 
Acciona Energía will be able to use the proceeds of any Notes issued as “Green Bonds” to finance and/or 
refinance Eligible Green Projects as intended, or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of such 
intention will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding green 
financing or sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
other governing rules or guidance. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default 
under the Notes and will not entitle the Noteholders to redeem the Notes prior to their maturity date.
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects as 
mentioned in the previous paragraph and/or the withdrawal of any such opinion, report or certification or any 
such opinion, report or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters 
for which such opinion, report or certification is opining, reporting or certifying on, may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”). The EU Taxonomy is subject to further development 
by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations for the 6
environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission 
adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, introducing the first set of technical screening criteria to 
define which activities contribute substantially to two of the environmental objectives under the EU Taxonomy: 
climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”). 
Any further regulation that is adopted in implementation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation or in connection with it 
may result in reviews of the relating screening criteria. While the intention is that Acciona Energía’s Eligible 
Green Projects would be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU Taxonomy, until the technical 
screening criteria for such objectives have been further developed it is not known whether Acciona Energía’s 
Eligible Green Projects will satisfy those criteria.
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission published a legislative proposal on European green bonds (the “EU 
Green Bond Proposal”. The EU Green Bond Proposal lays down a common framework of rules (the 
“European Green Bond Standard” or “EU GBS”) for issuers of bonds that wish to use the designations
‘European green bond’ or ‘EuGB’ in the issue of bonds that pursue environmentally sustainable objectives as 
defined by the EU Taxonomy Regulation. It also establishes a registration system and supervisory framework 
for external reviewers of European green bonds. In February 2023 it was announced that the Council of the 
European Union and the European Parliament had reached a provisional agreement on the approval of a 
European Green Bond Standard. Acciona Energía’s Sustainable Impact Finance Framework is aligned with the 
EU Green Bond Standard as laid down in the EU Green Bond Proposal and this circumstance has been 
confirmed by the Second-party Opinion (see “Description of the Guarantor – Sustainability – Sustainable 
Impact Financing Framework”). It is the intention of Acciona Energía that the Sustainable Impact Financing 
Framework will be aligned with the European Green Bond Standard as it may be further developed or be finally 
approved. However, until the relevant regulation is finally approved there is no assurance that the Sustainable

--- Page 35 ---
25
Impact Financing Framework will be aligned, or be capable of being aligned to, the European Green Bond 
Standard as it may be finally approved.
Investors should refer to the website of Acciona Energía and to the Sustainable Impact Financing Framework
for further information on these matters.

--- Page 36 ---
26
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following information is incorporated in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus:
(i)
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the English 
translation of the auditor’s report thereon and the English translation of the directors’ report;
(ii)
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the English 
translation of the auditor’s report thereon and the English translation of the directors’ report;
(iii)
the English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 prepared in accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework in Spain, 
together with the English translation of the auditor’s report thereon;
(iv)
the English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 prepared in accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework in Spain, 
together with the English translation of the auditor’s report thereon;
(v)
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 July 2022; and
(vi)
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 July 2021,
each of which has been previously filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and can be accessed on the following 
addresses on the Guarantor’s website:

the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022:
https:// procoazrbolsast1.blob.core.windows.net/media/k2cjzo1b/ccaacc-caer-2022.pdf

the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021:
https://procoazrbolsast1.blob.core.windows.net/media/3vkje5aq/caer-consolidated-annual-accounts-
2021.pdf

the English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022:
procoazrbolsast1.blob.core.windows.net/media/0qelukrg/ae-financiacion-fliales-sa-2022-eng.pdf

the English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021:
https://procoazrbolsast1.blob.core.windows.net/media/fummn0ue/acciona-energía-financiación-
filiales-s-a-traducción-2021.pdf

The terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 July 2022: 
https://procoazrbolsast1.blob.core.windows.net/media/kexlbkek/acciona-energia-emtn-programme-
2022-base-prospectus.pdf

--- Page 37 ---
27

The terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 July 2021: 
https://procoazrbolsast1.blob.core.windows.net/media/fummn0ue/acciona-energía-financiación-
filiales-s-a-traducción-2021.pdf
Cross-reference list
The following tables show where the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be
found in the above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the
information listed below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Page(s)
English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................
0
Consolidated Balance Sheet.....................................................................................................
4
Consolidated Income Statement...............................................................................................
5
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.................................................................
6
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.........................................................................
7-8
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow .....................................................................................
9
Notes ........................................................................................................................................
10-153
Directors’ Report......................................................................................................................
154-184
Page(s)
English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................
0
Consolidated Balance Sheet.....................................................................................................
3
Consolidated Income Statement...............................................................................................
4
Consolidated Statement of Recognised Income and Expenses ................................................
5
Consolidated Statement of Total Change in Equity..................................................................
6
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement..........................................................................................
7
Notes ........................................................................................................................................
8-128
Directors’ Report......................................................................................................................
129-168

--- Page 38 ---
28
Page(s)
English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................
(1)
Balance Sheet...........................................................................................................................
(9)
Income Statement.....................................................................................................................
(10)
Statement of Recognised Income and Expense........................................................................
(11)
Statement of Total Change in Equity........................................................................................
(12)
Cash Flow Statements..............................................................................................................
(13)
Notes ........................................................................................................................................
6-40
Notes ........................................................................................................................................
41-44
Page(s)
English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021
Auditor’s Report.......................................................................................................................
0
Balance Sheet...........................................................................................................................
1
Income Statement.....................................................................................................................
2
Statement of Changes in Equity...............................................................................................
3-4
Statement of Cash Flows..........................................................................................................
5
Notes ........................................................................................................................................
6-34
Page(s)
Terms and conditions 
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 July 2022........................
31-560
Terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 July 2021........................
31-59
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in connection with the listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin, in the event 
of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this 
Base Prospectus, prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to 
be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information or in any of the documents incorporated 
by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of 
this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by 
reference modifies or supersedes such statement provided that such modifying or superseding statement is made 
by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make the Base Prospectus, as 
so modified or amended, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 39 ---
29
FORM OF THE NOTES
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary Global Note (a “Temporary Global 
Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (a “Permanent Global Note”), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used.
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1. 163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
“TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1. 163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U. S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U. S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against:
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U. S. beneficial ownership,
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U. S. beneficial ownership; provided however that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note.

--- Page 40 ---
30
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”) if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes.
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U. S. 
beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification 
of non-U. S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Notes if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) 
occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 41 ---
31
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes whilst in Global Form” below.
Legend concerning United States persons
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect:
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.”

--- Page 42 ---
32
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form issued under the 
Programme. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes. 
References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 21 July 2023 between the Issuer, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a deed 
of covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 21 July 2023
executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) 
for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as 
defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to 
them. If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura pública) (the “Public 
Deed”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes and will register such Public Deed with the 
Mercantile Registry of Madrid. The Public Deed will contain, among other information, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme will have the benefit of an English law governed deed of guarantee dated 
21 July 2023 (the “English Law Guarantee”) or a Spanish law governed guarantee dated 21 July 2023 (the 
“Spanish Law Guarantee”) (each a “Guarantee” and, together, the “Guarantees”). Payments under the 
Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the English Law 
Guarantee unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are guaranteed pursuant to the Spanish 
Law Guarantee in which case the Notes will be guaranteed by the Spanish Law Guarantee and not by the 
English Law Guarantee.
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all 
respects.
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Guarantees are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents.
1 
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon, 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of those Notes).
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached. 
Title to the Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent

--- Page 43 ---
33
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note, “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes.
2 
No Exchange of Notes
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination.
3 
Status of the Notes and Guarantees
(a) Status of the Notes
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions 
as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present 
and future.
Interest on the Notes accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding 
(concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, no further 
interest on the Notes shall be deemed to accrue from the date of any declaration of insolvency.
(b) Status of the Guarantees
The Guarantees constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. The payment 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantees shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided 
by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Guarantor, present and 
future.
4 
Negative Pledge
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will create or 
permit to subsist, and the Guarantor will ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will create or 
permit to subsist, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest other than any arising by 
operation of law (each a “Security Interest”) upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or 
to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, unless in any such case:
(A)
before or at the same time as the creation of the Security Interest, any and all action necessary 
shall have been taken to ensure that:
(i)
all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes are secured equally and rateably with 
the Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee or indemnity, as the case may be; or

--- Page 44 ---
34
(ii)
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not including 
the giving of a Security Interest) is provided in respect of all amounts payable by the 
Issuer under the Notes as shall be approved at a meeting of Noteholders (in accordance 
with Condition 11); or
(B)
the Security Interest is to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of such Relevant Indebtedness) of a Principal Subsidiary, being an entity that became a 
Subsidiary after the Issue Date, so long as:
(i)
such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which such Principal Subsidiary 
became a Subsidiary and was not created in contemplation of such Principal Subsidiary 
becoming a Subsidiary or such Security Interest was created in substitution for or to 
replace either such outstanding Security Interest or any such substituted or replacement 
Security Interest; and
(ii)
the principal amount of the Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of such Relevant Indebtedness) is not increased after the date that such Principal 
Subsidiary became a Subsidiary.
In these Conditions:
“consolidated EBITDA” means, in relation to the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for any relevant period, 
by reference to the consolidated income statement of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, turnover, plus 
other income, supplies, staff expenses, other operating expenses and results from equity method entities 
with analogue activities.
“EBITDA” means, in relation to any Subsidiary of the Guarantor for any relevant period, by reference 
to the income statement of such Subsidiary, turnover, plus other income, supplies, staff expenses, other 
operating expenses and results from equity method entities with analogue activities.
“International Financial Reporting Standards” means International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union from time to time pursuant to Regulation 1606/2002/EC;
“Non-Recourse Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, substantially 
all the business of which involves the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, 
maintenance and/or operation of one or more assets (whether or not an asset of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries), or any associated rehabilitation works, and substantially all of the indebtedness of which 
is Project Finance Indebtedness;
a “person” includes any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
association, unincorporated association, limited liability company, organisation, trust, state or agency of 
a state (in each case whether or not being a separate legal entity);
“Principal Subsidiary” means:
(A)
Acciona Generación Renovable, S.A. (formerly  named Acciona Energía, S.A.); and
(B)
at any relevant time, any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than a Non-Recourse 
Subsidiary or a company which, as at the Issue Date, is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor the 
ordinary shares in which are listed on any stock exchange):
(i)
whose total fixed assets or EBITDA at any relevant time represent no less than 10 per 
cent. of the total consolidated fixed assets or consolidated EBITDA, respectively, of the 
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, as calculated by reference to the then latest consolidated

--- Page 45 ---
35
audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly report of the Guarantor and the latest non-
consolidated accounts or non-consolidated six-monthly reports of each relevant 
Subsidiary prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards or 
other applicable generally accepted accounting principles, provided that in the case of a 
Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports of the Guarantor
relate, then for the purpose of applying each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the 
Guarantor’s latest consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports 
shall be deemed to be a reference to such accounts or reports as if such Subsidiary had
been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial statements, adjusted 
as deemed appropriate by the auditors of the Guarantor for the time being after 
consultation with the Guarantor; or
(ii)
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a 
Subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Principal Subsidiary, provided 
that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal 
Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (ii), and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease 
to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (ii)(B) on the date on which 
the audited accounts or six monthly report of the Guarantor for the financial period 
current at the date of such transfer have been prepared as aforesaid, but so that such 
transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or 
at any time after the date on which such audited accounts or six monthly report of the 
Guarantor have been prepared as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of sub-paragraph
(ii)(A) above,
provided that, in the event that the total fixed assets or EBITDA of the Subsidiaries of the 
Guarantor that are Principal Subsidiaries represent in aggregate less than 75% of the total 
consolidated fixed assets or consolidated EBITDA of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, 
Principal Subsidiary shall include any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than a Non-
Recourse Subsidiary or a company which, as at the Issue Date, is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
the ordinary shares in which are listed on any stock exchange) that is necessary to reach said 
percentage. For these purposes, the total fixed assets and EBITDA of the Non-Recourse 
Subsidiaries and of any company which, as at the Issue Date, is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
the ordinary shares in which are listed on any stock exchange, shall be excluded from the 
calculation of the 75% of the total consolidated fixed assets and consolidated EBITDA of the 
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries.
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any indebtedness to finance or refinance the ownership, 
acquisition, development and/or operation of an asset or assets in respect of which the person or persons 
to whom any such indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries) has or have no recourse whatsoever to the Guarantor or any of 
its Subsidiaries for the repayment thereof except for:
(A)
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash flow or 
historic net cash flow) from such asset or the business of owning, acquiring, constructing, 
developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset; and/or
(B)
recourse to any shareholder or the like in the borrower over (i) its shares or the like (in each 
case, to the extent paid up) in the capital of, or (ii) shareholder loans or the like (in each case, 
to the extent drawn) to, the borrower to secure such indebtedness for borrowed money; and/or

--- Page 46 ---
36
(C)
recourse under any guarantee and/or indemnity of such indebtedness or completion of 
construction or development of an asset, provided that in any such case the guarantee and/or 
indemnity is (to the extent not permitted by any of the foregoing paragraphs) released or 
discharged if completion of the relevant construction or development occurs on or prior to the 
agreed date for completion referred to in or in connection with the guarantee and/or indemnity 
and no default under or in connection with such indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or any 
agreement relating thereto is then subsisting; and/or
(D)
recourse to the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, under any form of assurance, undertaking 
or support, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages 
and damages required to be calculated in a special way) for breach of an obligation (not being 
a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by another or an indemnity in respect 
thereof or an obligation to comply or to procure compliance by another with any financial ratios 
or other tests of financial condition) by the person against whom such recourse is available.
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, interest 
or other amounts), in the form of or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other similar 
debt instruments, whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, and 
which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded on 
any recognised stock exchange or other securities market but excluding any Project Finance 
Indebtedness;
“Subsidiary” of any person means (i) a company more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of which 
is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such person or by one or more other Subsidiaries of 
such person or by such person and one or more Subsidiaries thereof or (ii) any other person in which 
such person, or one or more other Subsidiaries of such person or such person and one or more other 
Subsidiaries thereof, directly or indirectly, has at least a majority ownership and power to direct the 
policies, management and affairs thereof; and
“Voting Rights” means, in respect of any person, the right generally to vote at a general meeting of 
shareholders of such person (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes 
shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).
5
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(e).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(e). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon 
as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment

--- Page 47 ---
37
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such 
date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon 
and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified hereon as being applicable, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. “ISDA”) (copies of which may be obtained from 
ISDA on its website (http://www.isda.org); or (ii) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified hereon as being applicable, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor 
thereto), as published by ISDA on its website (http://www.isda.org) on the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series, and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 48 ---
38
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Notes will be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest of zero.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as 
at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available  subject as provided below, the Issuer 
shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the Calculation Agent at the 
Issuer’s request by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 49 ---
39
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Notes will be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest of zero.
(c)
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8).
(d)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the 
next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, 
then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be; or (iii) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant 
to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, 
which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(e)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated.
(f)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Change of Control 
Redemption Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount or make any determination or calculation, determine such

--- Page 50 ---
40
rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of 
Control Redemption Amount or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of 
such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of
the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject 
to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously 
in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount 
so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties.
(g)
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below:
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is open for settlement of payments in euro (a “T2 
Business Day”); and/or
(iii) in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres;
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation

--- Page 51 ---
41
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
                       360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; “D1” is the first calendar day, expressed 
as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
       360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 52 ---
42
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
     360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and “D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(viii)if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and if the 
Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year;
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and

--- Page 53 ---
43
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s);
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended;
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date;
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period 
of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon;
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro;
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date;
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon;
“ISDA Definitions” means, as specified hereon (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented,
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series)
as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA on its website 
(http://www.isda.org); or (ii) the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as published 
by ISDA on its website (http://www.isda.org) on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of such Series;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon;
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
or as specified hereon;

--- Page 54 ---
44
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon;
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon;
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated; and
“T2” means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
thereto.
(h)
Change of Interest Basis
If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant final Terms as being applicable, the Final 
Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note provisions, and/or 
Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply.
(i)
Calculation Agent
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply 
with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
(j)
Benchmark discontinuation
(i)
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, or, 
if a Successor Rate is not available, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(j)(iii)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(iv)).
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate 
of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall 
be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. Where a different Margin (if 
any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin (if any) or

--- Page 55 ---
45
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment under this
sub-paragraph shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any 
subsequent Interest Period is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(j).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, as an expert. In the absence of wilful misconduct or 
gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders
or the Couponholders for any determination made  in connection with any determination 
made by the Independent Adviser pursuant to this Condition 5(j).
(ii)
If the Independent Adviser determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 5(j)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(j)(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)).
(iii) If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the
case may be).
(iv) If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or 
the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. The Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the 
Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5(j).
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
(v)
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(j) shall be notified promptly

--- Page 56 ---
46
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
(vi) Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer, as the case may be, under Condition 5(j)(i), 
(ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(b) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and 
the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, 
in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v).
(vii) As used in this condition 5(j):
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:
(A)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for the parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(B)
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(C)
(if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such customarily applied 
interest rate), the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines, in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii), that has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the 
same interest period and the Specified Currency.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(iv).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(A)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or
(B)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original

--- Page 57 ---
47
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or
(C)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(D)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, the effect of which means that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
in each case within the following six months; or
(E)
a public statement made by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is (i) no longer 
representative of any underlying market; or (ii) the methodology to calculate such 
Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or
(F)
it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited for the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate or otherwise make 
use of the Original Reference Rate with respect to the Notes.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(j)(i).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:
(A)
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or
(B)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (z) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 58 ---
48
(b)
Early Redemption
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g) or
Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) 
above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or, if a 
demand was made under the Guarantees, the Guarantor) has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Spain or, in each case, any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as appropriate) taking reasonable 
measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior 
to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, if 
the obligation to pay additional amounts refers to it) stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) has or 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)
(i)
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, unless the Issuer has given notice under 
Condition 6(c), Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(f) to redeem the Notes or a Put Notice has 
been given by the Noteholder pursuant to Condition 6(g), on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6(b) above)), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified hereon. All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed 
on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6(d).
(ii)
If “Make-Whole Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount per Note shall be the higher of:

--- Page 59 ---
49
(a)
the nominal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or
(b)
as determined by the Reference Dealers, the sum of the then current values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity or, if Par Call 
Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement 
Date (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an 
annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms) at the 
Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin,
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date.
As used in this Condition 6(d)(ii):
“Par Call Commencement Date” and “Par Call Period” have the meaning given to 
those terms in the Final Terms;
“Redemption Margin” and “Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms;
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or any international 
credit institution or financial services institution or any other competent entity of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise to be appointed by the Issuer; and
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a 
similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. 
London time on the third business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption 
Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers.
(iii)
At the Issuer's discretion, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(d) may be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state 
the applicable condition precedent(s) and that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur 
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional 
Redemption Date so delayed.
(iv)
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Issuer may approve and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking into account prevailing market practices as it deems appropriate, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements.
(e)
Issuer Maturity Call Option
If Issuer Maturity Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15
nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as specified hereon) in accordance 
with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date

--- Page 60 ---
50
fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time 
during the period commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above), together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.
(f)
Clean-up Call Option
If Clean-up Call Option is specified hereon, if 80 per cent. or more of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes has been redeemed or repurchased and cancelled by the Issuer (and provided 
that the Notes in that Series that are no longer outstanding have not been redeemed (in whole or 
in part) by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(d) above), the Issuer may at its option, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified hereon), redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes at the 
Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount 
(as described in Condition 6(b) above), together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding)
the date of such redemption.
(g)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Put Option)
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, 
upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly completed option exercise 
notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the notice period. 
No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(h)
Redemption or purchase at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control (Change 
of Control Put Option)
If Change of Control Put Option is specified hereon, and at any time while any Note remains 
outstanding, a Change of Control occurs (a “Put Event”), the holder of each Note shall have the 
option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice under Conditions 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(f), to redeem the 
Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) that Note on the date which is 7 days after the expiry of the Put Period (as defined 
below) (or such other date as may be specified hereon) (the “Put Date”) at the Change of Control 
Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount 
equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the Put Date. Such option (the “Change of Control 
Put Option”) shall operate as set out below. 
If a Put Event occurs then, within 14 days of the occurrence of the Put Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put 
Option.

--- Page 61 ---
51
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option under this Condition 6(h), the holder of a Note 
must deposit such Note with any Paying Agent (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto) on any Business Day falling within the period of 60 days 
after a Put Event Notice is given (the “Put Period”), accompanied with a duly completed put 
option notice (the “Put Option Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. No Note, 
once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 6(h), 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of 
the Issuer.
In this Condition 6(h):
“Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the place of the specified office of the Paying Agent at which the relevant 
Note is deposited.
A “Change of Control” shall occur if any person or persons acting together, excluding the 
Excepted Persons, acquire Control of the Issuer.
“Control” means:
(i)
the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights (as defined in 
Condition 4) in respect of the Issuer, or 
(ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Issuer’s board 
of directors or other governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether 
obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of Voting Rights in respect of the 
Issuer, contract or otherwise.
“Excepted Person” means Acciona, S.A. and its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4) from 
time to time.
(i)
Purchases
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4) may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price.
(j)
Cancellation
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered 
for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged.
7
Payments and Talons
(a)
Method of Payment
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest,

--- Page 62 ---
52
save as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the 
option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” 
means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to T2.
(b)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment 
is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse
tax consequence to the Issuer.
(c)
Payments Subject to Laws
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments.
(d)
Appointment of Agents
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities, and (iv) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the Notes may be listed.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (b) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
(e)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears 
to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption

--- Page 63 ---
53
amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note representing it, as 
the case may be.
(f)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become
void pursuant to Condition 9).
(g)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day.
8
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the

--- Page 64 ---
54
Coupons or the Guarantor in respect of the Guarantees (as the case may be) shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Spain or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) shall pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:
(A)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with Spain other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon;
(B)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
it for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days;
(C)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
does not receive any relevant information as may be required by Spanish tax law, regulation or 
binding ruling or in case the current information procedures are modified, amended or 
supplemented by any Spanish law, regulation or a binding ruling; 
(D)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident legal entity subject to Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax, if the Spanish tax authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with the 
exemption requirements specified in the General Directorate for Taxation’s ruling of 27 July 2004 
and require a withholding to be made; or
(E)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to avoid such deduction or 
withholding by presenting a certificate of tax residence and/or such other document evidencing 
its tax residence required by the competent authorities.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes 
and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor will be paid net on any deduction or 
withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder of official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither 
the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect 
of FATCA Withholding.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions 
to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Change of Control 
Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 
or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts

--- Page 65 ---
55
and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
“principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition.
9
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
10
Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note of the relevant Series, 
in respect of such Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note 
is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable:
(A)
default is made in the payment on the due date of principal or interest or any other amount in 
respect of any of the Notes and such failure continues for a period of 14 calendar days in the case 
of any payment of interest and for 7 calendar days in any other case (including, but not limited 
to, payments of principal);
(B)
the Issuer or the Guarantor do not perform or comply with any one or more of their other 
obligations in respect of the Notes or the Guarantees, which default is incapable of remedy or is 
not remedied within 30 calendar days after written notice of such default shall have been given 
to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any Noteholder;
(C)
(i)
any other present or future indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary becomes, or is declared, due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default (howsoever defined); 
or
(ii)
any such indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised is not paid when 
due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period; or
(iii)
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary fails to pay when due any amount
payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any 
indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised,
provided that the aggregate amount of the indebtedness, guarantees or indemnities in respect of 
which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (C) have occurred equals or 
exceeds €30,000,000 (or its equivalent on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph 
operates);
(D)
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against the whole or any substantial part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary and is not discharged or stayed within 30 calendar days;
(E)
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary in respect of any obligation(s) the 
aggregate principal amount of which equals or exceeds €30,000,000 (or its equivalent on the basis 
of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank

--- Page 66 ---
56
on the day on which this paragraph operates) is enforced (including by the taking of possession 
or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar 
person) upon any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Principal Subsidiary;
(F)
(i)
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary is insolvent or bankrupt (concurso 
de acreedores) or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or is declared insolvent or 
bankrupt or a voluntary request has been submitted to a relevant court for the declaration 
of insolvency or bankruptcy; or
(ii)
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary stops, suspends or threatens 
publicly to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type 
of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or affecting all or 
any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Principal Subsidiary;
(G)
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up (liquidación) or dissolution 
(disolución) of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, or the Issuer, the Guarantor
or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business or operations, except for (i) the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved at a meeting of 
Noteholders; or (ii) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of 
the Principal Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
another Subsidiary or are disposed of to third parties on arm’s length terms, whether pursuant to 
a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation or otherwise;
(H)
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, 
approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time 
required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer or the Guarantor lawfully 
to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes; (ii) 
to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable; and (iii) to make the Notes 
admissible in evidence is not taken, fulfilled or done;
(I)
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has a similar effect to any of 
the events referred to in any of paragraphs (D), (E), (F) or (G);
(J)
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or
(K)
any of the Guarantees is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect.
11
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications
(a)
Meeting of Noteholders
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions and the Deed of 
Covenant insofar as the same may apply to such Notes. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being

--- Page 67 ---
57
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless 
the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts 
on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to 
vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Change of Control 
Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify or 
cancel any of the Guarantees, (ix) to modify the Deed of Covenant or (x) to modify this provision, 
in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding 
on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed) and on all Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be 
as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not 
reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(c)
Notification to the Noteholders
Any modification, waiver or authorisation in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14.
(d)
Substitution
Each of the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (each a “Substitute Obligor”) may, without the 
consent of the holders of any Notes or Coupons, assume the obligations of the Issuer (or any 
previous Substitute Obligor) under and in respect of any Notes upon: 
(A) 
the execution of a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”) by the Substitute Obligor and (if the 
Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor in a form which gives full effect 
to such assumption and which includes (without limitation):

--- Page 68 ---
58
(i)
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor in favour of the holders of the Notes to be 
bound by these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Agency Agreement, with any consequential amendments, as if it had been 
named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer, and such 
other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) in order for the substitution to 
be fully effective and for the Substitute Obligor to be bound by all of the Issuer's 
obligations;
(ii) 
a warranty and representation (A) that the Substituted Obligor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for 
such substitution and for the performance by the Substituted Obligor of its 
obligations under the Deed Poll and under any other documents required to give 
full effect to the substitution, (B) that all such approvals and consents are in full 
force and effect, and (C) that the obligations assumed by the Substituted 
Obligor are valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and 
enforceable by each Noteholder; and 
(iii) 
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor and (if the Substitute Obligor is not the 
Guarantor) the Guarantor, to indemnify and hold harmless each holder against 
all taxes or duties which arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal 
effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution 
becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against such holder as a 
result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11(d) and which would not 
have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any and all taxes or duties 
which are imposed on any such holder by any political sub-division or taxing 
authority of any country in which such holder resides or is subject to any such 
tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution 
not been made); and 
(iv) 
an acknowledgment of the right of all Noteholders to the production of the Deed 
Poll;
(B) 
if the Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor, the execution of guarantees (the 
“Substitute Guarantees” hereinafter for the purpose of this Condition 11(d) only) by 
the Guarantor on substantially the same terms as the Guarantees pursuant to which it 
undertakes to guarantee the performance of the obligations of the Substitute Obligor 
under the Deed Poll, the Conditions of the Notes and any other documents required to 
give full effect to the substitution;
(C) 
the delivery by the Issuer of an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing addressed to the Noteholders (care of the Fiscal Agent) to the effect that: 
(i) 
the Deed Poll constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of 
the Substitute Obligor and, if the Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor;
(ii) 
the Notes constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Obligor; and 
(iii) 
if the Substitute Obligor is not the Guarantor, the Substitute Guarantees
constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantor in

--- Page 69 ---
59
respect of all sums from time to time payable by the Substitute Obligor in 
respect of the Notes;
(D) 
where the Substitute Obligor is subject to a different taxing jurisdiction (the 
“Substituted Territory”) than that to which the Issuer is subject generally (the 
“Issuer's Territory”), the Substituted Obligor will give an undertaking in terms 
corresponding to Condition 8 with the substitution for the reference in that Condition to 
the Issuer's Territory of references to the Substituted Territory;
(E) 
not later than fourteen days after the execution of any such documents as aforesaid in 
paragraph (a), the Substituted Obligor shall cause notice thereof to be given to the 
Noteholders; and 
(F) 
upon the execution of such documents and compliance with the requirements stated in 
this Condition 11(d), the Substituted Obligor will be deemed to be named in these 
Conditions, the Notes and Coupons as if it had been named herein and therein as the 
principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 
11(d) and the Notes and the Coupons will be deemed to be amended in such manner as 
necessary to give effect to the substitution and any references in the Notes and Coupons 
to the Issuer will be references to the Substituted Obligor. 
12
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent upon payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented 
for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer 
on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
13
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (in all respects except for the 
first payment of interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series 
with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.
14
Notices
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange, multi-
lateral trading facility or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading in the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin, in accordance with its rules and regulations. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Fiscal Agent may approve.

--- Page 70 ---
60
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
Noteholders.
Notwithstanding the above, for so long as all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global 
Note is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Noteholders may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such notices shall 
be deemed to have been given to Noteholders on the day of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.
15
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of 
a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by 
any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall 
only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered 
in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or 
recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the 
Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall 
indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, 
it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would 
have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent 
cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder 
and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a 
liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order.
16
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999.
17
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law:
Save as described below, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the English Law 
Guarantee and the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. Condition 3 and the Spanish Law Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Spanish law.
(b)
Jurisdiction:
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England 
and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground 
that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for 
the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right

--- Page 71 ---
61
of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(c)
Service of Process:
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Acciona Industrial S.A. UK Branch at Acciona Project Office 
Lower Hall Lane, London E4 8JG, United Kingdom as its agent in England to receive, for it and 
on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed 
completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by 
the Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has 
an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall 
immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing 
shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 72 ---
62
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR [MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market –
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]]
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] OR [UK MiFIR product 
governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for

--- Page 73 ---
63
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable].]]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE: Solely for the purposes of discharging its obligations pursuant to sections 
309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA), that the Notes 
are [prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
1
This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (see part B, Para 7(vi)).
2
This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (see part B, Para 7(vii)).

--- Page 74 ---
64
Products)]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)].]3
Final Terms dated []
ACCIONA ENERGÍA FINANCIACIÓN FILIALES, S.A. UNIPERSONAL
(incorporated with limited liability
under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 254900CO48EPLIMJDK17.
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
[Indicate if the Notes are Green Bonds, i.e. Notes issued to finance Eligible Green Projects]
Guaranteed by 
CORPORACIÓN ACCIONA ENERGÍAS RENOVABLES, S.A.
(incorporated with limited liability
under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)
Under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 21 July 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated []] [which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]4. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation]3 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it dated []] [have] [has] been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.]
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [21 July 2022/20 July 2021] [and the supplement(s) to 
it dated []] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 21 July 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]1 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 21 July 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated []][, which [together] constitute(s) a base 
3
If the Notes are to be offered into Singapore and are not vanilla fixed rate or floating rate notes, the product classification of the Notes as 
“prescribed capital markets products” under the SFA may need to be reassessed.
4
When drafting Final Terms in relation to an issue of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, Prospectus Regulation references should be 
removed

--- Page 75 ---
65
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the 
relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated 
[21 July 2022/20 July 2021] [and the supplement(s) to it dated []]. The Base Prospectus has been published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted) . Italics denote directions 
for completing the Final Terms.]
1.
(i)
Issuer:
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
(ii) Guarantor:
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A.
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[]
(ii) Tranche Number:
[]
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date]/]the Issue Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 24 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]]]
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible)
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[]
(i)
Series:
[]
(ii) Tranche:
[]
5.
Issue Price:
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
6.
(i)
Specified Denomination:
[] 
(NB – Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent))
(ii) Calculation Amount
[]
7.
(ii) Trade Date:
[]
(ii) Issue Date:
[]
(iii) Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Fixed rate – specify date]/[Floating rate – [Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]]

--- Page 76 ---
66
9.
Interest Basis:
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate (see paragraph 15 below)] 
[[] month [EURIBOR] +/- [] per cent. Floating Rate (see 
paragraph 16 below)]
(further particulars specified below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[From the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [15]/[16] applies, and from the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [15]/[16] applies]/[Not Applicable]]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Call Option]
[Issuer Maturity Call Option]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[Put Option]
[Change of Control Put Option]
[Not Applicable]
(see paragraph [17][18][19][20][21] below)
13.
Spanish Law Guarantee
[Not applicable] [Applicable]
(indicate Applicable only if the Notes are to be guaranteed 
pursuant to the Spanish Law Guarantee and not by the 
English Law Guarantee)
14.
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee obtained:
[] [and [], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where board of directors approval is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
Guarantee)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s):
[[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/[not 
adjusted]
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[] per Calculation Amount
(iv) Broken Amount(s):
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in]/[on] []]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 77 ---
67
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]] / [[30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis]] / [30E/360(ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA)]
(vi) Determination Date(s):
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.) (N:B: only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-(ICMA))]/]Not 
Applicable]
16.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]]
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]]
(iii) First Interest Payment Date
[]
(iv) Interest Period Date:
[[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date)
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
(vi) Business Centre(s):
[[]]/[Not Applicable]
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount [is/are] 
to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination]
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal Agent):
[]
(ix) Screen Rate Determination:
-
Reference Rate:
[] month [EURIBOR]

--- Page 78 ---
68
-
Reference Bank:
[]
-
Interest Determination Date(s):
[]
-
Relevant Screen Page:
[]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
-
Floating Rate Option:
[]
-
Designated Maturity:
[]
-
Reset Date:
[]
-
ISDA Definitions
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions]
-
Applicable Benchmark
[] / [Not applicable]
-
Fixing Day
[]
-
Fixing Time
[]
-
Any other terms relating to the 2021 
ISDA Definitions
[] / [Not applicable]
(xi) Margin(s):
[+/-] []per cent. per annum
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum
(xiii)Maximum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum
(xiv) Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]] / [[30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis]] / [30E/360(ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Call Option
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
6(b) 
applies][Make-whole Amount]
(The following subparagraphs in 
this paragraph (ii) apply to Make-
whole Amount redemption only)
-
Reference Bond:
[]
-
Redemption Margin:
[]
-
Reference Dealers:
[]

--- Page 79 ---
69
-
Par Call Period:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
-
Par Call Commencement Date:
[]
(iii) If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount
(iv) Notice period:
[]
18.
Issuer Maturity Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note:
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) applies]
(ii) Notice period:
[]
19.
Clean-up Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note:
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) applies]
(ii) Notice period:
[]
20.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[[] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) applies]
(iii) Notice period:
[]
21.
Change of Control Put Option
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Put Date:
[7 days after the Put Period][specify]
(ii) Change of Control Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[[] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) applies]
22.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note
[] per Calculation Amount
23.
Early Redemption Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 80 ---
70
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event 
of 
default
or 
other 
early 
redemption:
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24.
Form of Notes
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]
25.
New Global Note (NGN):
[Yes]/[No]
26.
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which paragraph 
16(vi) relates)
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature):
[No]/[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made.]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(relevant third party information) has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
By: ..........................................................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A.
By: ..........................................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 81 ---
71
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to trading:
[Application [has been]/[will be] made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market on [] with effect from []]
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
the admission to trading:
[]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [have not been/are not expected to 
be rated]]/ [The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]:
[Fitch: [    ]]
[DBRS: [    ]]
[[Other: [    ]]
[The meaning of such ratings is [insert description]]
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA

--- Page 82 ---
72
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been
provided by the [relevant competent authority] / [European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for

--- Page 83 ---
73
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity

--- Page 84 ---
74
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation.]
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and/or 
under the UK CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation")] [and/or] [[insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")].
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or under the 
UK CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation")] [and/or] [Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"].
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed

--- Page 85 ---
75
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement:
“Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.” [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
Estimated Net Proceeds: []
Use of Proceeds: [General corporate purposes/To 
[finance[/[or]] refinance ] Eligible Green Projects
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus)
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]
CFI:
[Not Applicable/[ , as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Number Agency that assigned the ISIN]

--- Page 86 ---
76
FISN:
[Not Applicable/[ , as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Number Agency that assigned the ISIN]
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable")
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s)
[Not Applicable]/[give names and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment
Name and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s):
[]
Name and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[]
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility]
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable]/[[give names]]
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable]/[[give name(s)]]

--- Page 87 ---
77
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable]/[[give name]]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA 
not applicable]
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no “key information document” 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(N.B Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)”

--- Page 88 ---
78
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM 
The following provisions apply to the Notes whilst they are in global form, some of which modify the effect of 
the Conditions.
Clearing system accountholders
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, 
in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as 
the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the 
case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations 
of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note.
Amendment to Conditions
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global 
Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which 
is a T2 Business Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre.
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option 
of Noteholders (Put Option)) and Condition 6(h) (Redemption or purchase at the option of Noteholders 
following a Change of Control (Change of Control Put Option)) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written 
notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such 
option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent

--- Page 89 ---
79
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion).
Meetings: The holder of a permanent Global Note shall (unless such permanent Global Note represents only 
one Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes.
Notices: So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice
to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as
required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except 
that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading in the regulated market of Euronext Dublin all notices 
shall be published in a manner which complies with its rules and regulations.

--- Page 90 ---
80
USE OF PROCEEDS
The proceeds of the issue of Notes under the Programme will be on-lent by the Issuer to, or invested by the 
Issuer in, other companies within Acciona Energía. An amount equal to the proceeds of such notes shall be used 
by such companies either:
(i) for their general corporate purposes, or
(ii) to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Projects. 
Only tranches of Notes financing and/or refinancing Eligible Green Projects will be denominated Green Bonds.
For the purposes of this section:
“Capital Expenditures” means capital expenditures accounted based on the conditions established by the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Disclosures Delegated Act calculated in good faith by Acciona 
Energía.
“Eligible Green Category” means (i) manufacturing; (ii) green energy supply; (iii) transmission, distribution 
and storage of electricity; (iv) zero-emission transportation; (v) water, sewerage, waste and remediation; (vi) 
construction and real estate activities; (vii) professional, scientific and technical activities and any other eligible 
green category set forth in the Sustainable Impact Financing Framework.
“Eligible Green Projects” means investments, including financing or refinancing, in assets, Capital 
Expenditures and/or Operating Expenditures related to economic activities which:
(i)
fall within an Eligible Green Category; and
(ii)
qualify as environmentally sustainable according to the criteria set out in Article 3 of the EU Taxonomy 
regulation and in the relevant delegated acts and/or regulations published from time to time including, 
without limitation, the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act and the EU Taxonomy Disclosures 
Delegated Act,
provided that:
(a)
if the proceeds of any Notes are used to refinance existing Eligible Green Projects, the operating life of 
the relevant asset shall not exceed twelve years; and 
(b)
the look-back period to allocate the proceeds of the Notes to existing Eligible Green Projects shall be 
thirty six months from the Issue Date for Capital Expenditures and twenty four months from the Issue 
Date for Operating Expenditures. 
“EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139, of 4 June 
2021, as amended or supplemented from time to time.
“EU Taxonomy Disclosures Delegated Act” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of 6 
July 2021, as amended or supplemented from time to time.
“EU Taxonomy Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 18 June 2020, as amended or supplemented from time to time.
“Operating Expenditures” means operating expenditures accounted based on the conditions established by 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Disclosures Delegated Act calculated in good faith by 
Acciona Energía.

--- Page 91 ---
81
“Sustainable Impact Financing Framework” means the sustainable impact financing framework published 
on the website of Acciona Energía (together with any amendment or supplement thereof and future Sustainable 
Impact Financing Framework adopted by Acciona Energía).
The Sustainable Impact Financing Framework will be available for inspection in the Sustainable Financing
section of Acciona Energía’s website, at www.acciona-energia.com/shareholders-investors/stock-market-
information/sustainable-finance/?_adin=11551547647
The Sustainable Impact Financing Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated and/or form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer as to the 
suitability of any Notes issued under the Programme to satisfy any present or future investment criteria or 
guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Sustainable 
Impact Financing Framework. No assurance can be given that Eligible Green Projects will meet investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers have undertaken, or are responsible for, any assessment or monitoring of the use 
of the proceeds of the Notes issued under the Programme. Each prospective investor should have regard to the 
factors described in the Sustainable Impact Financing Framework and the relevant information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser 
regarding its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest.
No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers as to 
the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with 
any Notes issued under the Programme. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. 
See “Information relating to “Green Bonds””; “Risk Factors – Risks in relation to the Notes generally – Notes 
issued with a specific use of proceeds as Green Bonds” and “Description of the Guarantor – Sustainability –
Sustainable Impact Financing Framework”.

--- Page 92 ---
82
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal (the “Issuer”) is a Spanish limited liability company 
(sociedad anónima), subject to the Spanish Companies Law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), that was 
incorporated on 24 March 2021 for an indefinite period. It is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid, 
Spain at Volume 41,736, sheet 120, Section 8, page number M-739,313. The Issuer holds Tax Identification 
Code number A-05273651. The registered address of the Issuer is in Avenida de la Gran Vía de Hortaleza, 1, 
28033 Madrid, Spain, and its telephone number is +34 91 657 6460. The legal entity identifier of the Issuer is 
254900CO48EPLIMJDK17.
Business overview 
The corporate purpose of the Issuer is to manage the financial resources of Acciona Energía, attend its financial 
needs and to manage, optimise and channel the monetary resources and the cash needs of Acciona Energía. 
Management
The joint directors (administradores mancomunados) of the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus and 
the date of their first appointment are:
Name of director
Position
First Appointment
Acciona Desarrollo Corporativo Energía, S.L.U. 
(represented by María Yolanda Herrán Azanza)
Joint 
Director
15 June 2021
Acciona Administración Energía, S.L.U. 
(represented by Raimundo María Fernández-
Cuesta Laborde)
Joint 
Director
15 June 2021
The business address of each director is Avenida de la Gran Vía de Hortaleza, 1, 28033 Madrid, Spain.
María Yolanda Herrán Azanza and Raimundo María Fernández-Cuesta Laborde act respectively as Head of 
Legal and Head of Finance and Investor Relations of the Guarantor. The Directors of the Issuer have collectively 
the appropriate expertise and experience for the management of the business of the Issuer.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
persons identified above to the Issuer and their private interests and/or duties. No specific measures are in place 
to regulate the control that the Guarantor exercises over the Issuer. 
Share capital and sole shareholder
The current share capital of the Issuer is €60,000, represented by 60,000 shares with a par value of €1 each, 
forming a single class. The share capital is fully paid up. The shares of the Issuer are not listed.
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. 
Financial information
The English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 has been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer is part of the consolidation group of the Guarantor and is included in its consolidated financial 
statements.

--- Page 93 ---
83
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A. (the “Guarantor”) is a Spanish limited liability company 
(sociedad anónima), subject to the Spanish Companies Law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital). It was incorporated 
on 12 June 2008 for an indefinite period as a private limited company (sociedad de responsabilidad limitada or
S.L.) and, as a preparatory step to its admission to trading, was re-registered as a public limited company 
(sociedad anónima or S.A.) on 15 March 2021, changing its corporate name to the current Corporación Acciona 
Energías Renovables, S.A. It is registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid at section 8, volume 25,839, 
sheet 10, page number M-465678. The Guarantor holds Tax Identification Code number A-85483311. The 
registered address of the Guarantor is in Avenida de la Gran Vía de Hortaleza, 1, 28033 Madrid, Spain. Its 
telephone number is +34 91 657 6460 and its website is https://www.acciona-energia.com/. The legal entity 
identifier of the Guarantor is 254900UPX0OEHTKB9Y44.
The Guarantor is controlled by Acciona, S.A. (“Acciona”). The ordinary shares of the Guarantor were admitted 
to trading in Spain on the Barcelona, Bilbao, Madrid and Valencia stock exchanges for trading through the 
Automated Quotation System (Mercado Continuo) on 1 July 2021. Following the admission to trading, Acciona 
owns approximately 83% of the shares of the Guarantor. See “Share capital and major shareholders”. Acciona 
is the parent company of a multinational group (the “Acciona Group”) focused on renewable energy and the 
development and management of infrastructure. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Acciona Group is 
present in 65 countries across all continents and is an Ibex 35 Index-listed company.
The shares of the Guarantor are included in the Ibex 35 Index, the S&P Global Clean Energy Index and Stoxx 
Europe 600, among others.
The Guarantor has been assigned a long-term corporate credit rating of “BBB-” and a short-term rating of “F3” 
by Fitch and a long-term corporate credit rating of “BBB (high)” and a short-term rating of “R-2 (high)” by 
DBRS. Fitch and DBRS are established in the European Economic Area and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the ESMA on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.
Overview
Acciona Energía is one of the world’s largest pure-play renewable energy developers, owners and operators 
according to market intelligence firms. With a total installed capacity of approximately 11.83GW as of 31 
December 2022 (consolidated installed capacity of 9.88GW), Acciona Energía owns and operates assets across 
five continents, and is present in 18 countries, with over 94% of its total installed capacity located in OECD 
countries and multiple renewable energy technologies, including onshore wind, solar PV, hydro power, 
concentrated solar power, biomass and storage, which enabled it to produce a total of 23,910 GWh (19,657 
GWh consolidated) in the year ended 31 December 2022. It is present across the entire value chain from project 
development, project structuring and engineering and construction to supply chain, O&M and asset 
management and energy management. With over 30 years of experience, Acciona Energía believes that its 
global presence, scale and proven track record in the execution and management of renewable energy projects 
across varied geographies, technologies and regulatory frameworks allows it to maximise its competitiveness 
and know-how, and to be strategically positioned to benefit from the multiple growth opportunities offered by 
the transition to a renewable energy world. For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, Acciona Energía’s 
profit for the year amounted to €795 million and €393 million, respectively, and the EBITDA of Acciona 
Energía amounted to €1,653 million and €1,087 million, respectively. 
As of 31 December 2022, Acciona Energía was the largest 100% renewable energy supplier in Spain by energy 
sold according to the Spanish National Markets and Competition Commission (Comisión Nacional de los

--- Page 94 ---
84
Mercados y la Competencia or CNMC) and is one of the top-ten developers worldwide by volume of contracted 
PPAs in 2022, according to 1H 2023 Corporate Energy Market Outlook by Bloomberg New Energy Finance. 
Acciona Energía plays a proactive role in decarbonizing the economy while accelerating a profitable and 
diversified growth in terms of technological and geographical installed capacity and customers. With the aim 
to capitalize the positive trend towards a renewable energy environment, Acciona Energía installed 706 MW in 
2022 to advance in its target of 20 GW of installed capacity by the end of 2025. 
To achieve this target, Acciona Energía’s global presence allows to grab future high-growth opportunities 
through the incorporation of assets in new countries with long term potential. This global presence, scale and 
track record across varied geographies and technologies, maximize competitiveness and know-how. This way, 
Acciona Energía is strategically positioned to benefit from the multiple new growth opportunities offered by 
the transition to a 100% renewable world, such as green hydrogen, storage or offshore wind.
Corporate Structure
The following diagram reflects the main subsidiaries of Acciona Energía as of the date of this Base Prospectus:
________
(1) Company through which (with its subsidiaries) Acciona Energía undertakes a multi-technological 
portfolio of renewable energy projects. 
(2) Company through which, together with its subsidiaries, Acciona Energía undertake onshore wind projects. 
(3) Company through which, together with its subsidiaries, Acciona Energía undertake hydroelectric projects.
(4)
Financing company.
History
The Acciona Group was created in 1997 following a strategic merger between Entrecanales y Távora, S.A. and 
Cubiertas y MZOV, S.A. Entrecanales y Távora, S.A. was founded in 1931 as a civil constructor company 
specialized in complex projects (such as the remodeling of the San Telmo bridge in Seville following 
recommendations by H.R.H. King Alfonso XIII), while Cubiertas y MZOV, S.A. was a construction company 
with roots that relate back to a railway company founded in Galicia in 1861.

--- Page 95 ---
85
The Guarantor was incorporated in 2008 in order to hold and develop the historical renewable energy business 
of the Acciona Group, that commenced in the beginning of the 1990s, in the context of a major strategic 
transformation initiated by the Acciona Group with the aim to evolve from a Spanish contractor into an 
international renewable energy and infrastructure leader. Acciona Energía is the result of the integration of 
several companies, assets and partners, including in connection with the acquisition of Corporación Energía 
Hidroeléctrica de Navarra, S.A. (currently, Acciona Generación Renovable, S.A.) from 2003 through 2005, the 
acquisition in 2006 of Corporación Eólica CESA, S.A. (currently the group of companies within Acciona 
Energía that are under the control of CEATESALAS, S.L.), as well as the integration of certain assets owned 
by Endesa in 2009, all of which has allowed Acciona Energía to become a major green player with vast 
experience in the renewable energy sector. 
In 1991, Acciona Energía developed its first small hydro power plant in Spain and in 1993, it started the 
construction of its first wind plant located in Tarifa (Spain), which became operative in 1995. In 2001, Acciona 
Energía commissioned its first solar PV and biomass plants, both of them located in Navarra (Spain). In 2004, 
a period of high growth and internationalization started, which led Acciona Energía to further diversify its 
portfolio with, for example, its first concentrated solar power (“CSP” or “concentrated solar power”) plant in 
Nevada (United States) in 2007. In 2016, Acciona Energía started another growth period with the project El 
Romero (246MWp), in Chile. In 2017, Acciona Energía was the first in Spain to integrate batteries for energy 
storage in a grid-connected wind farm and, in 2019, Acciona Energía completed the first repowering project in 
Spain in the wind farm El Cabrito (30MW).
In 2015, as part of its commitment to decarbonization, Acciona Energía committed to becoming carbon neutral 
at the Paris climate summit and targeted a total investment of more than €2,000 million to reach a total installed 
capacity of 10,500MW by 2020, which has been accomplished and exceeded. In the same year, Acciona Energía
was recognised as the greenest utility company in the world, reaching the first position in the ranking of Top 
100 Green Utilities developed by Energy Intelligence. Since then, Acciona Energía has maintained the top 
position in this ranking. In 2016, Acciona Energía became a carbon-neutral company. 
In 2016, AWP, an Acciona Group company that developed wind turbines using proprietary technology, merged 
with the German company Nordex, a publicly-listed company and a leading global manufacturer of onshore 
wind turbine systems, in which Acciona currently holds a 33.63% equity interest (outside of Acciona Energía). 
Nordex is currently Acciona Energía’s main wind turbine supplier. 
Geographical footprint
The business of Acciona Energía is diversified across jurisdictions. The most significant market for Acciona 
Energía is Spain, but it is also well-positioned in strategic countries such as the United States, Australia, Mexico 
and Chile which, together with Spain, represented 88% of Acciona Energía’s consolidated installed capacity as 
of 31 December 2022. Acciona Energía is also present in other markets such as Canada, Italy, Portugal, South 
Africa, Egypt or India and in South East Asia, among others. 
Acciona Energía classifies its operations by geographical segment as follows: (i) Spain; (ii) Rest of Europe; (iii) 
America; (iv) Australia; and (v) Other zones. 
The table below shows the number of operating projects by geography and technology as of 31 December 2022:

--- Page 96 ---
86
____________
(1) 
Includes Portugal (17 wind farms and 1 solar PV plant), Italy (5 wind farms), Poland (3 wind farms), Hungary (1 wind farm), Croatia 
(1 wind farm) and Ukraine (6 solar PV plants).
(2) 
Includes United States (10 wind farms, 1 solar PV plant, 1 battery energy storage project and 1 CSP plant), Canada (4 wind farms), 
Mexico (7 wind farms and 2 solar PV plants), Costa Rica (1 wind farm), Chile (3 wind farms and 4 solar PV plants) and Dominican 
Republic (1 solar PV plant) 
(3)    Includes South Africa (1 wind farm and 1 solar PV plant), India (4 wind farms), Egypt (3 solar PV plants) and Vietnam (2 wind
farms). 
In the year ended 31 December 2022, 73.5% of the turnover of Acciona Energía was derived from projects 
located in Spain and the remaining 26.5% from projects outside Spain (14.7% from America, 8.4% from the 
Rest of Europe, 1.7% from Australia, and 1.7% from Other zones). The tables below present the turnover of 
Acciona Energía by geographic segment for the referred periods:
For the year ended 31 
December
% change
2022
2021
2022-2021
(in millions of euros)
(in %)
Spain.........................................................................................
3,197
1,502
112.8
Rest of Europe..........................................................................
364
231
57.6
Americas...................................................................................
642
605
6.1
Australia ...................................................................................
73
59
23.7
Other zones...............................................................................
75
75
-
Turnover .............................................................................
            4,351
   2,472
76.0
EBITDA from the operations of Acciona Energía in Spain represented 75.8% of the total EBITDA of Acciona 
Energía in the year ended 31 December 2022 and the remaining 24.2% from projects outside Spain. The table 
below presents the EBITDA of Acciona Energía by geographic segment for the referred period:
For the year ended 31 
December
% change
2022
2021
2022-2021
(in millions of euros)
(in %)
Spain.........................................................................................
1,253
531
136.0
Rest of Europe..........................................................................
60
111
- 45.9
Americas...................................................................................
252
358
- 29.6
Australia ...................................................................................
37
30
23.3
Other zones...............................................................................
51
57
-10.5
Total EBITDA.....................................................................
1,653 
1,087
  52.1
As of 31 December 2022
Wind
Solar 
PV
Hydro
Biomass 
and 
CSP
Storage
Spain ..................................................................................................
166
43
75
3
-
Rest of Europe(1)...............................................................................
27
7
-
-
-
Americas(2)........................................................................................
25
8
-
1
1
Australia.............................................................................................
6
-
-
-
-
Other zones(3)....................................................................................
7
4
-
-
-
Total ...................................................................................................
231
62
75
4
1

--- Page 97 ---
87
Integrated value chain
Acciona Energía operates a fully-integrated value chain and seeks to add value through each of the phases of a 
project: (i) project development; (ii) project structuring; (iii) engineering and construction; (iv) supply chain; 
(v) O&M and asset management; and (vi) energy management. Acciona Energía believes that having in-house 
integrated capabilities allows it to obtain economies of scale that result in increased margins, asset quality, 
agility and asset expertise. 
Project development
Acciona Energía primarily pursues greenfield projects (completely new projects that have to be developed since 
the identification of the specific site) or acquire projects in an early stage of development. In a greenfield project, 
a site is identified, and a project developed and constructed. Greenfield projects generally allow a higher return 
on the capital invested, and therefore are the preferred approach whenever the appropriate conditions exist.
Acciona Energía typically identifies new sites taking into account energy resources, meteorological conditions, 
topography, access to existing and planned electricity transmission systems, size, availability and ownership of 
land and possible environmental and regulatory constraints. Increasingly, business origination derives from a 
joint strategy with customers. In evaluating a project the existence of current or future demand of potential 
corporate and public offtakers is very relevant and in most cases determines the continuity of the development 
efforts in a particular project.
Acciona Energía seeks to obtain land rights for the development of its projects, to start the arrangements to 
close the chosen offtake alternative (for instance, negotiating the PPAs with potential offtakers), to manage the 
interconnection and transmission/distribution processes and obtain the permits that are required prior to the 
construction of the projects, including applicable environmental and land-use permits, licenses, concessions 
and project approval. These vary by country, and, in some cases, by region within a country. Acciona Energía
generally leases the land on which projects are constructed. 
Once the relevant permits have been obtained and the offtake solutions are secured the investment decision is 
made and the engineering and construction process begins. 
The timing of each of these phases varies significantly depending on multiple factors, including applicable 
regulations, the jurisdiction where the project is located, the technology and the topography, among others.
Project structuring 
The renewable energy industry is capital intensive and Acciona Energía needs to make significant investments 
to develop, construct and subsequently operate its projects. In the near future, Acciona Energía intends to fund 
its projects through net cash flows from operations (net of dividends) and incremental net cash flows from 
financing, and to a lesser extent, by contributions from minority shareholders. Incremental indebtedness will be 
primarily in the form of corporate debt in the banking and capital markets held by the Issuer, although non-
recourse project level debt may be appropriate for certain projects due to their size, currency denomination, 
geography or existence of partners, amongst other considerations.
Engineering and construction 
The engineering and construction teams have two major responsibilities. For projects in the development phase 
(before the project has received investment approval), they prepare a technical memo, which includes the 
project’s expected investment, construction schedule and payment milestones and energy production, a 
technical risk assessment, and any other relevant technical information impacting the project. Some typical 
activities during this phase include, among others: (i) the receipt of basic/permits engineering; (ii) the 
establishment of a procurement strategy; (iii) the preparation of a project organizational chart; (iv) the

--- Page 98 ---
88
performance of a cost analysis; (v) the preparation of a grid code assessment; (vi) the preparation of an energy 
resource and production assessment and (vii) the preparation of a risk assessment. Acciona Energía leads the 
design of the project, identifying the best technology solution for a given site estimating project costs from very 
early stage. 
Once the project has received investment approval, which typically happens when an offtake solution is secured, 
the engineering and construction teams effectively manage the construction until the responsibility over the 
asset is allocated to the production department, aiming to perform their tasks in accordance with the technical 
memo. Typical activities during this phase include, among others: (i) the preparation of a procurement plan; (ii) 
the preparation of a health and safety management plan; (iii) the preparation of a detailed engineering plan 
(either internally or by a third party); (iv) the selection of contractors; (v) site mobilization and full supervision 
of the contractors engaged in the project (civil works, electrical works, main components installation, grid 
connection (substation and power lines), etc.); (vi) the commissioning of the project, including all of the 
performance and grid code testing; and (vii) the allocation of the responsibility over the asset to the production 
department. 
The construction process is outsourced to third parties, typically using multi-contracting solutions, and risks 
resulting from delays, defects and accidents covered by indemnities. 
Supply chain
The supply chain department works closely with both the engineering and construction teams during the 
construction phase and with the O&M department during the operation phase in order to ensure that time, 
budget and performance requirements are met. Acciona Energía has well-established procurement processes 
based on certain pre-qualification criteria and a clear focus on quality. In connection with onshore wind, most 
wind turbines for new wind farms are sourced from Nordex.
O&M and asset management
The O&M and asset management team provides a comprehensive range of services and solutions to maximise 
the availability rate, load factor and lifespan of projects, including reporting and analysis, monitoring and 
supervision, inspections, preventive project maintenance, repair and replacement of equipment, site 
management and incident response. Assets are operated through CECOER, one of the largest renewables control 
centers in the world, which allows Acciona Energía to supervise projects on a project-by-project basis. 
CECOER is fully interconnected with the O&M and asset management team through advanced digitalisation 
tools, adjusting generation to their instructions in the most efficient way and in real time. CECOER operates 
both Acciona Energía’s and third parties’ renewable energy generation assets.
Energy management 
Acciona Energía seeks to optimise its energy management by applying global energy management processes 
and policies with a portfolio approach, and centralised standards complemented by local market knowledge 
adapted to the specificities of each market. 
Acciona Energía sells energy in the pool market (subject to regulated prices, feed-in tariffs or in the wholesale 
market) or through bilateral PPAs. Acciona Energía seeks to maintain a diversified combination of different 
offtake options and energy sales mechanisms. 
In the year ended 31 December 2022, 37.4 % of the consolidated production of Acciona Energía was sold under 
PPAs and feed-in-tariffs, 16.3 % was sold subject to regulated prices, with the remaining 46.3 % being derived 
from sales on the wholesale market.

--- Page 99 ---
89
Multi-Technological Approach 
Acciona Energía operates multi-technological projects, including onshore wind, solar PV, hydro power and 
biomass and concentrated solar power. Acciona Energía has also been pioneer in Spain in integrating storage in 
grid-connected wind and solar PV and floating solar PV. 
The table below summarises the consolidated production of the projects of Acciona Energía during the periods 
indicated:
Consolidated production for the year 
ended 31 December
Production (GWh)
2022
2021
Spain ...........................................................................................................
9,278
9,561
Wind........................................................................................................
7,285
7,376
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
11
5
Hydro.......................................................................................................
1,532
1,735
Biomass and CSP ....................................................................................
450
445
Rest of Europe............................................................................................
877
918
Wind .......................................................................................................
803
823
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
74
95
Biomass and CSP ....................................................................................
-
-
Americas.....................................................................................................
7,723
7,690
Wind .......................................................................................................
6,309
6,363
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
1,321
1,229
Biomass and CSP ....................................................................................
93
98
Australia.....................................................................................................
940
1,030
Wind .......................................................................................................
940
1,030
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
-
-
Biomass and CSP ....................................................................................
-
-
Other zones.................................................................................................
838
894
Wind .......................................................................................................
656
693
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
182
201
Biomass and CSP ....................................................................................
-
-
Total
19,657
20,093
The consolidated production of the projects of Acciona Energía depends on a variety of factors, including (i) 
consolidated installed capacity (that is, the maximum production capacity of the projects in respect of which 
Acciona Energía owns a controlling interest), (ii) the availability of natural resources (for example, solar 
irradiation and wind speed and intensity with respect to solar PV plant and wind farms, respectively); and (iii) 
projects’ efficiency and availability rate. 
The table below summarises the consolidated installed capacity of the projects of Acciona Energía during the 
periods indicated:

--- Page 100 ---
90
Consolidated installed capacity for the 
year ended 31 December
Installed capacity (MW)
2022
2021
Spain ...........................................................................................................
4,775
4,496
Wind........................................................................................................
3,674
3,557
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
172
5
Hydro.......................................................................................................
868
873
Biomass and CSP ....................................................................................
61
61
Rest of Europe............................................................................................
506
506
Wind .......................................................................................................
406
406
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
100
100
Biomass and CSP ....................................................................................
-
-
Americas.....................................................................................................
3,668
3,242
Wind .......................................................................................................
2,568
2,568
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
846
610
    Biomass and CSP.....................................................................................
64
64
Storage.....................................................................................................
190
-
Australia.....................................................................................................
539
528
Wind .......................................................................................................
539
528
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
-
-
Biomass and CSP ....................................................................................
-
-
Other zones.................................................................................................
396
396
Wind .......................................................................................................
302
302
Solar PV ..................................................................................................
94
94
Biomass and CSP ....................................................................................
-
-
Total
9,884
9,169
The tables below present the turnover of Acciona Energía by technology for the referred periods:
For the year ended 31 
December
% change
2022
2021
2022-2021
(in millions of euros)
Wind............................................................................................
2,013
1,324
52.0
Solar PV ......................................................................................
76
105
-27.6
Hydro...........................................................................................
309
172
79.7
Biomass and CSP .......................................................................
96
84
14.3
Other............................................................................................
1,857
787
136.0
Turnover ................................................................................
4,351
2,472
76.0
The table below presents the EBITDA of Acciona Energía by technological segment for the periods presented:
For the year ended 31 
December
% change
2022
2021
2022-2021
(in millions of euros)
Wind............................................................................................
1,396
891
56.7
Solar PV ......................................................................................
38
89
-57.3
Hydro...........................................................................................
200
96
108.3
Biomass and CSP ........................................................................
39
34
14.7
Other............................................................................................
-20
-23
-13.0
Total EBITDA........................................................................
1,653
1,087
52.1

--- Page 101 ---
91
Wind 
Acciona Energía is a leading player in the development, construction, operation and maintenance of onshore 
wind power facilities, having started the construction of the first wind farm in Tarifa (Spain) in 1993.  Its leading 
position and industry knowledge are partly driven by Acciona Energía’s extensive experience as a global 
supplier of products and services in all areas of the value chain, including as pioneers in the development of 
wind turbines using Nordex’s proprietary technology, and concrete towers of up to 120 meters. 
As of 31 December 2022, Acciona Energía owned 8,781MW of total installed capacity in 231 wind farms with 
more than 6,417 wind turbines located in 15 countries.
Most relevant projects include Waubra, located in Victoria (Australia), with a total installed capacity of 192MW 
and 128 turbines, Eurus, located in Oaxaca (Mexico), with a total installed capacity of 250.5MW and 167 wind 
turbines, Gouda, located in Western Cape (South Africa), with a total installed capacity of 138MW and 46 
turbines, San Roman. located in Texas (United States), with a total installed capacity of 93MW and 31 turbines, 
El Cortijo, located in Reynosa, Tamaulipas (Mexico), with a total installed capacity of 183MW and 61 wind 
turbines, San Gabriel and Tolpan Sur, located in the Araucanía region (Chile) with a total installed capacity of 
183MW and 61 wind turbines and a total installed capacity of 84MW and 28 wind turbines, respectively. 
In May 2022, Acciona Energía begun the construction of the MacIntyre wind precinct, the largest wind farm in 
Australia, with a total installed capacity of 1,026 MW. Construction of the complex is expected to be completed 
in 2024. In November 2022, Acciona Energía announced development of the Herries Range Wind Farm 
(1,000MW), an expansion of the MacIntyre wind precinct that will double its capacity to 2,000MW.
In July 2022, Acciona Energía announced the construction of two new wind farms in Croatia, Opor (27MW) 
and Boraja II (45MW).
In September 2022, Acciona Energía, entered into a strategic partnership with The Blue Circle, a Singapore-
based leading developer of wind projects in the Southeast Asia region. Through this transaction, Acciona 
Energía acquired a close-to 50% stake in The Blue Circle and became its largest individual shareholder. The 
Blue Circle has an installed operational capacity of 84MW in Vietnam (in which it maintains 50% voting stake), 
and a total portfolio under development which amounts to 3.8GW in Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, 
Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos and Sri Lanka.
Acciona Energía is leveraging its wind expertise and plans to grow in offshore wind through greenfield 
development and partnerships with key offshore players. The company is cooperating on the exploration of 
offshore wind opportunities with SSE Renewables, and agreed to pursue offshore wind opportunities in Poland. 
In innovative offshore wind solutions, in 2022 Acciona Energía acquired 24% of the capital of the French 
company Eolink, which specialises in the development of floating foundations for offshore wind energy.
Solar PV
Acciona Energía is a key player in the installation and operation of solar PV plants and a leading international 
player in building utility-scale assets worldwide. It has been Acciona Energía has been in the solar PV industry 
in Spain since 2011 when it built its first solar PV plant in Tudela (Navarra) and have since then become a 
leader in the community PV concept in Spain. A community solar project is a solar power plant whose electricity 
is shared by more than one property allowing members of a community to share the benefits of solar power 
even if they cannot or prefer not to install solar panels on their property. Additionally, in 2020 Acciona Energía
built the first floating solar PV plant connected to the grid in Spain. 
As of 31 December 2022, Acciona Energía owned 1,862MW of total installed capacity in 62 solar PV plants 
located in 9 countries.

--- Page 102 ---
92
Most relevant projects include Amareleja, located in Moura (Portugal), with a total installed capacity of 45.78 
MWp and 262,080 photovoltaic modules, Sishen, located in Northern Cape (South Africa), with a total installed 
capacity of 94.3MWp and 319,600 photovoltaic modules, El Romero, located in the Atacama region (Chile), 
with a total installed capacity of 246.3MWp and 776,000 photovoltaic modules, Puerto Libertad, located in 
Puerto Libertad, Sonora (Mexico), with a total installed capacity of 404.57MWp and 1,222,800 photovoltaic 
panels or the Sierra Brava floating photovoltaic plant, located in the Sierra Brava reservoir, Extremadura (Spain), 
with a total installed capacity of 1,125KWp, five different floating systems and 3,000 photovoltaic modules. 
This floating photovoltaic plant offers higher performance than a non-floating plant due to the lower 
environmental temperature, the availability of a flat surface, the lack of shade and its easier installation. This 
technology can also be associated with hydroelectric plants, with which the plant can share electrical 
infrastructure, providing the plant with greater flexibility. Plants of this type are suitable for regions where there 
is little land available and are attractive in areas with weak electricity grids. The panels, which are mounted on 
top of floating structures (rafts or pontoons), also reduce evaporation and improve water quality by suppressing 
algal growth.
In 2023, Acciona Energía started operations at the photovoltaic complex Extremadura I, II, and III in 
Almendralejo (Extremadura). With 233,740 photovoltaic modules, it is the largest solar complex of the 
company in Spain. It is expected to generate 257GWh per year. In line with the new Sustainability Financing 
Framework of the Group, Acciona Energía will invest a percentage of the profits generated by the plant in social 
projects. Further, the construction works brought to light a series of significant archaeological remains, 
including a set of ‘causewayed enclosures’ chalcolithic settlements dating back more than 5,000 years. Acciona 
Energía adapted the design and layout of the photovoltaic project to ensure the protection and preservation of 
the vestiges. In addition, it will finance and undertake the excavation works to preserve them.
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Acciona Energía has projects under construction in the United States for 
a total of 1.3 GWp.
Hydro power
Hydro power has been a part of the power generation portfolio of Acciona Energía since 1990. The 
incorporation of hydro power assets acquired from Endesa in 2009 boosted the hydro power capacity of Acciona 
Energía. As of 31 December 2022, Acciona Energía owned 868MW of total installed capacity in 75 hydro power 
plants in seven Spanish regions. 
Most relevant projects include Ip (Spain), located in Canfranc, Huesca (Spain), with a total installed capacity 
of 88.9MW (generating) or 99MW (pumping) and Seira, located in La Ribagorza, Huesca (Spain), with a total 
installed capacity of 36.7MW, a run-of-the-river plant of historical importance which was commissioned in 
1918 and has been fully operational for more than 100 years.
Biomass and concentrated solar power
Acciona Energía has substantial experience in the design, construction and operation of large biomass plants 
for largescale electricity generation. In the year ended 31 December 2022 Acciona Energía produced a total of 
542GWh from its biomass and concentrated solar power plants. 
Most relevant projects include Sangüesa, located in Navarra (Spain), with a total installed capacity of 30.2MW 
or the Nevada Solar One CSP plant in Boulder City, Nevada (United States), with a total installed capacity of 
64MW and 182,000 parabolic mirrors.
In 2023 Acciona Energía commenced the construction of a new biomass plant in Logrosán (Extremadura). The 
plant is expected to commence production in the second half of 2025 and reach a total production of 376 GWh 
per year.

--- Page 103 ---
93
Storage
Acciona Energía is a pioneer in Spain in integrating storage in grid-connected wind and solar PV plants. 
The Barasoain project, located in Navarra (Spain), a battery-based wind energy storage plant, is the first of this 
type to be integrated into a grid-connected wind farm in Spain. 
In December 2022, Acciona Energía signed an agreement with Qcells, a subsidiary of the South Korean 
industrial group Hanwha Corporation, to acquire the 190MW/380MWh Cunningham battery energy storage 
system (“BESS”) project, the largest of its kind in Texas (USA), scheduled for commissioning in the first quarter 
of 2023. The transaction also includes the acquisition of a portfolio of over 1GW/2GWh of BESS projects at 
and advanced state of development.
New solutions
In addition to its core technologies, Acciona Energía pushes for new generation solutions such as green 
hydrogen, storage, electric vehicle charging, floating technologies and energy efficiency. 
In 2021 Acciona Energía produced Spain’s first green hydrogen molecules for industrial use on the island of 
Majorca, and established a joint venture with Plug Power for the Iberian green hydrogen market. In March 2023, 
Acciona Energía and Nordex created a joint venture to develop green hydrogen projects in areas with abundant 
wind resources not connected to conventional power grids outside of Spain and Portugal. The new company 
has already secured eight such sites located in the United States, Latin America and Africa, and is evaluating 
other opportunities.
In the field of electrification, Acciona Energía expanded into the electric vehicle charging business through the 
acquisition of leading Spanish company Cargacoches. In September 2022, Acciona Energía set up a joint 
venture with Qwello, an operator of urban and regional charging networks for electric vehicles in Europe, to 
develop public charging points in Spanish cities.
Acciona Energía offers self-consumption solutions through renewable energy plants customized for each client, 
both connected and isolated from the grid, close to the point of consumption. Acciona Energía offers microgrids 
solutions designed to guarantee supply and minimise energy costs, combining renewable technologies and 
battery storage. In 2021, Acciona Energía commissioned a microgrid for Schneider Electric in Puente la Reina 
(Spain) that includes 852 kWp of photovoltaic energy, five charging points for electric vehicles and 80 kWh of 
battery storage.
Acciona Energía offers integrated energy use management that is both sustainable and digitised, covering 
demand and supply. In 2021, Acciona Energía was awarded the largest municipal energy services contract in 
Spain for the city of Gijon, and entered the French market with the acquisition of the energy efficiency company 
Eqinov. Acciona Energía generated 150,000 MWh of savings in energy consumption for its clients in 2021, and 
manages more than 3,000GWh that are monitored and optimised each year. 
Sustainability
Acciona Energía has established very ambitious commitments to maintain a strong environmental, social and 
governance (“ESG”) proposition. All the energy infrastructure provided, owned and operated by Acciona 
Energía relates to renewable energy and, in its Sustainable Impact Financing Framework, Acciona Energía has 
committed to maintain an average above 95% of eligible Capital Expenditures aligned with the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation on an annual basis.
In line with its commitment, in 2015 Acciona Energía was recognised as the greenest utility company in the 
world, reaching the first position in the ranking of Top 100 Green Utilities developed by Energy Intelligence 
and it has maintained the top position in this ranking every year since then. In 2022, Acciona Energía received

--- Page 104 ---
94
the top ESG rating in the global energy sector for the second year in a row (87/100) in a cross-sector assessment 
conducted by S&P Global Ratings. In line with its commitment to the full decarbonisation of the economy, 
Acciona Energía has been carbon neutral since 2016 by reducing its emissions and offsetting its remaining 
direct emissions. 
Acciona Energía takes into account the lifecycle emission of all its energy assets and future investments and 
maintains them below the EU Taxonomy threshold as per the most recent version of the European taxonomy 
(published on 4 June 2021), i.e. below 100 g CO2e/kWh. In addition, Acciona Energía verifies on an annual 
basis the active measures for environmental protection implemented in its projects, as well as new potential 
impacts, throughout the lifecycle of its projects, including design, construction, operation and dismantlement.
Sustainability Master Plan 2021 – 2025
Acciona Energía’s sustainability strategy is developed through Acciona Group’s third Sustainability Master 
Plan (the “2025 SMP”) from which Acciona Energía’s specific objectives and indicators shall be extracted. The 
2025 SMP was approved in March 2021. The purpose of the 2025 SMP  is to invest in, develop and operate 
infrastructure assets that can make the planet sustainable. It is structured around strategic and operational 
objectives applicable to the entire Acciona Group organisation with specifications for the different lines of 
business. It covers the following areas: people centric, positive planet, exponential leadership, and integrate to 
transform. Each of the four pillars of the 2025 SMP has various areas of action (i.e. People Centric, Planet 
Positive, Exponential Leadership and Integrate to Transform) and an established route that includes activities 
ranging from responsible to resilient, adopting the ones that contribute a regenerative impact. The achievement 
of the 2025 SMP targets is linked to a percentage of the bonuses received by directors, managers and other staff 
of Acciona Group.
Acciona Energía has an audit and sustainability committee (the “Audit and Sustainability Committee”) that 
monitors the ESG evolution of Acciona Energía. 
Sustainable Impact Financing Framework
Adherence to the EU Green Bond Standard, the Green Bond Principles and the Green Loan Principles
All green financing transactions of Acciona Energía are carried out under the Sustainable Impact Financing 
Framework. See “Information relating to “Green Bonds”” and “Risk Factors – Risks in relation to the Notes 
generally – Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds as Green Bonds”.
In 2023, the Acciona Group developed a new Sustainable Impact Financing Framework (the “2023 Acciona 
Sustainable Impact Financing Framework”) that expands the portfolio of eligible green projects based on 
the contribution of the company to a low carbon economy. 
The 2023 Acciona Sustainable Impact Financing Framework has been established in accordance with the 
forthcoming EU Green Bond Standard, the 2021 Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA) (the “2021 ICMA Green Bond Principles”) and the 2023 Green Loan Principles 
administered by the Loan Market Association (LMA) (the “2023 LMA Green Loan Principles”).
The 2023 Acciona Sustainable Impact Financing Framework was reviewed by DNV, a reputed sustainability 
rating agency, which issued a Second-party opinion in April 2023 (the “DNV Second-party Opinion”) 
confirming the alignment of the 2023 Acciona Sustainable Impact Financing Framework with the 2021 ICMA 
Green Bond Principles and the 2023 LMA Green Loan Principles.
The 2023 Acciona Sustainable Impact Financing Framework and the DNV Second-party Opinion (together 
with any amendment or supplement thereof and any future Sustainable Impact Financing Framework or Second-
party Opinion), as well as the EU Taxonomy DNV Second-party Opinion, will be available for inspection in

--- Page 105 ---
95
the Sustainable Financing section of Acciona Energía’s website, at www.acciona-energia.com/shareholders-
investors/stock-market-information/sustainable-finance/?_adin=11551547647. 
Identification of projects
All projects that are financed and/or refinanced with proceeds from green financing instruments are selected by 
the Audit and Sustainability Committee and are evaluated on a quarterly basis. This Committee comprises 
professionals from Acciona Energía’s finance and sustainability departments as well as sustainability 
representatives from the business lines of Acciona Energía, project managers and other selected experts. The 
Committee is responsible for verifying compliance by all projects with the eligibility criteria based on 
contribution by Acciona Energía’s green projects to the environmental objectives contemplated in the EU 
Taxonomy. Furthermore, Acciona Energía classifies and provides assurance to its activities in accordance to the 
criteria established by the EU Taxonomy. 
Under the current framework, Acciona Energía will not finance any nuclear or fossil gas related activities even 
though they are considered to some extent sustainable economic activities under the EU Taxonomy Regulation.
The DNV Second-party Opinion provides that the eligible use of proceeds categories outlined in the 2023 
Acciona Sustainable Impact Financing Framework – (i) manufacturing (ii) green energy supply (iii) 
transmission, distribution, and storage of electricity (iv) zero-emission transportation (v) water, sewerage, waste 
and remediation (vi) construction and real estate activities and (vii) professional, scientific, and technical 
activities – are viewed by DNV as credible, impactful and aligned with the 2021 ICMA Green Bond Principles 
and the 2023 LMA Green Loan Principles.
Refinancing, look-back period and retroactivity
Under the Sustainable Impact Financing Framework, Eligible Green Projects can qualify for refinancing if they 
comply with the eligibility criteria at the time of the issuance of the Notes, in line with the criteria set forth by 
the ICMA Green Bond Principles, and still deliver a meaningful impact. To be eligible for refinancing, the 
operating life of the relevant asset at the time of refinancing shall not exceed twelve years. If only a portion of 
the proceeds of an issuance are to be used for refinancing, Acciona Energía will provide a non-binding pre-
issuance estimate of the amount to be refinanced, the status of the Eligible Green Project, its expected impact 
and, if traceable, information on its past performance.
Moreover, Acciona Energía has established a look-back period of no more than 36 months from the issue date 
and 24 months from the Issue Date for the allocation of Capital Expenditures and Operating Expenditures 
respectively to existing Eligible Green Projects.
Considering that the EU Taxonomy keeps evolving and that the Technical Screening Criteria (TSC) undergo 
periodical revision, Acciona Energía commits to reviewing its eligibility criteria to meet the latest available 
standards. As a result, in the event of a material review of the EU Taxonomy, the company will substitute the 
assets and expenditure that are no longer considered “Taxonomy-aligned” with new eligible ones as soon as 
practically feasible .
Reporting and external review
Once a year, an external auditor verifies a management statement (each a “Sustainable Finance Report”) on
the allocation and impact of the proceeds from green financing instruments to the eligible green project portfolio 
made by Acciona Energía (each, an “Assurance Report”). 
The Sustainable Finance Report will include:
(a) a breakdown of amounts allocated to each eligible categories or project by type of financial instrument 
(bonds, loans, commercial paper etc);

--- Page 106 ---
96
(b) a breakdown of green projects by financial item (e.g. assets, capital expenditures, operating expenditures) 
and evolution of the proceeds allocated, including a balance of unallocated proceeds and a disclosure of 
temporary use of the proceeds pending allocation to eligible projects;
(c) a list of eligible projects to which proceeds have been allocated or reallocated. In case it is deemed that the 
expected impact will not be achieved during the lifetime of the eligible project, the funds allocated to this 
project will be reinvested giving priority to new eligible ones;
(d) details of the amounts allocated to new financing versus refinancing, projects eligible for the refinancing 
and the look-back period applied;
(e) the geographic distribution of eligible projects;
(f) a confirmation that the green instruments issued under the Sustainable Impact Financing Framework are 
aligned with the EU Taxonomy with external assurance statement;
(g) EU taxonomy macro-sector and sub-sector description in which a project is included;
(h) the EU taxonomy environmental objective pursued with the projects and confirmation, where applicable, 
that the eligible projects continue to meet the relevant eligibility requirements specified by the EU 
Taxonomy;
(i)
metrics applicable to each project;
(j)
information and, when possible, metrics about the projects’ impacts (actual or expected after commercial 
operation), aligned, to the extent possible, to the portfolio approach reporting described in the ICMA 
Harmonised Framework for Impact Reporting, and/or other relevant directives that may arise; and
(k) if applicable, information on the methodology and assumptions used to evaluate the impact of green 
projects.
The information corresponding to the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and the Assurance Report issued 
in May 2023 by KPMG Asesores, S.L. in connection with it are included in the 2022 sustainable finance report 
(the “2022 Sustainable Finance Report”) available in the Sustainable Financing section of Acciona Energía’s 
website, 
at 
www.acciona-energia.com/shareholders-investors/stock-market-information/sustainable-
finance/?_adin=11551547647.
Litigation
Members of Acciona Energía are party as defendants to legal proceedings from time to time arising in the 
ordinary course of business, most frequently, in claims with subcontractors related to disputes in construction 
contracts and with land owners in connection with real estate-related issues. In addition, members of Acciona 
Energía are also party from time to time as plaintiffs in other disputes in connection with contractual breaches 
of counterparties (mostly, payment defaults), tax claims, insurance claims and permitting and regulatory claims. 
Acciona Energía records provisions in its consolidated balance sheet to cover liabilities whenever it is 
considered that an adverse outcome is more likely than not and the potential outflow is quantifiable. Provisions 
are quantified on the basis of the information available and legal advice received by Acciona Energía. Based on 
this information and legal advice, Acciona Energía did not record any provisions for legal contingencies as of 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.
Management
The Board of Directors of the Guarantor is composed of eleven members: one executive director, six 
independent directors and four proprietary directors.

--- Page 107 ---
97
The following table sets forth the composition of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor.
Name
Title
Category
First 
Appointment
Term Expires
Mr José Manuel 
Entrecanales Domecq
Chairperson
Proprietary
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Mr Rafael Mateo Alcalá
Chief executive 
officer
Executive
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Mr Juan Ignacio 
Entrecanales Franco
Director
Proprietary
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Ms Sonia Dulá
Director
Proprietary
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Mr Juan Luis López 
Cardenete
Director
Independent
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Ms Karen Christiana
Figueres Olsen
Director
Proprietary
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Mr Alejandro Mariano 
Werner Wainfeld
Director
Independent
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Ms María Salgado 
Madriñán
Director
Independent
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Mr Rosauro Varo Rodríguez
Director
Independent
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Ms María Fanjul Suárez
Director
Independent
May 26, 2021
June 1 2025
Ms Teresa Quirós Álvarez
Director
Independent
June 1, 2023
June 1 2025
The secretary non-director of the Board of Directors is Mr Jorge Vega-Penichet López.
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Avenida de la Gran Vía de Hortaleza, 1, 
28033 Madrid, Spain.
The Directors of the Guarantor have collectively the appropriate expertise and experience for the management 
of the business of Acciona Energía.
Directors’ Managerial Positions and Shareholdings
Several members of the Board of Directors perform activities outside the Guarantor. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the principal activities of the members of the Board of Directors performed by them outside the 
Guarantor are not significant with respect to the Guarantor. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no 
potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Guarantor of the members of the Board of Directors and 
their private interests and or duties. 
The table below sets forth the names of the members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor that hold a 
position as member of the Board of Directors in other listed companies:
Director
Entity
Position
Sector
Mr 
José 
Manuel 
Entrecanales Domecq
Acciona, S.A.
Chairperson and chief executive 
officer
Infrastructure 
and 
renewables
Mr 
Juan 
Ignacio 
Entrecanales Franco
Acciona, S.A.
Executive vice-chairperson
Infrastructure 
and 
renewables
Ms Sonia Dulá
Acciona, S.A.
Director
Infrastructure 
and 
renewables

--- Page 108 ---
98
Director
Entity
Position
Sector
Huntsman Corporation
Director
Manufacture 
and 
marketing of chemicals
BBVA, S.A.
Director
Banking
Ms 
Karen 
Christiana 
Figueres
Grupo 
Agricola
Industrial 
San 
Cristobal, S.A. 
Director
Family company
Mr 
Alejandro 
Mariano 
Werner Wainfeld
BBVA Mexico
Director
Banking services
Ms Teresa Quirós Álvarez
Promotora de Informaciones, S.A.
Director
Media 
and 
entertainment
Tubos Reunidos, S.A.
Director
Engineering 
and 
construction
Singular People, S.A.
Director
Entertainment
One of the independent directors of the Guarantor, Mr Juan Luis López Cardenete, is currently a member of the 
board of directors of Smartener S.L., a company that operates in the same industry as Acciona Energía. The 
legal department of the Guarantor analysed this situation and concluded that it did not generate a conflict of 
interest for Mr Juan Luis López Cardenete as independent director of the Guarantor in attention to the different 
dimension and market position of the companies. In addition, on 26 May 2021, Acciona, as, at that time, sole 
shareholder of the Guarantor authorised Mr Juan Luis López Cardenete to continue holding the position of 
director in said company. 
Any conflict of interest will be subject to the Guarantor’s Board of Directors Regulations and Securities Markets 
Code of Conduct. Pursuant to the Guarantor’s Board of Directors Regulations, each member of the Board of 
Directors is required to report to the Board of Directors any circumstances that may give rise to a conflict of 
interest, direct or indirect, with the Guarantor.  Additionally, directors should abstain from engaging in 
commercial or professional transactions which may give rise to a conflict of interest, without having first 
informed and received approval from the Board of Directors or the Shareholders’ General Meeting, as the case 
may be, which shall request a report from the Audit and Sustainability Committee. Such authorisation shall not 
be necessary for transactions entered into with the Guarantor which are not deemed to be related party 
transactions under applicable law or which authorisation may be delegated by the Board of Directors, in which 
case the Guarantor will establish control mechanisms for monitoring compliance therewith.
Share capital and major shareholders
The current share capital of the Guarantor is €329,250,589, represented by 329,250,589 shares with a par value 
of €1 each, forming a single class. The share capital is fully paid up.
The largest shareholders of the Guarantor as of the date of this Base Prospectus are:
Company
% shareholding
Acciona, S.A.
82.63%
Source: Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish National Securities Market Commission)
On 26 May 2021, Acciona, and the Guarantor entered into a framework agreement (the “Framework 
Agreement”). The Framework Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and exceptions set out therein, the 
Acciona Group shall carry out the activities related to the promotion, design, development, and exploitation of 
electricity-generation facilities through renewable-energy sources and the other activities describe in the 
Framework Agreement pertaining to Acciona Energía’s business worldwide exclusively through Acciona

--- Page 109 ---
99
Energía. Additionally, Acciona Energía and the rest of Acciona Group may enter into related party transactions 
subject to applicable law and the requirements of the Framework Agreement. 
The 
Framework 
Agreement 
is 
available 
for 
inspection 
on 
the 
Guarantor’s 
website, 
at 
https://procoazrbolsast01.blob.core.windows.net/media/pmpm1fnm/framework-agreement-caer.pdf

--- Page 110 ---
100
TAXATION
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult with their own professional 
advisers.
Taxation in Spain
The following summary describes the main Spanish tax implications arising in connection with the acquisition,
holding and disposal of the Notes by individuals or entities who are the beneficial owners of the Notes (the 
“Noteholders” and each a “Noteholder”).
All the tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that the Notes are initially 
registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences, including 
those under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, of purchasing, owning and disposing of 
Notes.
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently 
applicable in the Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect.
1
Introduction
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus:
(a)
of general application, First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on regulation, supervision 
and solvency of credit entities (“Law 10/2014”) and Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the 
General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules 
of the procedures to apply taxes (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”), as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011,
of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1145/2011”);
(b)
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are Personal Income Tax (“PIT”) tax payers, Law 
35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the “PIT Law”), and Royal Decree 
439/2007, of 30 March approving the PIT Regulations which develop the PIT Law, as amended, along 
with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax ( the “Wealth Tax Law”), as amended, Law 38/2022 of 27 
December, introducing temporary taxation of energy and of credit institutions and financial credit 
establishments which also creates a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes (the “Tax on Large 
Fortunes Law”), and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended;
(c)
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) taxpayers, 
Law 27/2014 of 27 November on Corporate Income Tax, as amended (the “CIT Law”), and Royal Decree 
634/2015, of 10 July, promulgating the CIT Regulations, as amended (the “CIT Regulations”); and
(d)
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident Income 
Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the Consolidated 
Text of the NRIT Law (the “NRIT Law”), as amended and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July,

--- Page 111 ---
101
promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended along with the Wealth Tax Law as amended , Tax on 
Large Fortunes Law and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended.
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt 
from indirect taxes in Spain, for example, exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the 
consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt 
from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, regulating such tax.
2
Spanish tax resident individuals
2.1
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas)
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer of the Notes constitute a return on 
investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 
25.2 of the PIT Law, and must be included in the PIT savings taxable base of each investor and taxed currently 
at 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000; 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000;
23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000; 27 per cent. for taxable income between 
€200,000.01 and €300,000, and 28 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €300,000.
As a general rule, both types of income may be subject to the corresponding withholding tax on account of 
Spanish PIT, at the applicable tax rate (currently 19 per cent.). However, Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, establishes information procedures applicable to debt instruments 
issued under Law 10/2014 (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) under which interest
payments will be paid by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent free of withholding tax, provided that such information 
procedures are complied with, as described in “Disclosure Obligations in connection with payments on the 
Notes”. 
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks relating 
to withholding – Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation”.
Nevertheless, withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) may have to be deducted by other 
entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax purposes in 
Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
Amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their final PIT liability.
2.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes 
(Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de las Grandes Fortunas)
Individuals with tax residency in Spain will be subject to Wealth Tax, to the extent that their net worth exceeds 
€700,000, at the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5%, without prejudice to any relevant exemption 
which may apply and the relevant laws and regulations in force in each autonomous region of Spain. Therefore, 
they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as of December 31.
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large fortunes applies at the State level (Autonomous Regions do not have 
competences) in 2022 and 2023 (payable in 2023 and 2024 correspondingly) as a complementary tax to Wealth 
Tax charged on net assets in excess of €3,000,000 at rates up to 3.5%. Any Wealth Tax paid will be deductible 
on the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes.
2.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or State rules (subject to any regional tax exemptions being available to them). The applicable

--- Page 112 ---
102
effective tax rates currently range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. (subject to any specific regional rules), 
depending on relevant factors.
3
Spanish tax resident legal entities
3.1
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer of the Notes must be included as 
taxable income of Spanish tax resident legal entities for CIT purposes in accordance with the rules for this tax, 
being typically subject to the standard rate of 25 per cent., with lower or higher rates applicable to certain 
categories of taxpayers.
According to Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, the Issuer is not
obliged to withhold any tax amount on interest payments made under the Notes provided that the new simplified 
information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the Fiscal
Agent, as described in section “Disclosure Obligations in connection with Payments on the Notes”.
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks relating 
to withholding – Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation”.
Income derived from the transfer of the Notes shall not be subject to withholding tax as provided by Section 
61(s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes satisfy the requirements laid down 
by the reply to the Directorate General for Taxation’s (Dirección General de Tributos) consultation, on 27 July 
2004, indicating that in the case of issuances made by entities with tax residency in Spain (as in the case of each 
of the Issuer), application of the exemption requires that the Notes be placed outside Spain in another OECD 
country and traded on organised markets in OECD countries. 
Amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their final CIT liability
3.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax.
3.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market value of 
the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes.
4
Individuals and legal entities tax resident outside Spain
4.1
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes)
(A)
Acting through a permanent establishment in Spain
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain.
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who 
is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes 
shall be, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers.
(B)
Not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain

--- Page 113 ---
103
Both interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, 
and who are NRIT taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT, on the 
same terms laid down for income from public debt.
In order for the exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with certain information obligations 
relating to the Notes, in the manner detailed below under “Disclosure obligations in connection with 
payments on the Notes” as laid down in Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal 
Decree 1145/2011. If these information obligations are not complied with in the manner indicated, the 
Issuer will withhold 19 per cent. and the Issuer will not pay additional amounts.
Non-Resident investors entitled to the exemption from NRIT but where the Issuer does not timely 
receive the information about the Notes in accordance with the procedure described in detail below under 
“Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes” would have to apply directly to the 
Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set 
forth in the Spanish NRIT Law.
4.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes 
(Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de las Grandes Fortunas)
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the Wealth 
Tax will not be generally subject to such tax on the Notes. Otherwise, under current Wealth Tax Law and Tax 
on Large Fortunes Law, non-Spanish resident individuals whose Spanish properties and rights are located in 
Spain (or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory) could be subject to Wealth Tax and Temporary 
Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes during year 2023. However, as the income derived from the Notes is exempted 
from NRIT, any non-resident individuals holding the Notes as of 31 December 2023 will be exempted from 
Spanish Wealth Tax in respect of such holding. 
Legal entities tax resident outside Spain are not subject to Spanish Wealth Tax and Temporary Solidarity Tax 
on Large Fortunes.
4.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, gift 
or legacy, and who are tax resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to Inheritance and Gift Tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty.
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to Inheritance and 
Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable Spanish regional and State legislation.
Legal entities not tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to NRIT (as described above). 
If the entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the provisions of such 
treaty will apply. In general, double tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of 
residence of the beneficiary.
5
Payments under the Guarantees
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantees may be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction on account of any Spanish tax.

--- Page 114 ---
104
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, even if the 
Spanish tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has effectively assumed all the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantees, and that accordingly they shall be classified 
as interest payments for Spanish tax purposes, they should determine that payments made by the Guarantor 
relating to interest on the Notes will be subject to the same tax rule previously set out for payments made by 
the Issuer (i.e. payable free of withholding tax provided that the relevant information obligations outlined in 
“Disclosure obligation in connection with payments on the Notes” below are complied with).
6
Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes
The Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to gather certain information relating to the Notes. In accordance 
with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, certain information with 
respect to the Notes must be submitted to the Issuer at the time of each payment (or, alternatively, before the 
tenth calendar day of the month following the month in which the relevant payment is made).
Such information includes the following:
(a)
Identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b)
the date on which the relevant payment is made;
(c)
total amount of income from the Notes;
(d)
total amount of income (either from interest payments or redemption) corresponding to each clearing 
house located outside Spain.
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a certificate the 
form of which is attached as Annex I to this Base Prospectus. In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal
Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes by the 
close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding each relevant Payment Date. If, despite these 
procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Issuer on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold 
tax at the then-applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of interest payable in respect of the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding.
If, before the tenth day of the month following the month in which interest is paid, the Fiscal Agent provides 
such information, the Issuer will reimburse the amounts withheld.
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1145/2011, please refer to “Risk Factors – Risks relating 
to withholding – Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation”.
The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not accept any responsibility relating to the procedures established 
for the collection of information concerning the Notes and they will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered 
by any holder who would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income 
payments are nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because these procedures prove ineffective. 
Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. See “Risk 
Factors”. The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, which may be inspected upon reasonable notice, at the specified offices of the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent. Should any withholding tax be levied in Spain, holders of the Notes should note that they 
may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any tax refund which may be available to them.
In the event that the currently applicable procedures were modified, amended or supplemented by, amongst 
others, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the Issuer will inform 
the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, as the Issuer may be required to apply

--- Page 115 ---
105
withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes if the Noteholders would not comply with such 
information procedures. In such case, the Issuer will not pay additional amounts with respect to the Notes as a 
result of the imposition of such withholding tax, as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation).
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will only hold the Spanish language version of the relevant 
certificate as the valid one for all purposes.
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions including Spain have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign pass thru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for the purpose of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions –
Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 116 ---
106
Annex I
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de 
desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real 
Decreto 1065/2007
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de las 
actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de 
los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (...)(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad declarante), 
con número de identificación fiscal (....)(1) y domicilio en (...) en calidad de (marcar la letra que proceda):
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification number 
(....)(1) and address in (...) as (function - mark as applicable):
(a)
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones.
(a)
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form.
(b)
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero.
(b)
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country.
(c)
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español.
(c)
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled 
in the Spanish territory.
(d)
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor.
(d)
Paying Agent appointed by the issuer.
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records:
1.
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44:
1.
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44:
1.1 
Identificación de los valores........................................................................................................................
1.1
Identification of the securities .......................................................................................................................
1.2
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
.......................................................................................................................................................................
1.2
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)..........................
1.3
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores
emitidos al descuento o segregados)...........................................................................................................
1.3
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount 
or are segregated) ..........................................................................................................................................

--- Page 117 ---
107
1.4
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga 
una Entidad Gestora
1.4
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados).
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated).
2.
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44.
2.
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44.
2.1
Identificación de los valores........................................................................................................................
2.1 
Identification of the securities .......................................................................................................................
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
.......................................................................................................................................................................
2.2
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) ......................
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados .................................................................................................................................................
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated).....................................................................................................................................................
2.4
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero A.
2.4
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country A.
2.5
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero B.
2.5
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country B.
2.6
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero C.
2.6
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country C.
Lo que declaro en ………………………… a ........ de …………. de …........
I declare the above in……………………on the ...... of …………... of ……....
(1)En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el número o código 
de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia
(1)In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be included the number 
or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 118 ---
108
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banca March, S.A., Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco de Sabadell, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bankinter, S.A., Bestinver Sociedad 
de Valores, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mizuho 
Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V., UniCredit Bank AG and Société 
Générale (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by 
the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 21 July 
2023 and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers (the “Dealer Agreement”). Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price 
at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
United States of America
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA 
is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
The Notes are subject to U. S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U. S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes and the Guarantees, (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the 
case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes 
of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such 
Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U. S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes and the Guarantees within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes and the Guarantees within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by

--- Page 119 ---
109
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms  in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 120 ---
110
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression 
UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:
(i)
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:
(ii)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:
(A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or

--- Page 121 ---
111
(B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer;
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
and
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed that an offering of Notes 
may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has 
not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result 
in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese 
governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, 
“Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan.
Kingdom of Spain
The Dealers have represented and agreed that the Notes will not be offered, sold or distributed, nor will any 
subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offer of securities in Spain within the meaning of the Law 6/2023, of 17 March, on Securities Markets and 
Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión), 
or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. Neither the 
Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore the Base Prospectus is not intended for any public offer of the 
Notes in Spain.
Republic of Italy
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or

--- Page 122 ---
112
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document relating to the Notes 
be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) (“Qualified Investors”), as defined pursuant to Article 2, 
letter e), of Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b), of 
CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the “Regulation 11971/1999”), all as 
amended from time to time; or 
(b)
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers of securities to be made to the 
public pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, article 100 of the Financial Services Act and 
Article 34-ter of the Regulation 11971/1999, as amended from time to time, and any other applicable
Italian laws and regulations.
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes in the Republic of Italy or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, 
any Final Terms or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) and (b) above 
must be:
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018, as amended, and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
“Banking Act”), and any other applicable laws and regulations; and
(ii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time), and/or 
any other Italian authority.
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 123 ---
113
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37(A) of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities-based 
Derivative Contracts) Regulations 2018.
SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), prior to making any offering 
of Notes, the Issuer shall make a determination in relation to each issue of Notes, and notify all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), whether the Notes are (i) either ‘prescribed capital markets products’ 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) or capital markets products other than ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (ii) either ‘Excluded Investment Products’ or ‘Specified 
Investment Products’ (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Switzerland
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
General
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief 
with all applicable securities laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense.
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s)

--- Page 124 ---
114
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above.
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 125 ---
115
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of the 
Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Guarantor passed on 26 May 2021.
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the joint directors of the Issuer passed 
on 21 June 2021. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the joint directors of the Issuer 
passed on 26 June 2023. The Guarantor authorised the update of the Programme and the Guarantee by a 
resolution of its Board of Directors passed on 1 June 2023.
Significant/Material change
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor has there been any significant 
change in its financial position or performance since 31 December 2022, being the date of the most recently 
published audited financial information of the Issuer.
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, 
nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or performance of the Guarantor and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole, since 31 December 2022, being the date of the most recently published audited 
consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Saved as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Guarantor – Litigation”, neither of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor nor any of the members of Acciona Energía is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
or the Guarantor are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in 
such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of any of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or Acciona Energía.
Material contracts
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of Acciona Energía being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.
Independent Auditors to the Issuer and the Guarantor
The consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 and the annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 have 
been audited by KPMG Auditores, S.L., registered in the Official Registry of Auditors (Registro Oficial de 
Auditores de Cuentas) under number S0702. The registered office of KPMG Auditores, S.L. is Paseo de la 
Castellana, 259C, 28046 Madrid, Spain.
Third party information
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used.

--- Page 126 ---
116
Listing
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated 
market. However, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
Clearing of the Notes
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
Documents on display
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies of the following
documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent or at www.acciona-energia.com:
(i)
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantees and the forms of Global Notes, Definitive 
Notes, Coupons and Talons;
(ii)
a copy of this Base Prospectus, any future prospectuses, supplements, Final Terms (save that Final Terms 
relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) and any documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference, and
(iii)
the by-laws of the Issuer and the Guarantor (together with an English translation thereof).
The English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for each of the financial 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 and of the annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021, together with the English translations of the respective auditor’s reports thereon, can be 
accessed on the addresses on the Guarantor’s website set out in “Documents incorporated by reference”.
The Base Prospectus, any supplement prospectus and the Final Terms for notes listed on Euronext Dublin will 
also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).
The Sustainable Impact Financing Framework and Second-party Opinion and the 2022 Sustainable Finance 
Report will be available for inspection in the Sustainable Financing section of Acciona Energía’s website, at 
www.acciona-energia.com/shareholders-investors/stock-market-information/sustainable-
finance/?_adin=11551547647
The Framework Agreement will be available for inspection on the Guarantor’s website at the address set out 
in“Description of the Guarantor – Share capital and major shareholders”.
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus,

--- Page 127 ---
117
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.
LEI
The legal entity identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 254900CO48EPLIMJDK17.
The legal entity identifier (“LEI”) of the Guarantor is 254900UPX0OEHTKB9Y44.

--- Page 128 ---
118
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Acciona Energía Financiación Filiales, S.A. Unipersonal
Avenida de la Gran Vía de Hortaleza, 1 
28033 Madrid
Spain
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR
Corporación Acciona Energías Renovables, S.A.
Avenida de la Gran Vía de Hortaleza, 1 
28033 Madrid
Spain
ARRANGER AND DEALER
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Ciudad BBVA
Edificio Asia
c/ Sauceda 28
28050 Madrid 
Spain
DEALERS
Banca March, S.A.
Avenida Alejandro Rosselló 8
07002 Palma de Mallorca
Spain
Banco de Sabadell, S.A.
Avenida Óscar Esplá 37
03007 Alicante
Spain
Banco Santander, S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander
Avenida de Cantabria s/n
Edificio Encinar, planta baja,
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid
Spain
Bankinter, S.A.
Paseo de la Castellana 29
28046 Madrid
Spain
Bestinver Sociedad de Valores, S.A.
Velázquez 140, 2º
28006 Madrid
Spain
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France

--- Page 129 ---
119
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
CaixaBank, S.A.
Pintor Sorolla, 2-4
46002 Valencia 
Spain
Crédit Agricole
Corporate and Investment Bank
12, Place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking
Via Manzoni 4 - 20121 Milan
Italy
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
Amsterdam 1082 MD
The Netherlands
Société Générale
29 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
160 Queem Victoria Street
London EC4V 4LA
United Kingdom

--- Page 130 ---
120
IRISH LISTING AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch
Riverside Two
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay
Grand Canal Dock
Dublin 2
Ireland
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
KPMG Auditores, S.L.
Paseo de la Castellana 259 C
28046 Madrid
Spain
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law
Simmons & Simmons LLP
Miguel Ángel 11
28010 Madrid
Spain