--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
Accor 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Accor 
("Accor" or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro 
Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €3,000,000,000 (or 
the equivalent in other currencies). 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto, each a "Supplement") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as may be amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus 
has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and received the approval no. 25-045 on 21 February 2025. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
For a period of twelve (12) months following the date of this Base Prospectus, application may be made (i) to the regulated market of 
Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris") for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to the listing authority of any 
other Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined 
below) in such Member State, provided that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors' 
assessment of the Notes. After 21 February 2026, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Euronext 
Paris is a regulated market (a "Regulated Market") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as 
may be amended from time to time ("EU MiFID II").  
 
The price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below) based on the prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of such Notes and will be set out in the 
relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein). Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more 
fully described herein. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.  
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will 
be inscribed either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on 
behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form 
without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons 
for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon certification as to 
non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended 
to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
The minimum denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's long-term debt is rated BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P") and BBB- (positive outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). The Programme is currently unrated. Notes issued under 
the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating (if any) may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Whether or not such credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority's website (the "ESMA") (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P and Fitch appear on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency without notice. 
 
The ratings of S&P and Fitch have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, respectively, in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P and Fitch may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers for the Programme  
 
BNP PARIBAS 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CIC MARKET 
SOLUTIONS  
CITIGROUP 
COMMERZBANK  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE 
CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
DEUTSCHE BANK  
HSBC 
MIZUHO  
MUFG 
NATIXIS 
SANTANDER 
CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
 
 
This Base Prospectus is dated 21 February 2025

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference herein), as may be supplemented 
from time to time, constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and has been prepared for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer or the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole (the "Group") and the Notes which, according to the 
particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attached to 
the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. This Base Prospectus may only be used 
for the purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in 
the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
In this Base Prospectus, "Arranger" means BNP PARIBAS and "Dealers" means Banco Santander, S.A., BNP 
PARIBAS, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A., 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, MUFG 
Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis and Société Générale and any further dealer appointed in connection with the 
Programme or with respect to any specific issue of Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may 
include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold, or in the case of Materialised Notes (as defined below) delivered, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S") or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and regulations thereunder). For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, 
or purchase, any Notes. 
EU PRIIPS IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
UK PRIIPS IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in EU MiFID II) should take into consideration such 
determination; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made by all relevant Dealers in relation 
to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product Governance rules under Commission 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (EU), as amended (the "EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as 
defined above) should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME – Solely for the purposes of 
its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 (the "SF (CMP) Regulations") that, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, all Notes issued under the Programme shall be "prescribed capital markets" products (as defined in "SF 
(CMP) Regulations") and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger 
accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported 
to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering 
of any Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or information supplied in 
connection with the Programme (including any information incorporated by reference) are intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements 
should purchase the Notes.  
 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary.

--- Page 5 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 14 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................. 21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 22 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................. 27 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 28 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ............. 62 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 63 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 64 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................... 81 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 85 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............... 88

--- Page 6 ---
82 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This general description of the Programme constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes 
of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does 
not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Issuer: 
Accor 
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 
969500QZC2Q0TK11NV07 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up 
to 
€3,000,000,000 
 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The amount of the Programme may be increased in accordance 
with the terms of the Dealer Agreement.  
Arranger: 
BNP PARIBAS. 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, BofA Securities 
Europe 
SA, 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Europe AG, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A., 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, MUFG Securities (Europe) 
N.V., Natixis and Société Générale 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
"Dealers" is to the Dealers listed above and to such additional 
persons that are appointed as permanent dealers in respect of the 
Programme (and, in each case, whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to "relevant Dealers" are to Dealers 
and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS (acting though its securities services 
department)  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest, 
issue price and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where 
necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in 
the final terms (the "Final Terms").

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised 
Notes") 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued 
in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) 
and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, 
in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) form. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination and Title". 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A temporary 
Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be 
issued outside France. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Form, Denomination and Title" below. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, 
Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealers. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
No later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of 
each Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable, or 
as the case may be, the application form, relating to such Tranche 
shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of 
such Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealers. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that (i) the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Status of the Notes: 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes constitute 
direct, unconditional, (subject to the Negative Pledge)

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, and 
rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference 
amongst themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from 
time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably 
with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, all as described in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Status and Negative Pledge". 
Negative Pledge: 
Noteholders will have the benefit of a negative pledge described 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status and Negative 
Pledge". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency pursuant to the 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as 
supplemented by the relevant FBF Technical Schedules 
(Additifs Techniques) as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française, or 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") or the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA, each as amended, 
supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, each as published by the ISDA (or 
any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org); or 
(iii) by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") or the Euro Constant Maturity Swap rate 
("EUR CMS") or by reference to a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, as may be determined by the Independent 
Adviser if a Benchmark Event occurs.  
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as defined in Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(5)), the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
(as such terms are defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5)), the 
related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms of the 
relevant Series of Notes are further described in Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(5).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that, on the 
Switch Date (i) the Issuer may elect to convert from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest (other than in the case of late 
payment in relation to the principal amount only). 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes and the 
applicable Rate of Interest or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may 
have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest, 
or both. The use of Interest Accrual Periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the Redemption Amounts 
payable, determined in accordance with the Conditions. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA 
must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).  
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Series of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Redemption for Taxation reasons:  
If, by reason of a change in French law or regulation, or any 
change in the official application or interpretation of such law or 
regulation, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without 
having to pay additional amounts, the Issuer may on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any 
time, (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) redeem in whole, 
but not in part, the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 5(b)) together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption as further 
described in Condition 5(c)(i).  
If the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons be prevented by French law or 
regulation from making payment to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, then the 
Issuer shall redeem in whole, but not in part, the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons without withholding or deduction for French taxes, 
or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter, as 
further described in Condition 5(c)(ii).

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the 
Issuer: 
If "Residual Maturity Call Option" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of 
Notes, then the Issuer will have the option to redeem in whole, 
but not in part, the Notes at any time during the period starting 
on (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued up to (but excluding) the date set 
for redemption.  
Squeeze-out Call Option: 
If "Squeeze-out Call Option" is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes, then 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem at the Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the date set for redemption, in 
whole but not in part, of that Series of Notes at any time, if Notes 
representing an aggregate amount equal or superior to 75 per 
cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of such Series 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt any Notes which have 
been consolidated and form a single Series therewith)) have 
been redeemed or purchased (and subsequently cancelled) by 
the Issuer other than by way of an Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer. 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer:  
If "Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any Series of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to their Maturity Date or Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date, as the case may be, at their relevant Optional 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date set for 
redemption.  
Change of Control Put Option: 
If "Change of Control Put Option" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if any time while any 
Note remains outstanding (a) a Change of Control (as defined in 
the Conditions) occurs and (b) within the Change of Control 
Period (as defined in the Conditions), a Rating Downgrade (as 
defined in the Conditions) occurs or has occurred as a result of 
such Change of Control or as the result of a Potential Change of 
Control, each Noteholder will have the option (unless, prior to 
the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined in the 
Conditions)), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem 
the Notes under Condition 5) to require the Issuer to redeem or, 
at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of its Notes, on 
the Change of Control Redemption Date at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b)) together 
with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control 
Redemption Date (as defined in the Conditions). 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption", "Residual 
Maturity Call Option", "Optional Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer" and "Squeeze-out Call Option" above, the Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only 
for tax reasons or, if applicable, in instalments. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and Options". 
Cross-Default: 
Noteholders will have the benefit of a cross-default described in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default". 
Ratings: 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB- 
(stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P") and BBB- (positive outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("Fitch"). The Programme is currently unrated. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation is published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority's 
website 
(the 
"ESMA") 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation). 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit 
ratings are (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or in the UK, and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P and Fitch appear on 
the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
ESMA. 
The ratings of S&P and Fitch have been endorsed by S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, respectively, in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been 
withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P and Fitch may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without 
notice.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of any jurisdiction or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If pursuant to French laws, payments of principal, interest or 
other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon become subject 
to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed by France, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary in order that the Noteholders or, as the case may be, 
the Couponholders will receive after such withholding or 
deduction the full amount then due and payable thereon in the 
absence of such deduction or withholding, subject to certain 
exceptions. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction: 
French law. 
The competent courts in Paris have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with any Notes, 
Coupons or Talons. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application may be made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
Euronext Paris is a Regulated Market published on the ESMA 
website. The Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading 
on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, and the relevant Dealers in relation to each 
Series. The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will 
state whether or not and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) the 
Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales, and 
deliveries of the Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material, including in or into United States, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom and France, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Representation of Noteholders:  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (the "Masse").  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part 
through a representative (the "Representative") and in part 
through collective decisions (the "Collective Decisions") of the 
Noteholders. If and for so long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights 
and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of 
Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de Commerce and 
as amended and supplemented by Condition 10 (Representation 
of Noteholders).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Use of proceeds:  
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base 
Prospectus and unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by 
the Issuer for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors set out below are 
limited to those that are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material to an informed investor's decision to invest 
in the Notes issued under the Programme. These risks are ranked and presented in decreasing order of importance 
within each category, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of 
their occurrence (and in no particular order of importance between categories). 
 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors should read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of any documents 
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein and the relevant Final Terms) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision.  
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
Risks related to the Issuer  
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity which are specific to the Issuer and material for taking an 
informed investment decision are set out on pages 102-108 of the universal registration document (document 
d'enregistrement universel) of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023 incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, as set out in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus. The 
following risk factors are incorporated by reference: 
(a) 
climate risks; 
(b) 
malicious attack on the integrity of digital personal data;  
(c) 
talent attraction and retention risk;  
(d) 
unfavorable change in the geopolitical, health or economic environment;  
(e) 
unavailability of digital operating data; and  
(f) 
non-compliance with standards, laws and regulations.   
 
Risk factors related to the Notes issued under the Programme  
In assessing the materiality of each risk below, the Issuer has considered the probability of its occurrence and the 
magnitude of its impact. The risk factors have been presented in a limited number of categories depending on their 
nature. The risks which the Issuer considers to be the most material are set out first in each category, with the 
remaining risk factors in each category set out in descending order of materiality. 
Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
Economic and financial risks 
• 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of 
the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB- 
(stable outlook) by S&P and BBB- (positive outlook) by Fitch, and the value of the Notes will depend on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of such credit rating (as may be impacted by the risks relating to the 
Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential adverse impact on the 
Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, in particular if the credit rating 
deteriorates, and (iii) Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.  
• 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market. 
However, the Notes listed on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market may have no established trading 
market when issued, and one may never develop. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not 
maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected as Noteholders may not 
be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that would provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market.  
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of factors 
such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the Group, 
as well as other factors such as the outstanding amount of the Notes, the redemption features of the Notes and the 
level, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors may adversely affect the market value of the 
Notes in a significant manner.  
• 
Exchange rate risks  
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The Issuer 
will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency). Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political events 
over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Legal Risks 
• 
French insolvency law  
Insolvency laws and the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and 
discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 ("EU Restructuring Directive") could have a material 
adverse effect on Noteholders' rights and claims under the Notes.  
The Issuer is incorporated in the Republic of France as a société anonyme. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, 
where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the 
Issuer is located in France. The EU Restructuring Directive has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 
2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021 (the "2021 Ordonnance"). Such 2021 Ordonnance amended French insolvency 
laws in particular with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. 
According to the 2021 Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be 
treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring 
plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed 
restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this 
plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with 
potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may be overridden by a cross-class cram down. This 
limitation could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Noteholders to recover their investments in the 
Notes. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be 
ratified by the court at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting 
classes through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes in Condition 10 (Representation of the Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent they 
are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have a 
material adverse effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties 
could materially and adversely impact the Noteholders and, depending on the nature of the decisions, cause them to 
lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the 
Issuer. 
• 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 10 (Representation of 
Noteholders). The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interest generally to be adopted through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions") either in a general meeting (the "General Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation 
(the "Written Decisions"). The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote (or were not represented) at the relevant General 
Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority or Noteholders who did not consent to a Written 
Decision. Noteholders may be asked to decide on any proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and 
Conditions by way of Collective Decisions, as more fully described in Condition 10 (Representation of Noteholders). 
It should be noted that pursuant to Condition 10(g), the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, in relation to proposed 
changes in the corporate form of the Issuer only, and 3°, in relation to proposed Intra-Group Reorganisation of the 
Issuer, of the French Code de commerce, and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce, do not apply 
to the Notes. As a consequence, Condition 10 allows the Issuer to change its corporate form or proceed with a merger 
(fusion) or demerger (scission) within the current group perimeter without being required to seek the approval of the 
Noteholders. Any such change or transaction may impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders and accordingly have 
a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
If such a General Meeting were to take place or such a Written Decision were to be taken, it is possible that a majority 
of Noteholders could adopt a decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or 
limit the rights of the Noteholders. These amendments could in turn have the effect of reducing the market value of 
the Notes.  
Risks relating to the structure and characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
Interest Rate Risks 
• 
Interest rate risk on Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate Notes") involves the risk that if market interest 
rates subsequently increase above the rate paid in the Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Fixed Rate Notes to Noteholders 
(see Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)). While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and is determined for the term of such Note or a given period of time, the market interest 
rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of 
the Fixed Rate Note on the secondary market varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, 
the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately 
the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, 
until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. Movements of the Market 
Interest Rate are hard to anticipate and can adversely affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Movements in the Market Interest Rate could have a very significant impact on the Noteholders as selling the Notes 
during a period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes could cause the Noteholders to 
lose part of the capital they had invested. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that the Market Interest Rate typically 
varies on a daily basis, as mentioned above.   
 
• 
Interest rate risk on Floating Rate Notes 
A key difference between Notes that bear interest at a floating rate of interest ("Floating Rate Notes") and Fixed 
Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The Terms and Conditions of the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Notes allow the Issuer to issue Floating Rate Notes to Noteholders (see Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes)). The floating rate of interest is comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the 
case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but 
there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three 
(3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, 
the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest 
rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next 
periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This stated volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. 
 
If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders are exposed to the reinvestment 
risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
 
• 
Interest rate risk on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes ("Fixed/Floating Rate Notes") with a fixed rate of interest 
that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 4(c) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)). 
The Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, automatically or upon decision of the Issuer at a date (the 
"Switch Date") specified in the Final Terms, can be converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate. The (automatic or optional) conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value of 
the Notes as it can lead to a reduction of the total borrowing costs. If a fixed rate is converted into a floating rate, the 
rate spread between the fixed rate and the floating rate may be less in favour than the rate spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes that have the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate may be, at any time, lower 
than the interest rates of other Notes. If a floating rate is converted into a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
the rate(s) applicable to such Notes previously. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but 
any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.  
• 
Interest rate risk on Zero Coupon Notes  
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes ("Zero Coupon Notes") pursuant to Condition 
4(d) (Zero Coupon Notes). Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. 
If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same 
maturity. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
 
 
• 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
 
Pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes), the relevant Final Terms for 
a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, could specify that the Rate of 
Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Euro 
Constant Maturity Swap rate ("EUR CMS") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks". "Benchmarks" 
are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised 
calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have an 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). The EU Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR and EUR CMS) by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being 
limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
fallback provisions or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. Such 
statutory replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued 
under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time 
or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark.  
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and EUR CMS): 
(i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmarks"; (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain 
"benchmarks". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or 
other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if 
ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iii)(A) (ISDA Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 4(b)(iii)(B) (FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes) respectively, be relying 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes), result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark 
was available. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and 
return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
 
 
• 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"  
 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) provides for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, which include the possibility that the rate of interest could 
be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5)) (Screen 
Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, all as determined by the Independent Adviser 
and without the consent of the Noteholders. 
 
Moreover, in certain circumstances specified in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(3) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes) the fallback rules may not apply as expected at the relevant time. In such a scenario, alternative fallback 
rules may be applied, resulting in the rate of interest for such Interest Period being based on the rate which applied 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period, as set out in the risk factor entitled "The regulation and reform of 
"benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" above.  
 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, it may take some time before a clear successor rate or alternative rate is 
established in the market. Accordingly, Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5) provides as a further fallback that, following the 
designation of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, if the Independent Adviser determines that the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Original Reference Rate or does not constitute 
an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint an Independent Adviser for the purpose of 
confirming the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or determining a replacement Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5). If the Independent Adviser is unable to or otherwise 
does not determine a replacement Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), then the previously-designated 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will remain unchanged despite the fact that it may no longer be substantially 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate or that it may no longer constitute an industry accepted rate, which may 
have an adverse effect on the market value and yield of the Notes. 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may have no or a very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. 
In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative rates and the involvement of

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may perform differently from the discontinued Original Reference Rate. 
 
Any Adjustment Spread applied to any Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may 
be, may not adequately compensate for this impact. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder and any such adjustment may not be favourable to each 
Noteholder. This could have quite an adverse impact on the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, that enter into hedging instruments based on the Original Reference 
Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them 
with instruments tied to the successor or alternative rate. 
 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of, and return on, any such Floating 
Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" because the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event could result in a loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Early Redemption Risks 
• 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes or Coupons 
pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Additional Amounts), due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or a political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons). In addition, in the event that the Issuer would be prevented by French law or regulation from 
making payment to the Noteholders or Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, the Issuer will redeem 
in whole, but not in part, the Notes then outstanding in accordance with Condition 5(c)(ii). Such early redemption 
would be at the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes, which in almost all cases would be their principal amount. 
Any exercise by the Issuer of its early redemption option in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons) may have a very significant impact on the Noteholders. The yields received upon such early redemption 
may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the 
Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such circumstances would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
• 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue of 
Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer including 
a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer as described in Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), a 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer as described in Condition 5(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option by the 
Issuer), a Squeeze-out Call Option as described in Condition 5(f) (Squeeze-out Call Option) or an Optional Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer as described in Condition 5(g) (Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer). 
As a result and only in the event that the Issuer decided to exercise any of the above options activated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes 
may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. In such circumstances, part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder would not receive the total amount of the capital 
invested. Furthermore, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be 
able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes could 
limit the market value of such Notes.  
In addition, if a Residual Maturity Call Option (in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option 
by the Issuer)), is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant 
to the Optional Make-Whole Redemption (in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Optional Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer)) before the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the calculation 
of the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount in respect of the Optional Make-Whole Redemption will be 
calculated by reference to the relevant Residual Maturity Call Option Date rather than the relevant Maturity Date 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled payment of interest shall be deemed to fall on the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date (rather than the relevant Maturity Date) which would result in a reduced rate of 
return on the Notes than a Noteholder would have otherwise received pursuant to the Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for Series of Notes where a 
Residual Maturity Call Option has not been specified.  
Furthermore, the exercise of the Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer may be subject to certain 
refinancing conditions referred to in the notice published by the Issuer in connection thereto, the failure to meet these 
refinancing conditions may render the notice revocable, in which case the Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer will not occur, which may have a negative impact on the Noteholders as the market price of the Notes is likely 
to fall below the expected Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
In particular, with respect to the Squeeze-out Call Option (Condition 5(f) (Squeeze-out Call Option)), there is no 
obligation on the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 75 per cent. or more (as further described 
in Condition 5(f) (Squeeze-out Call Option) has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to 
redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the 
Squeeze-out Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss 
of capital invested or lower than expected returns. 
• 
An early redemption of part of a Series of Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in 
respect of which such option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes, or the proportion of the principal amount of Notes, as the case may be, of the 
same Series in respect of which a partial redemption is made, either at the option of the Issuer provided in Conditions 
5(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or 5(g) (Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or at the 
option of the Noteholders provided in Condition 5(h) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders following a 
Change of Control), any trading market in respect of the outstanding Notes of such Series may become less liquid or 
illiquid which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and adverse impact on any remaining 
Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the moneys they 
receive upon such early redemption in securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which 
such potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or to review and/or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and 
to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any of the Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Credit ratings  
One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential risk related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of the Issuer. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Taxation  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In 
some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial 
instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax overview contained in this 
Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the 
acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the 
specific situation of the potential investor.  
Legality of Purchase 
Neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger or any of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under 
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance 
by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following sections identified in the cross-reference 
table below of the following documents (see hyperlinks in blue) which have been previously published or are published 
simultaneously with the Base Prospectus and that have been filed with the AMF:  
 
(a) 
the press release relating to the full year 2024 results (the "Press Release on the 2024 Results") in the 
French language; 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 
2024 (the "2024 Full Year Unaudited Financial Statements") in the French language; 
(c) 
the Issuer's 2024 interim financial report (rapport financier semestriel) as at and for the period ended 30 
June 2024 (the "2024 Interim Financial Report") in the French language; 
(d) 
the Issuer's 2023 universal registration document (document d'enregistrement universel) (the "2023 
Universal Registration Document") in the French language filed with the AMF under registration N° D.24-
0214, dated 29 March 2024; and 
(e) 
the Issuer's 2022 universal registration document (document d'enregistrement universel) (the "2022 
Universal Registration Document") in the French language filed with the AMF under registration N° D.23-
0202, dated 30 March 2023.   
 
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document 
which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The information contained in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus that is not included in the cross-
reference table below is either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained without charge (i) from the primary 
business office of the Issuer, (ii) on the website of the Issuer (http://group.accor.com) and (iii) (with the exception of the 2024 
Interim Financial Report, the Press Release on the 2024 Results and 2024 Full Year Unaudited Financial Statements) on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will also be available on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). Non-official English translations of the 2022 Universal Registration Document, the 2023 
Universal Registration Document, the 2024 Interim Financial Report, the Press Release on the 2024 Results and the 2024 Full 
Year Unaudited Financial Statements are available on the website of the Issuer (http://group.accor.com). These documents are 
available for information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding versions 
are the French language versions filed with the AMF. 
 
The basis for the statements made by the Issuer and incorporated by reference herein regarding its competitive position are public 
information published by Smith Travel Research. 
 
The following table cross-references the pages of this Base Prospectus to the documents incorporated by reference with the main 
heading required under Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 implementing the Prospectus 
Regulation, as amended.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Annex 7 
 
2024 Interim 
Financial 
Report (page 
number) 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
Press Release 
on the 2024 
Results  
/ 
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements 
(page number)  
3. RISK FACTORS RELATED 
TO THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
3.1 A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the issuer 
and that may affect the issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section 
headed "Risk Factors". 
 
102-108 
 
 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE ISSUER  
 
 
 
 
4.1. History and development of 
the issuer  
 
14-15 
 
 
4.1.1. Legal and commercial 
name of the issuer 
 
418 
 
 
4.1.2. The place of registration of 
the issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier ('LEI'). 
 
418 
 
 
4.1.3.  The date of incorporation 
and the length of life of the 
issuer, except where the period is 
indefinite. 
 
418 
 
 
4.1.4. The domicile and legal 
form of the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer operates, 
its country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal 
place of business if different from 
its registered office) and website 
of the issuer, if any, with a 
disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of 
the prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
 
418 
 
 
4.1.5. Any recent events 
particular to the issuer and which 
are to a material extent relevant 
to an evaluation of the issuer's 
solvency. 
 
313 
 
Press Release on 
the 2024 
Results: 1-20 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
 
5.1. Principal activities

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Annex 7 
 
2024 Interim 
Financial 
Report (page 
number) 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
Press Release 
on the 2024 
Results  
/ 
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements 
(page number)  
5.1.1. A brief description of the 
issuer's principal activities stating 
the main categories of products 
sold and/or services performed. 
 
4, 35-49  
 
 
5.1.2. The basis for any 
statements made by the issuer 
regarding its competitive 
position. 
 
74-80 
 
 
6. ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE  
 
 
 
 
6.1. If the issuer is part of a 
group, a brief description of the 
group and the issuer's position 
within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify 
the structure. 
 
4, 22-23, 74-80, 
410-411 
 
 
7. TREND INFORMATION  
 
 
 
 
7.1 A description of: 
(a) any material adverse change 
in the prospects of the issuer 
since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements; and 
(b) any significant change in the 
financial performance of the 
group since the end of the last 
financial period for which 
financial information has been 
published to the date of the 
registration document. 
 
313 
 
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements: 73

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Annex 7 
 
2024 Interim 
Financial 
Report (page 
number) 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
Press Release 
on the 2024 
Results  
/ 
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements 
(page number)  
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES  
 
 
 
 
9.1. Names, business addresses 
and functions within the issuer of 
the following persons and an 
indication of the principal 
activities performed by them 
outside of that issuer where these 
are significant with respect to that 
issuer: 
(a) members of the 
administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited 
liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
 
 
26, 28-29, 222-
242, 246-247  
 
 
9.2. Administrative, management, 
and supervisory bodies conflicts 
of interests. 
Potential conflicts of interests 
between any duties to the issuer, 
of the persons referred to in item 
9.1, and their private interests and 
or other duties must be clearly 
stated. In the event that there are 
no such conflicts, a statement to 
that effect must be made. 
 
246-247 
 
 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
 
 
 
 
10.1. To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such 
control and describe the measures 
in place to ensure that such 
control is not abused. 
 
424-426  
 
 
10.2 A description of any 
arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in 
a change in control of the issuer. 
 
425-426

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Annex 7 
 
2024 Interim 
Financial 
Report (page 
number) 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
Press Release 
on the 2024 
Results  
/ 
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements 
(page number)  
11. FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION, AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES  
 
 
 
 
11.1. Historical financial 
information  
 
 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial 
information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 
months) or such shorter period as 
the issuer has been in operation 
and the audit report in respect of 
each year. 
15-56 
314-382 
291-355 
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements: 2-79  
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
24 
322-324 
299-301  
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements: 9 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial 
statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-
alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the 
consolidated financial statements 
in the registration document. 
15-53 
316-378 
292-351  
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements: 2-79  
11.1.6 Age of financial 
information 
The balance sheet date of the last 
year of audited financial 
information may not be older 
than 18 months from the date of 
the registration document 
 
322 
299 
 
11.2 Auditing of historical 
financial information 
54-56 (limited 
review) 
379-382 
352-355  
 
11.3 Legal and arbitration 
proceedings 
N/A 
N/A 
 
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements: 73 
11.4  Significant change in the 
Issuer's financial position  
 
313 
 
2024 Full Year 
Unaudited 
Financial 
Statements: 73 
12. MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
 
313, 325-330, 
340-342

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the AMF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare and make 
available a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus 
or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire on 21 February 2026 and the obligation 
to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy will no longer apply. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and the Issuer (http://group.accor.com) and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request 
and free of charge, during usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms (as defined below), shall be applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents 
of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the 
Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined 
in these Conditions (as defined below) will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References 
in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Accor (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest, issue price and nominal amount 
of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of 
each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of 
the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the Final Terms of 
such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an agency agreement dated 21 February 2025 between the Issuer and BNP 
PARIBAS (acting though its securities services department) as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (the 
"Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
In these Conditions, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references below to "day" or "days" 
mean a calendar day. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will 
be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au 
porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France", 
acting as central depository) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as 
defined below), or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the 
Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any 
time request from the central depositary the following identification information of the 
holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the company 
name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of them and any 
restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts on behalf of 
its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of 
the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, a talon 
(the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references 
to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In these Conditions, if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached 
to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons. If Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
attached to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, references to Coupons, Couponholders, Talons and holders of Talons 
are not applicable to Dematerialised Notes.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law 
and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination") save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency at the issue date) or 
such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency 
(as defined below).  
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass by 
delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder  
of any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder", "holder of Notes" or, as the case may be, "holder of 
any Note" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears 
in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as 
the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons ("Couponholder" being 
construed accordingly), or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif), whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option 
of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status and Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, (subject to 
Condition 3(b)(Negative Pledge)) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, and 
rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference amongst themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all 
other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons relating to them remain outstanding (as defined below), 
the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security 
interest (sûreté réelle) upon the whole or any part of its present or future assets or revenues for the 
benefit of any holders of any Relevant Debt (as defined below) incurred by it to secure (1) payment 
of any sum due in respect of any such Relevant Debt or (2) any payment under any guarantee of 
or indemnity or other like obligation relating to any Relevant Debt, unless the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes are equally and rateably secured (A) by such mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or 
security interest or (B) have the benefit of such other security as shall be approved by a Collective 
Decision (as defined in Condition 10). 
"Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money which is in the 
form of, or represented by, bonds or notes (obligations) which are at the relevant time listed on 
any stock exchange. 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than: (a) those which have 
been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
redemption in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including 
all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable under 
Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations) after such date) have been duly paid to the Fiscal 
Agent and (c) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in Condition 5 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options);  
4. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in 
the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
in the relevant Final Terms is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, 
FBF Determination, Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2006 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(i), "ISDA 
Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(x) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the "Designated Maturity", if applicable, is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(i), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and 
"Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions. 
If the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" in the relevant Final Terms provides that 
the rate of interest will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) rates 
of interest based on the relevant Floating Rate, provided that the first rate of 
interest corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to the duration of the 
relevant Interest Period and the second rate corresponds to a maturity 
immediately superior to the same relevant Interest Period. 
(ii) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(ii), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
I. 
the "Designated Maturity", if applicable, is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
II. 
the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
or such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms ;  
III. the relevant "Fixing Day" is the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
IV. the "Effective Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;  
V. 
the "Termination Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
VI. the relevant "Calculation Period" is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
for which purpose references to "Effective Date" and "Period End Date" 
(in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the 
Issue Date and any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period 
(as defined in these Conditions); and

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
VII. if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, five (5); 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the "Lookback" is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, "Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day" is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the "Observation Period Shift" is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, "Lockout Period Business Day" is as specified 
in the Final Terms and the "Lockout" is either (x) as specified in the 
Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, 
the number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(ii), except as otherwise defined in 
such sub-paragraph, "Calculation Agent", "Compounding with Lockout", 
"Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift", "Delayed Payment", "Designated Maturity", "Effective Date", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", "Lockout Period Business Day", 
"Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation Period Shift", "OIS Compounding", 
"Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Period End Date", "Set in Advance" and 
"Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. For such 
purpose, references to "Relevant Rate" under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate.  
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "FBF

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Calculation Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor 
means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. "FBF 
Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française (together the "FBF Master Agreement"), as 
amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series. Investors should consult the Issuer should they 
require a copy of the FBF Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination-IBOR" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes 
is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5), be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or, for the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(1), 
(2) and (3) such other party, having the necessary expertise and being 
independent of the Issuer, responsible for calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms). If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(2) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (1)(a) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or, if sub-paragraph (1)(b) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party, as provided above) shall request, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party, as provided above) with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above). 
(3) 
If paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party, as provided above) determines that fewer than two Reference 
Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may 
be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party, as provided above) with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as 
provided above) and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided above) it is quoting 
to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(4) 
Notwithstanding the Conditions 4(b)(iii)(C)(1) to 4(b)(iii)(C)(3), where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as 
being the EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(5), be the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant 
maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters Screen page "ICESWAP2" 
under the heading "EURIBOR Basis", as at 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time, 
in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party, having the necessary expertise 
and being independent of the Issuer, responsible for calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms). 
In the event that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Calculation Agent (or such other party, as provided 
above) shall determine on the relevant Interest Determination Date the 
applicable rate based on quotations of at least three Reference Banks 
for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in each case the 
relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing two T2 Business 
Days following the relevant Interest Determination Date). The highest 
and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) 
quotations so determined shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party, as provided above) for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of such provided quotations. 
If fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party, as provided above) in accordance with the above 
paragraph, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party, as provided above) in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
(5) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for 
any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply and prevail over the other fallbacks specified in Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(5)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iv). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(5) shall act in good faith as an independent adviser with 
appropriate expertise (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that:

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5); or 
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(5)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of any 
Adjustment Spread by the Independent Adviser (i) shall not 
affect the application, with respect to a particular Interest 
Period, of the Margin specified as applicable to such Interest 
Period in the Final Terms and (ii) shall only be made, in 
accordance with customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets, to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5) 
and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions 
of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen 
Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") 
and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5)(v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, promptly of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
determined under this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to 
this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Original 
Reference Rate specified in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) will 
continue to apply to such determination, provided that such 
fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to apply the Rate 
of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5), mutatis mutandis, 
on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C), will continue to apply). 
 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which:

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, 
or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, 
an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(5) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period (if there is such a 
customary market usage at such time) and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified cessation date, cease publishing 
the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) 
months prior to the cessation date mentioned in the public 
statement referred to in (b)(i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified discontinuation date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) 
months prior to the discontinuation date mentioned in the 
public statement referred to in (d)(i);

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six (6) months;  
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party, having the necessary expertise 
and being independent of the Issuer, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, 
if applicable);  
g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has 
been adopted; or 
h) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in the 
view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method 
of calculation has significantly changed.  
"EU Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as amended or supplemented. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(5)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) originally specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the 
Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark 
Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or 
replacement rates, the one which is the most appropriate, taking 
into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes.  
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination-IBOR is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable; which term shall include, for the purposes of this paragraph, the 
relevant Alternative Rate or the relevant Successor Rate, to the extent and as 
applicable), the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable), or the relevant Floating Rate 
(where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) 
one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, 
that if no rate is available for a period of time immediately inferior or, as the case 
may be, immediately superior than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination-
IBOR, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, (b) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity and (c) in relation to FBF 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Floating Rate. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that, on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date") (i) the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Issuer Change of 
Interest Basis"), it being specified that the Issuer Change of Interest Basis shall be deemed 
effective after notification by the Issuer to the Noteholders within the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in accordance with Condition 13, or (ii) will automatically change from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Switch Date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b)(i) 
below) or the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount, if applicable, of such Note. As from

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
5(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts, and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made (in the case 
of (x)) to all Rates of Interest, or (in the case of (y)) the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding 
(if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Instalment 
Amount or Minimum Instalment Amount or Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country/ies of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of any Note 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Specified 
Denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amounts and 
Instalment Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the 
Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make 
any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation 
or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
if required to be calculated, the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules applied to such exchange 
so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
the second Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the T2 system is operating (a "T2 Business Day"); 
and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, 
if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Actual-365 (FBF)" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period 
and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Interest Period). If 
the Interest Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated 
as follows: 
(A) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last calendar day 
of the Interest Period; and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
(B) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated 
as set out in the first paragraph of this definition 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period is divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of 
calendar days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 
months of 30 days, subject to the following exception: 
if the last calendar day of the Interest Period is the last calendar day of the month of 
February, the number of calendar days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
1 
 
360 
x [(yy2 – yy1) x 360 + (mm2 – mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) – Min (dd1, 
30)]  
(ix) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(x) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year. 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date.  
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on European Union, as 
amended. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; 
and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day 
falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") as may be supplemented or amended from 
time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as 
published by ISDA, as may be supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated 
version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Definitions, provided in each case that if the Calculation 
Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor definitional 
booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as supplemented 
from time to time for interest rate derivatives published from time to time, all as determined as 
of the date of the relevant determination. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or EUR CMS, the 
principal Euro-zone office of, respectively, four or five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be 
either EURIBOR or EUR CMS (or any successor or replacement rate), subject as provided in 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. Without prejudice and subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(5), if the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial 
institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation 
Agent to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid and notice of any such change of Calculation Agent 
shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 below.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, 
each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced 
by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with 
effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until 
the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its 
outstanding nominal amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") or, in the case of a Note 
falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount which shall be equal to the 
nominal value of such Note remaining outstanding at such time. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), 5(d), 5(e), 5(f) or 5(h) 
(all if applicable) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9, shall be the "Amortised Face Amount" (calculated as provided below) of 
such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to 
their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c), 5(d), 5(e), 5(f) or 5(h) (all if applicable) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when 
due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on 
which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 4(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described 
in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), 5(d), 5(e), 5(f) or

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
5(h) (all if applicable) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of a change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as 
specified in Condition 7 below, the Issuer may on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note 
is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note), subject 
to having given not more than seventy-five (75) nor less than ten (10) days' prior notice 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, 
redeem in whole, but not in part, the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as described in Condition 5(b) above) together with any interest accrued to the date set 
for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may 
be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding or deduction for 
French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
be prevented by French law or regulation from making payment to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking 
to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 7 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith 
give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than 
seven (7) days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, redeem 
in whole, but not in part, the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as described in Condition 5(b) above) together with any interest accrued to the date set 
for redemption on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes or Coupons without 
withholding or deduction for French taxes, or, if such date has passed, as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If "Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than ten (10) nor more than seventy-five 
(75) days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the outstanding Notes on any 
Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be 
the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)) together with interest 
accrued up to (but excluding) the date set for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer: If "Residual Maturity Call Option" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, from and including the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), to but excluding the 
Maturity Date, subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) days 
prior notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the 
Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date set for redemption), redeem in whole, but not in part, of the 
outstanding Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) 
together with interest accrued up to (but excluding) the date set for redemption. 
(f) 
Squeeze-out Call Option: If "Squeeze-out Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at any time, on giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
seventy-five (75) days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem in whole, but not in part, the Notes for the time

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
being outstanding, if, immediately prior to the date that such notice is given, Notes representing an 
aggregate amount equal or superior to 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of such 
Series (including, for the avoidance of doubt any Notes which have been consolidated and form a 
single Series therewith)) shall have been redeemed or purchased (and subsequently cancelled) by 
the Issuer other than by way of a redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 5(g)(Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer). Any such redemption shall be at 
the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) together with interest 
accrued up to (but excluding) the date set for redemption. All Notes in respect of which any such 
notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(g) 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If "Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and having given not 
less than ten (10) nor more than seventy-five (75) days' notice (which notice (i) shall specify the 
date set for redemption, (ii) specify the refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject 
(if any) and (iii) be otherwise irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders and 
to the Fiscal Agent, have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to 
the Relevant Redemption Date (the "Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date") at the Optional 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as described below) together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the date set for redemption.  
The "Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
and will be an amount in the relevant currency rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being 
rounded upwards) being the greater of:  
(x) the Final Redemption Amount of each Note so redeemed, and  
(y) (a) the sum (rounded to the nearest whole multiple of €0.01, with €0.005 being rounded 
upwards) of the then present values on the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date of (i) the 
outstanding nominal amount of each Note and (ii) the remaining scheduled payments of interest 
on such Note for the remaining term of such Note (determined on the basis of the interest rate 
applicable to such Note from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Date or, as the case may be, the Issue Date, to, but excluding, the Optional 
Make-Whole Redemption Date), each (i) and (ii) above discounted from the Relevant Redemption 
Date to the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis (in accordance with 
applicable market conditions and on a basis consistent with the calculation of interest as set out in 
Condition 4) at the Early Redemption Rate plus an Early Redemption Margin, minus (b) any 
interest accrued per Note to, but excluding, such Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
The Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be notified by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 promptly following the determination thereof. 
"Early Redemption Margin" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Rate" means the annual yield to maturity (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, 
with 0.0005% rounded upwards) of the Reference Benchmark Security (or, if the Reference 
Benchmark Security is no longer outstanding at such time, the relevant Similar Security which will 
be chosen by the Calculation Agent after prior consultation with the Issuer if practicable under the 
circumstances, at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13) displayed on the relevant 
Reference Screen Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth Business Day 
preceding the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with applicable market conventions. If the Reference Screen Rate is not available, the 
Early Redemption Rate shall be determined based on the Reference Dealers Price. 
"Reference Benchmark Security" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks (that may include the Dealers) selected by the 
Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Dealers Price" means, on any date, the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Benchmark Security 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (or, if the Reference Benchmark Security is no longer 
outstanding at such time, the relevant Similar Security) on the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)). 
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference 
Benchmark Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders following a Change of Control: If "Change of 
Control Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if at any time 
while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs (a) a Change of Control (as defined below) and 
(b) within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade (as defined below) occurs or has 
occurred as a result of such Change of Control or as a result of a Potential Change of Control (in 
each case a "Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of Control Put 
Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives 
notice of its decision to redeem the Notes under Condition 5) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of its Notes, on the Change of Control Redemption 
Date (as defined below). Each Note shall be redeemed or purchased at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) together with (or, where purchased, together with 
an amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or persons 
acting in concert come(s) to legally or beneficially own or acquire(s) directly or indirectly such 
number of shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights 
exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer.  
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of (1) 
the first public announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the Autorité des marchés financiers 
("AMF") or by the Issuer of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the Potential Change 
of Control and ending on the date which is ninety (90) days after the date of the first public 
announcement of the result.  
"Potential Change of Control " means any public announcement or public statement by the Issuer, 
any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto relating to any potential Change of Control of 
the Issuer.  
"Rating Agency" means S&P, Fitch or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
specified from time to time by the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates.  
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control or of 
a Potential Change of Control if within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously 
assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed 
from an investment grade rating (BBB-, or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
investment grade rating (BB+, or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) if the rating 
previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer was below an 
investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, 
from BB+ to BB; or their respective equivalents), provided that (i) a Rating Downgrade otherwise 
arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of 
a particular Change of Control or Potential Change of Control, as the case may be, if the Rating 
Agency does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result, in whole 
or in part, of the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control, as the case may be, and (ii) 
any Rating Downgrade must have been confirmed in a letter or other form of written 
communication sent to the Issuer and publicly disclosed. If the Notes are rated by more than one 
Rating Agency and such rating has been solicited by the Issuer, the rating to be taken into account 
to determine whether a Rating Downgrade has occurred shall be the lower rating assigned by any 
such Rating Agency.  
If the Notes cease at any time to have a rating assigned to them by at least one Rating Agency, the 
Issuer shall use its best endeavours to obtain a rating of the Notes from a Rating Agency as soon 
as practicable. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a "Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying the nature 
of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change 
of Control Put Option contained in this Condition.  
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of a Note under this Condition, a Noteholder must transfer (or cause to be transferred by 
its Account Holder) its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent 
(details of which are specified in the Put Option Notice) for the account of the Issuer within the 
period of forty-five (45) days after the Put Event Notice is given (the "Put Period"), together with 
a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent (a "Put Option Notice") and in which the 
Noteholder shall specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition.  
A Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable.  
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect 
of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and 
subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer 
as described above on the date which is the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put 
Period (the "Change of Control Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of any Note so 
transferred will be made on the Change of Control Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account 
specified by the Noteholder in the Put Option Notice and otherwise subject to the provisions of 
this Condition.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amount shall be payable by the Issuer to a Noteholder as 
a result of or in connection with such Noteholder’s exercise of, or otherwise in connection with the 
Change of Control Put Option set out in this Condition (whether as a result of any purchase or 
redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(i) 
Provision relating to partial redemption: If only some of the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed 
or subject to the exercise of an Issuer's option, on such date (i) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
the number of Materialised Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by the Fiscal Agent in such place 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements and, where applicable, the Issuer shall be entitled to send representatives to attend 
such drawing and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, such partial redemption shall be made 
by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the aggregate nominal amount of 
all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed).

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(j) 
Purchases: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured receipts for principal instalments ("Receipts") and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price, subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. All Notes so 
purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its sole option, be held or 
cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes will be cancelled, in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global 
Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating 
to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent that the 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext about such 
cancellation. 
6. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form, be made by 
transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for 
the benefit of the Noteholders and, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to 
an account denominated in the relevant currency with a bank designated by the Noteholders. All 
payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in 
respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption 
and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in 
the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
6(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)), as the case 
may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, 
in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes 
in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or 
agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent and the Registration Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where 
the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and 
in such other city so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market), (iv) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such 
other agents as may be required by any other Stock Exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 below. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that the Materialised Notes provide that the 
relevant Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, 
Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal 
so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due 
date for redemption of any such Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Definitive Materialised 
Note.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
(vi) 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 6(f) notwithstanding, if any Note should 
be issued with a maturity date and Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the presentation for 
payment of any such Notes without all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to be deducted in respect 
of such missing unmatured Coupons would be greater than the Redemption Amount 
otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any such Note, such 
missing unmatured Coupons shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect 
thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of such paragraph (i) in respect of 
such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to 
be deducted would not be greater than the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or the Optional Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, otherwise due for payment (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupons 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due). Where the application 
of the foregoing sentence requires some but not all of such missing unmatured Coupons 
relating to a Note to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which 
missing unmatured Coupons (or proportion thereof) are to become void, and shall select 
for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on 
earlier dates. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall 
be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a 
payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be 
carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency 
or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a T2 Business Day. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If pursuant to French laws, payments of principal, interest or other revenues 
in respect of any Note or Coupon become subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed 
by France, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts 
as may be necessary in order that the holder of each Note or Coupon, after such deduction or 
withholding, will receive the full amount then due and payable thereon in the absence of such 
deduction or withholding; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be liable to pay any such 
additional amounts in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
Other Connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or  
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the 
extent that the Noteholder or the Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before such thirtieth 
(30th) calendar day of such time period. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" and/or "other revenues" shall 
be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 
or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" and/or "other 
revenues" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition. 
FATCA Withholding: The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with those provisions, or pursuant to any agreement 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of the Noteholder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or otherwise obliged to 
pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any paying agent or any other 
party. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing:  
(i) 
default in any payment when due of interest on any of the Notes, if such default shall not have been 
remedied within five (5) Business Days thereafter; or  
(ii) 
default in the performance of, or compliance with, any other obligation of the Issuer under the Notes other 
than as referred to in Condition 9(i) above, if such default shall not have been remedied within thirty (30) 
days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such default given by the Representative (as 
defined in Condition 10); or  
(iii) the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debts or a judgment is issued for 
the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer of the whole of its business (cession 
totale de l'entreprise); or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, if it is subject to any other insolvency 
or bankruptcy proceedings; or if the Issuer makes any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for 
the benefit of, or enters into a composition with, all or a substantial number of its creditors with a view to

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
a restructuring or rescheduling of its indebtedness; or if the Issuer is wound up or dissolved except with 
the prior approval through a Collective Decision for the purposes of an amalgamation, reorganisation, 
consolidation or merger which is implemented; or 
(iv) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for or in respect of borrowed money becomes due 
and payable (exigible) prior to its stated maturity by reason of the occurrence of a default, event of default 
or other similar condition or event (however described) with equivalent effect (together, "default"), 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness equals or exceeds €150,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) unless such default is contested in good faith by the Issuer before a 
competent court or by other appropriate proceedings provided that the claim alleging the occurrence of 
such default is withdrawn, dismissed or stayed within ninety (90) days from the date on which the relevant 
indebtedness was first alleged to have become due and payable; or 
(v) 
all or any substantial part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer shall be attached or shall become 
subject at any time to any order of court or the enforcement of any security interests (sûretés réelles) and 
such attachment or order shall remain in effect and not be discharged for, or the steps taken to enforce any 
such security interests shall not be withdrawn or stayed within thirty (30) days,  
then the Representative (as defined below) may, by notice in writing to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given on 
behalf of the Noteholders before all continuing Events of Default shall have been remedied, cause the Notes to 
become immediately due and payable whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable without further 
formality at the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes together with any accrued interest thereon. 
10. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 10. 
(a) 
Representation of the Noteholders 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights 
that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment 
of the Representative, another Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation 
to the appointment or replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 10(j). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meetings"), or 
(ii) by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written 
Unanimous Decisions"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at 
least 662/3 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written 
consultation (the "Written Majority Decisions", and together with the Written Unanimous 
Decisions, the "Written Decisions").  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding 
the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 10(j).  
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to 
be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a simple majority of votes cast by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat. The votes cast shall not include votes attaching to Notes in respect of which 
the holders of Notes have not taken part in the vote or have abstained or have returned a blank or 
spoilt ballot paper. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 10(j) not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the 
French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has been 
appointed. 
(f) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions.  
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders. 
Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article 
L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision 
shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting 
of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 10(j). 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, will be published as 
provided under Condition 10(j) no less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date set for the 
passing of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions 
of form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will 
undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together 
at least 662/3 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval of a 
Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written 
Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a 
General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Majority Decisions may be contained 
in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on one behalf of 
one or more of the Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 10(j). 
(g) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
Changes in the corporate form of the Issuer, or a merger (fusion) or a demerger (scission) relating 
to an intra-group reorganisation within the current group perimeter ("Intra-Group 
Reorganisation"), will not require prior approval by a Collective Decision and consequently, the 
provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, in relation to proposed changes in the corporate form of the 
Issuer only, and 3°, in relation to the proposed Intra-Group Reorganisation of the Issuer, of the 
French Code de commerce, and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce, shall not 
apply to the Notes. 
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may 
be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(i) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse and the Representative by the provisions of

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole 
Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of 
any of the Notes of such Series. 
(j) 
Notices for the purpose of this Condition 10 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 shall be published on 
the website of the Issuer (http://group.accor.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or  
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared. 
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' 
approval, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce (subject to 
Condition 10(g)) will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10(j). Any 
Noteholder will then have the right to request redemption of its Notes at par plus interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date set for redemption within thirty (30) days of the date of notification, in 
which case the Issuer shall redeem Notes held by such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the 
Noteholder's request for redemption. 
If a merger (fusion) or a demerger (scission) which is not an Intra-Group Reorganisation is 
contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the proposal for approval by 
a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par plus interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date set for redemption to Noteholders pursuant to Article L.236-14 or L.236-23 of 
the French Code de commerce, respectively. Such redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders 
in accordance with this Condition 10(j). If the Masse does not approve the merger (fusion) or 
demerger (scission) proposal, any decision to proceed with the transaction pursuant to Article L. 
228-73 of the French Code de commerce will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition 10(j). 
In this Condition 10, the expression "outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased by 
the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
11. 
Replacement of Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time 
to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and 
the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the nominal amount thereof, 
the issue price and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
such further notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 13(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which 
case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe; provided that, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so 
require, notices shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located 
which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe and so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to 
such Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located 
which, in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published as 
otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Holders of 
Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication as required by Conditions 13 (a), (b) and (c) above.  
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 13 shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant to 
Condition 10. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The competent courts in Paris have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with 
a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream 
or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on 
or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged 
(if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Notes shall be 
available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the expiry of 
forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior 
to such day pursuant to Condition 12(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed 
to the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended,"EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 
of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the "SFA") — In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "SF (CMP) Regulations"), the 
Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as [capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products] (as defined in the "SF (CMP) Regulations") and [Specified Investment Products] (as defined

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 1 
 
 
 
 
 
1  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as "capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products" and "Specified Investment Products" pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in 
Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
Accor  
 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer: 969500QZC2Q0TK11NV07 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Series No.: [⚫] 
Tranche No.: [⚫] 
Issue Price: [⚫] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 February 2025 which received approval no. 25-045 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France on 21 February 2025 [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval no. [•] from the AMF on [•]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as may be amended from time to time, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented].  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) the Issuer (http://group.accor.com).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the existing [insert issue amount] Notes due [insert 
maturity date] issued by the Issuer on [insert issue 
date]/the Issue Date] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
(i) Series: 
[•] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•] (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/EUR CMS] +/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (further particulars specified below) (for 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)/Not Applicable] 
 
10. Put/Call Options: 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Call Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Squeeze-out Call Option] 
[Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. Date of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of the Notes: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(Condition 4(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
(ii) Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[•] in each year  
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[s]: 
[•] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Broken Amount[s]: 
[•] per Specified Denomination, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 4(i)): 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual-365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
[360/360]  
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]  
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Not Applicable] 
(vi) Determination Dates 
(Condition 4(i)): 
[[•] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
13. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(Condition 4(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period[s]: 
[•] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below] / 
[not subject to any adjustment]] 
(iii) First Interest Period Date: 
[•] 
(iv) Business Day Convention 
(Condition 4(b)): 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention]  
(v) Business Centre[s] (Condition 
6(i)): 
[•] (Note that this item relates to interest period end dates 
and not to the date and place of payments to which item 
21 relates) 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate[s] 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[ISDA Determination/FBF Determination/Screen Rate 
Determination-IBOR/Linear Interpolation] 
 
(vii) Interest Period Dates: 
[Not Applicable/Specify dates] 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate[s] of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount[s] (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
– Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
– Reset Date: 
[•] 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is selected – otherwise, delete) 
[ – Calculation Period: 
[•] 
– Fixing Day: 
[•] 
– Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [•] 
– Termination Date: 
As per Condition 4(b)(iii)(A) / [•] 
– Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days shall 
be five (5) days) / Not Applicable] 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the 
Floating Rate Option is an overnight rate) 
– OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
– Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] (If no number is specified, and there is 
no default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the 
default value will be five (5)) 
– Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
 
– Set in Advance:[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:[●] 
– Compounding with Lockout: 
 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout:  [●]] (If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5))

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
– 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions) / Not Applicable]] 
(x)    FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
         – Floating Rate: 
[●] 
         – Floating Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[●] 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination-
IBOR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ EUR CMS]   
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Brussels]/[Frankfurt]/[●] 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
[●]/[Reuters EURIBOR01]/[Reuters ICESWAP2] (In the 
case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is 
a page which shows a composite rate)       
(xii)   Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
– Applicable Maturity: 
[●] 
(xiii) Margin[s]: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[Zero /[•]] per cent. per annum]2 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 4(i)): 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual-365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
 
2  In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360] 
[360/360]  
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]  
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
14. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Provisions (Condition 
4(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)  Change of Interest Basis: 
[Issuer Change of Interest Basis/Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis] 
(ii)  Switch Date: 
[●] 
(iii)  Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods 
preceding the Switch Date 
(excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 4(a), as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 4(b), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in paragraph [12/13] of these Final 
Terms. 
(iv)  Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods 
following the Switch Date 
(included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 4(a), as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 4(b), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in paragraph [12/13] of these Final 
Terms. 
(v)  Notice Period: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] (only applicable where “Change of 
Interest Basis” is specified as “Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis”) 
14. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(Conditions 4(d) and 5(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)     Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii)     Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early Redemption: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
[Actual-365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360] 
[360/360]  
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]  
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. Call Option (Condition 5(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date[s]: 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount[s] of each Note: 
[[●]  per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 5(b) 
applies] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  per Specified Denomination 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Notice period: 
[As per Condition 5(d)] /[not less than [●] days nor more 
than [●] days] 
 
16. Residual Maturity Call Option 
(Condition 5(e)) 
 
        (i) Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[•]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
        (ii) Notice period: 
 
[As per Condition 5(e)] /[not less than [●] days nor more 
than [●] days 
 
17. Squeeze-out Call Option 
(Condition 5(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
Notice period: 
[As per Condition 5(f)] /[not less than [●] days nor more 
than [●] days] 
18. Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer 
(Condition 5(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Early Redemption Margin: 
[●] per cent. 
(ii) Reference Benchmark 
Security: 
[●] 
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[●]/[As per Condition 5(g)] 
(iv) Reference Screen Rate: 
[●] 
19. Change of Control Put Option 
(Condition 5(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. Form of Notes: 
 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form) [Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify 
whether bearer form (au porteur) / registered form (au 
nominatif administré) / fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur)) 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/If Applicable, give name and details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent may be appointed in 
relation to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [•] (the 
"Exchange Date"), being 40 calendar days after the Issue 
Date subject to postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
 
 
21. Financial Centre[s] (Condition 
6(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item refers to 
the date and place of payment and not interest period end 
dates to which item 13(v) relates) 
22. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to the Materialised Notes)

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature) (Condition 6(f)): 
[The Materialised Notes provide that the relevant Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of 
those Notes] 
[The Materialised Notes provide that upon the due date for 
redemption of any such Materialised Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them.] 
23. Details relating to Instalment Notes 
(Condition 5(a)):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(i) Instalment Amount[s]: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date[s]: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment           
Amount: 
[●] 
24. Representation of holders of Notes 
(Masse): 
Condition 10 applies. 
[Insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any:  
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]]  
[The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration of [●] 
per year/The Representative will not be entitled to a 
remuneration] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the 
wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, it shall 
exercise all rights and obligations assigned by law to the 
Representative and the general meeting of the Noteholders. 
A Representative will be appointed as soon as the Notes are 
held by several Noteholders.] 
25. 
Possibility to request identification 
information of the 
Noteholders as provided 
by Condition 1(a)(i): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the admission to trading on the [specify relevant 
regulated market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro [•] Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of Accor.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing and Admission to trading4F3: 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes issued to be listed and 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] [other] with effect 
from [[•]/the Issue Date].]   
 
[•] 
 
 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings5F: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Notes to be issued [are expected to be/have been] rated:  
[S&P: [•]] 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European 
Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation).] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is [not] established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation")[.][, but is endorsed by [insert credit rating 
agency] which is established in the European Union, 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation).]. 
 
[[The rating [insert credit rating agency] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
 
3 
Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)]  
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating; to 
be extracted from the relevant rating provider's website.]  
 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interests, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement:7F4) 
"Save as discussed in the section "General Information" of the Base Prospectus and for any fees payable to the 
Managers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the Notes has an interest 
material to the [issue/offer]."] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
4 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[[•] / The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer's general 
corporate purposes]  
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer are different from the "Use of Proceeds" 
wording in the Base Prospectus will need to include those 
reasons here.)  
 [(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
6 
 [Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/EUR CMS] [replicate other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance].] 
 
4 
When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute "significant new factors" 
and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
7 
[Notes Linked to a Benchmark only – BENCHMARK 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [•] which is provided by [name of 
administrator]. As at [date], [name of administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]/[Not 
Applicable] 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) ISIN: 
[•] [until the Exchange Date, [•] thereafter] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[•] [until the Exchange Date, [•] thereafter] 
(iii) Depositaries: 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream:  
(iv) Any clearing system[s] other than 
Euroclear France, Euroclear and 
Clearstream and the relevant 
identification number[s]: 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [ and 
address(es)]] 
(v) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vi) Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent[s]: 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent[s] (if any): 
(viii) The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [currency] [       ] per 
Euro 1.00, producing a sum of: 
[       ] 
 
[       ] 
 
[Not Applicable/Euro [       ]] (Only applicable for Notes not 
denominated in Euro) 
 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) Method of distribution: 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(iv) Stabilisation Manager[s] (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Category 2 restrictions apply to the Notes pursuant 
to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended. 
(vii) Applicable TEFRA Category: 
[TEFRA 
C 
applies 
to 
the 
Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA D applies to the Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes]

--- Page 80 ---
82 
(viii) Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]5 
 
 
5  Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. Include this line item where Notes are offered into Singapore. Indicate 
"Applicable" if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. Indicate "Not Applicable"” if Notes 
are also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of the Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 21 February 2025 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") between the Issuer and Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental 
Europe, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis and Société Générale (the 
"Permanent Dealers"), the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not Permanent Dealers (such 
dealers together with the Permanent Dealers, the "Dealers"). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes 
may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also 
provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or 
more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by such Dealer.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to procure 
subscription, failing which, subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being 
made to the Issuer.  
Selling restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes, delivered within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), and regulations thereunder.  
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor 
regulation issued under the Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply 
under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that such Materialised 
Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued 
under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 
163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D 
Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute "registration required 
obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
TEFRA will not apply to Dematerialised Notes. 
The Dealers have agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver 
the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
calendar days after the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche (the "distribution compliance 
period") within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
The Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:  
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and/or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II. 
Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom retail investors  
The Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of 
the following:  
(a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Additional United Kingdom Selling Restrictions 
The Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
The Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(i) 
it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, and it has only distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified 
investors this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes; and  
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
Singapore 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only" as "Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered 
as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA.  
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme, 
all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be "prescribed capital markets" products (as defined

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
in the "SF (CMP) Regulations”") and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a non-exempt offer of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealers have agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer 
shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 25-045 on 21 February 2025 from the AMF. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) 
months after the approval by the AMF, until 21 February 2026, provided that it is completed by one or more 
supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant 
new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including 
information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. 
After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.  
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such Regulated 
Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealers may agree. 
2 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme. 
3 
On 18 December 2024, the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) authorised, for a duration of one year, 
the issue of Notes up to an aggregate nominal amount of €1.1 billion. 
4 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the extent known by the Issuer, there are no potential conflicts of 
interest between the duties of the members of the management and the duties of the members of the Board of 
Directors (conseil d’administration) of the Issuer to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
5 
Save as disclosed in the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section of this Base Prospectus, there has been 
no significant change in the financial performance and/or financial position of the Group since 31 December 
2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
6 
Save as disclosed in the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section of this Base Prospectus, neither the 
Issuer nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the Issuer or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
7 
Save as disclosed in the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has 
not entered into contracts outside the ordinary course of its business, which could result in the Issuer or any of 
its consolidated subsidiaries being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to 
meet its obligation to holders of Notes in respect of the Notes being issued. 
8 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or Euroclear 
and Clearstream. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 10-12, place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear is 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or 
with the Registration Agent.  
If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
9 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 969500QZC2Q0TK11NV07.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
10 
Ernst & Young et Autres and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on 
the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the years ended, 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Ernst & Young et Autres are the current statutory auditors of the Issuer. 
They have reviewed and rendered an unqualified limited review report on the interim financial statements of 
the Issuer as at and for the period ended 30 June 2024. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Ernst & Young et Autres are all registered as Commissaires aux Comptes 
(members of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes) and regulated by the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes. 
11 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer (http://group.accor.com)  
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market so long such Notes are outstanding; and  
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any Supplements 
to this Base Prospectus); 
and the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the form of the Temporary Global 
Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised Notes and the Coupons, Receipts and Talons in relation 
thereto) will be available for inspection at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents 
during normal business hours, so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to, or are outstanding under, this Base 
Prospectus. 
12 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and the rate of interest applicable to the 
Notes. It is not an indication of future yield. The yield of the relevant Notes, if applicable, will be stated in the 
Final Terms of the Notes. 
13 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
(the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or any person acting for the Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the relevant 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. 
14 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to Reference Rates including 
EURIBOR or EUR CMS which are respectively provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") 
with respect to EURIBOR and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE") with respect to EUR CMS. 
Each of ICE and the EMMI have been authorised as regulated benchmark administrators pursuant to Article 34 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and appears on the public register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply until 31 
December 2025. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant benchmark, the 
relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register referred to above. 
 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the 
relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
15 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro" 
or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union, references to 
"£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom references to"¥", 
"Yen", "yen" and "Japanese Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to the "U.S." and the "United

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
States" are to the United States of America and references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America.  
16 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Where there is a lending relationship between the Issuer and one or 
several Dealers, it cannot be excluded that all or part of the proceeds of an issue of Notes be used to repay or 
reimburse all or part of such loans. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliate" also includes parent 
companies. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation 
Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. 
17 
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and the information in such 
websites does not form any part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer hereby certifies that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
 
 
 
ACCOR 
82 rue Henri Farman 
92130 Issy-Les-Moulineaux 
France 
Tel: +33.(0)1.45.38.86.00 
Duly represented by Clémence Berroëta, SVP Group Treasury and Financing 
signed in Issy-Les-Moulineaux 
dated 21 February 2025  
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, 
coherent and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. This approval does not 
imply any verification on the accuracy of such information by the AMF. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes 
described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 21 February 2025 and is valid until 21 February 2026 and shall during 
this period, in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base 
Prospectus has been given the following approval number: 25-045.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
ACCOR 
82 rue Henri Farman 
92130 Issy-Les-Moulineaux 
France 
  
Arranger  
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
BANCO SANTANDER, 
S.A. 
Avenida de Cantabria 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BOFA SECURITIES 
EUROPE SA 
51 rue de La Boétie 
75008 Paris  
France   
CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS EUROPE 
AG 
 Börsenplatz 9,  
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
 
COMMERZBANK 
AKTIENGESELLSCHA
FT 
Kaiserstraße 16 
(Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of 
Germany 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE 
CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
CRÉDIT INDUSTRIEL 
ET COMMERCIAL 
S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 09 
France  
DEUTSCHE BANK 
AKTIENGESELLSCHA
FT 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC CONTINENTAL 
EUROPE 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
MIZUHO SECURITIES 
EUROPE GMBH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
MUFG SECURITIES 
(EUROPE) N.V. 
World Trade Center, 
Tower Two, 5th Floor 
Strawinskylaan 1887 
1077 XX Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
NATIXIS 
7, Promenade Germaine 
Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and  
Calculation Agent 
BNP PARIBAS (acting though its securities services department) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
Statutory Auditors 
 
 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie 
Paris – La Défense 1 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63 rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
in respect of French law 
To the Dealers 
in respect of French law 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d’Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
White & Case LLP  
19 place Vendôme  
75001 Paris  
France