--- Page 1 ---
10261303971-v22 
- i - 
47-41059079 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
ACEA S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy)    
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purpose of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 
of 14 June 2017, as amended, (the "Prospectus Regulation") and relevant implementing measures in 
Luxembourg (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 16 July 2019, which 
implements the Prospectus Regulation (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law")). This Base Prospectus constitutes 
a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and has been prepared for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after 
the date hereof and will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com/). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval only relates to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("EU MiFID 
II") for a period of twelve months from the date of approval, provided that it is completed by any supplement, 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. The end of the validity of the Base Prospectus is 4 
August 2024. Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months 
after the date hereof to listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The CSSF assumes no responsibility with regard to the economic and 
financial soundness of any transaction under this Programme or the quality and solvency of the Issuer in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
Acea S.p.A. (the "Issuer", "Acea" or "ACEA", and together with its subsidiaries, the "Group") may issue Notes 
under the Programme to one or more of the Dealers named on pages 13 and 14 and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant 
Dealer" shall be, in the case of an issue of Notes to more than one Dealer, to the lead manager of such issue and, 
in the case of an issue of Notes to one Dealer, to such Dealer. Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may issue 
Notes denominated in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions. The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a

--- Page 2 ---
10261303971-v22 
- ii - 
47-41059079 
 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). The aggregate principal amount of all Notes 
from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned a rating of "Baa2" with a "negative outlook" 
by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody’s") and "BBB+" with a "negative outlook" by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited - Sede Secondaria Italiana ("Fitch"). Each of Moody’s and Fitch is established in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). Each of Moody’s and Fitch appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
website 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The rating Moody's has given to the Issuer 
is endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, which is established in the UK and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.   
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")), except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Interest and/or other amounts payable under floating rate notes will be 
calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (as defined below). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by 
the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). At the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is authorised 
as benchmark administrator, and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended) (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). 
Joint Arrangers 
 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
BNP PARIBAS 
UniCredit  
 
 
 
Dealers 
Banca Akros S.p.A. - Gruppo Banco BPM 
Barclays 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Monte dei Paschi

--- Page 3 ---
10261303971-v22 
- iii - 
47-41059079 
 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 4 August 2023

--- Page 4 ---
10261303971-v22 
- iv - 
47-41059079 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................... 1 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ............................................................................... 12 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................... 13 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 20 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................... 48 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ..................................................... 53 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................... 54 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................... 60 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................... 96 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM ............................................................................................................................ 115 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................ 117 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................ 118 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER ................................... 190 
REGULATORY .................................................................................................................... 196 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................... 262 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................. 273 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 279

--- Page 5 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 1 - 
47-41059079 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms and declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best 
of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import.  
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific 
to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to 
such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown 
Prospectuses" below.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and 
with any information incorporated by reference herein (see "Information Incorporated by 
Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus 
to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this 
Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all 
material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions 
or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material 
respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make 
such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper 
enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.  
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in 
relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information 
as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part 
of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base

--- Page 6 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 2 - 
47-41059079 
 
Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the issue, 
listing, offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, 
if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, there are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of 
the Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including, France and the 
Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom, Singapore and Japan. 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. See "Subscription and Sale" below.  
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY 
STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER 
U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING 
OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS.  
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN 
THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer.

--- Page 7 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 3 - 
47-41059079 
 
Notes issued as Green Bonds 
There can be no assurance that Notes issued as "Green Bonds" and the related use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor seeking securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes 
described as "Green Bonds" for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in 
part, Eligible Green Projects (such term as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section). In such 
circumstances, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, or referred 
to, under the paragraph "Use of Proceeds, Estimated Net Proceeds– Use of Proceeds" of the 
relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, 
together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of their own circumstances and 
applicable criteria. In particular, no assurance can be given by the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates (including parent companies) that the use of such net proceeds for any 
Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether under any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or under its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy") 
and any related technical screening criteria, the proposed European Green Bond Regulation, 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector 
(the "Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation") and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that 
such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” has been established in the EU with 
the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy and the final social taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy, which was published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 
February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act, introducing a first set of technical screening criteria to be used to define 
which activities contribute to the following environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act”). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 
January 2022. On 10 March 2022, the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy 
Complementary Climate Delegated Act, covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is 
expected to enter into force in the coming months. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European 
Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation. Any further delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to implement 
the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation may result in a regular review of the relating screening criteria, with changes to the 
scope of activities and other amendments to reflect technological progress. 
In addition, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance 
published its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond

--- Page 8 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 4 - 
47-41059079 
 
Standard”). In the context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance 
strategy, the European Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of 
an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical 
Expert Group, and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the 
European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed 
the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 
July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green 
Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the 
green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) 
full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance 
activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers 
with the ESMA and subjection to its supervision. 
In this respect, there can be no guarantee that the Eligible Green Projects financed and/or 
refinanced by the Issuer out of the proceeds of its “Green Bonds” will fully align at all times 
with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
and the technical screening criteria established by the implementing delegated acts, as and 
when introduced and applicable from time to time. Any such changes could have an adverse 
effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such Green Bonds. 
No assurance can be given that Eligible Green Projects will meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in 
relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the 
proposed European Green Bond Regulation, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, 
and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. Any Green 
Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the proposed European Green 
Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the 
Acea Green Financing Framework1.  It is not clear if the establishment of the European green 
bond ("EuGB") label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally 
sustainable" under the proposed European Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on 
investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the 
requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds 
issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not 
comply with those standards proposed under the European Green Bond Regulation. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of 
Notes issued as "Green Bonds" so specified for Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, 
the manner described, or referred to, under the "Use of Proceeds" section and the paragraph 
"Use of Proceeds, Estimated Net Proceeds – Use of Proceeds" of the relevant Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such a 
manner and/or in accordance with any intended timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that Eligible Green Projects will be completed as expected or achieve 
the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or 
 
1 For further information on the Acea Green Financing Framework, please refer to the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2021/green-bond/acea-green-financing-framework.pdf

--- Page 9 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 5 - 
47-41059079 
 
anticipated.  None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as 
"Green Bonds" or to report on the use of proceeds or Green Bonds as anticipated or a failure 
of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue 
of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' 
expectations requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels will 
constitute an event of default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as 
Green Bonds. 
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Green 
Projects to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green 
Bonds in full. 
"Green Bonds" are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Green Projects, do not benefit 
from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights 
derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Notes. The performance of the "Green 
Bonds" is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Projects or the 
performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no 
segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the "Green Bonds" and the Eligible Green 
Projects. Payment of principal and interest in respect of relevant Notes will be made from the 
Issuer's general funds. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on the 
"Green Bonds" nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the relevant 
Eligible Green Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental 
or similar targets. Holders of any "Green Bonds" shall have no preferential rights or priority 
against the assets of any Eligible Green Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance 
the performance of the Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")

--- Page 10 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 6 - 
47-41059079 
 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK MiFIR"). Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU 
MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the 
"EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors: Each potential investor in the 
Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 11 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 7 - 
47-41059079 
 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact 
the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase 
complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments: The investment activities 
of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of the Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE 
SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities 
and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a 
determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation 
to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 
309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
 
 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one 
time under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes

--- Page 12 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 8 - 
47-41059079 
 
denominated in another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to 
issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as 
defined under "Subscription and Sale"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are 
references to a Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "Euro" or "€" are 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on 
the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may 
be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of 
the figures which precede them. 
Websites 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites are included for information purposes only. The 
contents of any websites (except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus to the extent set out on any such website) referenced in this 
Base Prospectus do not constitute a part of or are incorporated into this Base Prospectus and 
have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described on the 
cover page of this Base Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and such rating 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and which 
is not certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency

--- Page 13 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 9 - 
47-41059079 
 
not established in the UK and not registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK and such rating is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK and which is not certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation.  
Third Party Information 
In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although 
the Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently 
verified the information provided by such sources. 
 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the 
Issuer has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Information Incorporated by Reference"). 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In addition to the historical financial information incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”), management has also presented 
several Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs") in this Base Prospectus. 
Management believes that these APMs provide additional useful information for management 
and investors to analyse the Acea Group’s financial position, financial performance and cash 
flows that, in addition to those metrics presented under IFRS, further facilitate the 
identification of significant operating trends and financial parameters of the Group. 
On 5 October 2015, ESMA (the European Securities and Markets Authority) published its 
guidelines (ESMA/2015/1415) on criteria for the presentation of alternative performance 
indicators (the "ESMA APM Guidelines") which replace, as of 3 July 2016, CESR/05-178b 
recommendations. This orientation was acknowledged in the Italian system in CONSOB 
Communication No. 0092543 dated 3 December 2015. 
In addition, on 4 March 2021 ESMA published the guidelines on the disclosure requirements 
deriving from the new Prospectus Regulation (Regulation EU 2017/1129 and Delegated 
Regulations EU 2019/980 and 2019/979), which update the previous CESR Recommendations 
(ESMA/2013/319, in the revised version of 20 March 2013). Starting from 5 May 2021, on the 
basis of CONSOB Call for Attention No. 5/21, the aforementioned ESMA Guidelines also 
replace the CESR Recommendation on debt. Therefore, under the new provisions, listed 
issuers will have to present, in the explanatory notes to their annual and semi-annual financial 
statements published from 5 May 2021 onwards, a new statement on debt to be drafted in 
accordance with the instructions in paragraphs 175 and following of the above ESMA 
Guidelines.

--- Page 14 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 10 - 
47-41059079 
 
In particular, the following APMs (as defined in the ESMA APM Guidelines) are used by the 
management of the Issuer to monitor the Acea Group’s financial and operating performance 
and are disclosed in this Base Prospectus in the sections "Risk Factors", "Description of the 
Issuer" and in the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, and the Q1 2023 Interim Report (all of which are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus): 
• for the Acea Group, EBITDA is an operating performance indicator and from 1 January 
2014 also includes the condensed result of equity investments in jointly controlled 
entities for which the consolidation method changed when the international accounting 
standards IFRS 10 and IFRS 11 came into force. EBITDA is determined by adding 
Operating profit/loss (EBIT) to “Amortisation, depreciation, provisions and 
impairment”, insofar as these are the main non-cash items; 
• Financial Debt is represented and determined in accordance with the aforementioned 
ESMA guidelines and in particular paragraph 127 of the recommendations of document 
No. 319 of 2013, implementing Regulation (EC) 809/2004. This indicator is 
determined as the sum of short-term borrowings (“Short-term loans”, “Current part of 
long-term loans” and “Current financial liabilities”) and long-term borrowings (“Long-
term loans”) and the related derivative instruments (“Non-current financial liabilities”), 
net of “Cash and cash equivalents” and “Current financial assets”; 
• The Net Financial Position is an indicator of the Acea Group’s financial structure 
determined in continuation with previous years and used, as from this document, 
exclusively for information presented in the business areas in order to provide clear 
segment information that can be easily reconciled with the Financial Debt (ESMA) 
referred to above. This indicator is defined as the sum of (i) Non-current borrowings 
and Financial liabilities net of Noncurrent financial assets (financial receivables and 
securities other than equity investments), and (ii) Current financial payables and Other 
current financial liabilities net of Current financial assets and cash and cash equivalents;  
• Net Invested Capital is the sum of "Current assets", "Non-current assets" and "Assets 
and Liabilities held for sale", less "Current liabilities" and "Non-current liabilities", 
excluding items taken into account when calculating the Net Financial Position;  
• Net Working Capital is the sum of the current receivables, inventories, the net balance 
of other current assets and liabilities and current debts, excluding the items considered 
in calculating the Net Financial Position. 
It should be noted that: 
i. 
the APMs are based exclusively on historical Acea data and are not indicative of future 
performance; 
ii. 
the APMs are not prepared in accordance with IFRS and are not subject to audit; they 
are derived from the historical financial information of Acea for the relevant periods 
presented; 
iii. 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measures of 
financial position, financial performance or liquidity under IFRS, and they should not 
be considered as substitutes to performance measures prepared in accordance with 
IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles; and

--- Page 15 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 11 - 
47-41059079 
 
iv. 
the APMs should be read together with the financial statements of Acea for the relevant 
periods to which the APMs relate. 
Since not all companies calculate APMs in an identical manner, the APMs used by Acea may 
not be consistent or comparable with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, 
undue reliance should not be placed on these measures. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 16 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 12 - 
47-41059079 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements.  The words "anticipate", 
"believe", "expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", 
"may", "could", "continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking 
statements.  All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base 
Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business 
strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-
looking statements.  These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied 
by these forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the 
environment in which the Issuer expects to operate in the future. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially include, but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors".  Any forward-
looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. 
The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in 
their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on 
which any such statement is based.

--- Page 17 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 13 - 
47-41059079 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may 
agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if 
appropriate, or a drawdown prospectus or a new base prospectus will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25 of Commission Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended.  
Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Issuer: 
Acea S.p.A. 
Issuer’s Legal Entity 
Identifier: 
549300Q3448N041CTH56 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" below. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk 
Factors" and include certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Joint Arrangers: 
BNP PARIBAS  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers: 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs International 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca – Banca Di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 18 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 14 - 
47-41059079 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Natixis 
Société Générale  
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements as from 
time to time in force (see "Subscription and Sale"), including 
the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either 
(a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and 
be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by 
the Issuer. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying 
Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions, 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 15 - 
47-41059079 
 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form, as described in 
"Forms of the Notes" below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on such basis as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating  
(i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; or  
(ii) the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto),  
as specified in the relevant final terms, each as 
published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on such basis as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 16 - 
47-41059079 
 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined below) occurs in relation to 
the reference rate of the Floating Rate Notes, pursuant to 
Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark 
Replacement), the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Reference Rate or, 
failing that, an Alternative Reference Rate. If the Independent 
Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate 
prior to the relevant cut-off date, the Issuer, taking into account 
any relevant and applicable market precedents and published 
guidance, may determine an Alternative Reference Rate, all as 
described in Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – 
Benchmark Replacement).  
Fixed to Floating or  
Floating to Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
Interest may initially accrue at a fixed rate, and then switch to 
a floating rate, or interest may initially accrue at a floating rate 
and then switch to a fixed rate. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their principal amount and will not bear interest, in each case 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons, upon a Change of 
Control or following an event of default pursuant to Condition 
12 (Events of Default)) or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders and/or at the option of the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Issuer, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. The applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether 
the Issuer has a Clean-up Call Option. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Certain Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (see "Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above) and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). If the Final Terms so specify, Notes may be issued

--- Page 21 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 17 - 
47-41059079 
 
in denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
the Relevant Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 11 
(Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 11 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 5 (Negative 
Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision 
as further described in Condition 12(c) (Events of Default – 
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, general and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are 
both mandatory and of general application. 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the 
same as the ratings assigned to other Notes issued under the 
Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.  
 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described on the 
cover page of this Base Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is (1)

--- Page 22 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 18 - 
47-41059079 
 
issued by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and 
not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and such 
rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
and which is not certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK and not 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK and such rating 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
and which is not certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Approval, Admission to 
Trading and Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF. 
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Such 
approval only relates to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or other regulated markets for the purposes of EU 
MiFID II. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms will 
state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
 
Pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
may at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent 
authority of another European Economic Area Member State 
and the ESMA (i) a copy of this Prospectus; and (ii) a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (an 
"Attestation Certificate"). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes will be governed by and shall 
be construed in accordance with English law. Condition 16 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Noteholders’ Representative; 
Modification and Waiver) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the 
appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative in respect of the

--- Page 23 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 19 - 
47-41059079 
 
Notes are subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic 
of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area 
(including France and the Republic of Italy), the United 
Kingdom, Singapore, Japan and such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation 
S, 
Category 
1/2. 
TEFRA 
C 
or 
D 
applicable/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 24 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 20 - 
47-41059079 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these risk factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur. In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the risk factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued under the Programme may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein) 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision, based upon their own 
judgment and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed 
necessary. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read 
the entire Base Prospectus. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES  
Risks relating to the Group’s financial situation 
Risks related to Italian and global macroeconomics factors 
The performance of the Group is influenced by (i) Italian and international macroeconomic 
conditions, (ii) the condition of the financial markets in general, and (iii) the trends and the 
economic stability of the geographical areas in which the Group conducts its activities.  
Global and Italian macro-economic conditions have been, and may continue to be, affected by 
novel strains of COVID-19. Notwithstanding the vaccination efforts by national governments, 
in the past three-years, the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the economic activity at global 
and regional levels. 
A number of uncertainties remain in the current macroeconomic environment, namely: (a) the 
impact of potential containment measures aimed at coping with new variants of COVID-19 on 
global growth and on individual countries; (b) the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine 
on the European and global economy (see “Risks associated with the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine” below); (c) whether growth trends and the prospects of recovery and consolidation 
of economies of countries like the US and China will be confirmed; (d) the ongoing 
commercial dispute between the US and China, which could have an effect on international 
trade and therefore on global production; (e) the effectiveness of the monetary policies of the 
European Central Bank and the Federal Reserve System in the Euro area and the US 
respectively, and their future developments and adverse future developments (in the Dollar 
area); (f) policies implemented by other countries aimed at promoting their currencies' 
competitive devaluations; (g) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and

--- Page 25 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 21 - 
47-41059079 
 
related recurring tensions on the financial markets; (h) risks related to an increase in inflation; 
and (i) current volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets. 
In addition, the global economy, the condition of the financial markets, any adverse 
macroeconomic developments in the Group’s primary markets and any future sovereign debt 
crisis in Europe may all significantly influence the Group’s performance.  
The global credit and financial markets have in recent times experienced volatility and 
disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability. Events involving 
limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial 
institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry 
or the financial services sector generally, as well as concerns or rumours about any events of 
these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide 
liquidity problems. 
The Group’s earning capacity and stability can be affected by the overall economic situation 
and by the dynamics of the financial markets. 
The recent collapse of First Republic Bank, Silicon Valley Bank and two other financial 
institutions in the US in March 2023, followed closely in Europe by the rescue plan for Credit 
Suisse, has raised serious concerns over the risk of another banking crisis. If other banks and 
financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to 
financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets and the Group’s ability 
to access existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have a 
material adverse effect on its business and financial condition. In addition, investor concerns 
regarding the international financial systems could result in less favourable commercial 
financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating 
covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it 
more difficult for the Group to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. 
All of these factors, in particular in times of economic and financial crisis, could result in (a) 
an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s borrowing costs; (b) a reduction of, or reduced 
growth in, the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s ordinary business, (c) the decline in the Issuer’s 
and/or the Group’s asset values, which (in combination or individually) could have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s business, financial position and cash flows, and the results of its 
operations, with a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the 
Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risks associated with the Russian invasion of Ukraine 
The ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, which was launched on 24 February 2022, caused 
the enactment of sanctions by the United States, the European Union and several other 
countries against Russia, Belarus and certain Russian interests. Such events have already had 
a significant impact on the European and global economy, including greater market volatility 
and significant increases in the prices of energy, natural gas and commodities. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to predict the length and the broader consequences 
of the invasion, which could include further sanctions, export controls and embargoes, greater 
regional instability, geopolitical shifts and other adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, 
currency exchange rates, supply chains (including the supply of natural gas and fuel from 
Russia) and financial markets, all of which could, either directly or indirectly, have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s operations and performance. See also “ – The changes to the overall

--- Page 26 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 22 - 
47-41059079 
 
economic situation caused by the economic crisis could have a significant adverse impact on 
the Group’s businesses and its profitability”. 
The changes to the overall economic situation caused by the economic crisis could have a 
significant adverse impact on the Group’s businesses and its profitability  
The economy in Italy, the Group’s principal market, has been affected in recent years by a 
significant slowdown and also by significant increases in energy prices, resulting in an 
increased focus on energy saving, as well as an increased focus in terms of legislative and 
regulatory policies. In response to the adverse economic and market consequences, the Italian 
government took (and announced it will implement) further measures to support the economy 
(such as loan guarantee schemes, tax payment deferrals, expanded unemployment coverage) 
and improve liquidity in the financial markets (such as funding facilities and increased asset 
purchases). No assurance can be given that such measures will suffice to offset the negative 
effects of the economic and market crises on the Italian economy. The economic environment 
may well deteriorate further before it begins to improve. 
Moreover, significant, unexpected and/or structural changes in the price of energy raw 
materials, such as those that have occurred and may continue to occur as a result of the recent 
Russo-Ukrainian conflict, or other geo-political tensions that may occur or worsen in the 
future, could reduce the Group’s revenues and limit future growth prospects. This could 
adversely affect the Group’s business, results of its operations and financial condition, with a 
consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to 
pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
In addition, changes in retail electricity consumption could require the Group to acquire or sell 
additional electricity on unfavourable terms. Consumption may vary substantially according 
to factors outside of the Group’s control, such as overall economic activity and the weather. 
Sales volumes may differ from the supply volumes that the Group had expected to utilise from 
electricity purchase contracts. Differences between actual sales volumes and supply volumes 
may require the Group to purchase additional electricity or sell excess electricity, both of which 
are themselves subject to market conditions, which may change according to multiple factors, 
including weather, plant availability, transmission congestion and input fuel costs. The 
purchase of additional electricity at high prices or sale of excess electricity at low prices could 
adversely affect the Group's business, the results of its operations and its financial condition, 
with a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s 
ability to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risks related to national and international political instability 
The dynamics described in the previous paragraphs and the consequent effects on the Issuer’s 
activities are influenced by the international and Italian socioeconomic contexts and their 
respective impacts on the financial markets. 
Italy is the Issuer’s primary market and the Issuer's business is therefore sensitive to adverse 
macroeconomic and political conditions in Italy. 
In the past years, some political developments in Italy have caused volatility in the value of 
Italian government securities and a corresponding volatility in the risk premium to be paid by 
the Italian government on its debt compared to that on other benchmark securities. As a result, 
the economic implications of the policies of the Italian government remain uncertain.

--- Page 27 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 23 - 
47-41059079 
 
Political instability, if material, or, on the other side, a phase of political discontinuity 
generated by the latest elections in Italy, could negatively affect the country’s economic 
recovery and could affect the ability of the Group to generate revenues. It cannot be ruled out 
that this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, the results of its 
operations and its financial condition. 
Risks related to the structure of the Group 
The Issuer’s business is conducted through direct and indirect subsidiaries. All corporate and 
staff services are fully centralised at parent company level whereas sector-specific technical 
and commercial expertise is mainly held at the operating subsidiary level. Therefore, the Issuer 
has service contracts which are periodically updated and priced under the cost-plus method 
with all its subsidiaries that formally set forth the intercompany relationships and also 
implement a cash-pooling system which enables the Group to optimise the use of surplus funds 
of all subsidiaries in the Group in order to reduce external debt and increase liquidity. 
Any reduction or delay in such payments could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
cash flow and financial position and the results of its operations, with a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the 
Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Issuer’s subsidiaries have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due 
under the Notes or to make funds available to the Issuer to enable it to pay any amounts due 
under the Notes.  
The Issuer’s subsidiaries have other liabilities, including contingent liabilities. As a general 
rule of Italian law, certain creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors 
and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the relevant subsidiary and 
preferred shareholders, if any, of the subsidiary, would be entitled to seize the assets of that 
subsidiary before any of those assets can be distributed to shareholders upon liquidation or 
winding up. As a result, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes issued by it will be structurally 
subordinated to the prior payment of all debts and other liabilities of the Issuer’s direct and 
indirect subsidiaries. Therefore, the Issuer may be unable to make required principal and 
interest payments on the Notes and the Issuer may not have sufficient funds available to make 
payments to the holders of the Notes. 
The Group is subject to interest rate risk arising on its financial indebtedness 
The Group is subject to interest rate risk arising on its financial indebtedness, which varies 
depending on whether such indebtedness is fixed or floating rate. The Group manages its 
interest rate risk through the periodic analysis and control of positions based on its specific 
needs, in order to stabilise funding costs and cash flows and meet margin targets. Such interest 
rate risk management involves daily activity in the markets in order to hedge the relevant 
exposure in the medium/long term and is not for trading purposes. There can be no guarantee 
that the hedging policy adopted by the Group, which is designed to minimise any losses 
connected to fluctuations in interest rates in the case of floating rate indebtedness by 
transforming them into fixed rate indebtedness, will actually have the effect of reducing any 
such losses. To the extent it does not, this could adversely affect the Group’s business, the 
results of its operations and its financial condition, with a consequential adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or repay 
the Notes in full at their maturity.

--- Page 28 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 24 - 
47-41059079 
 
A downgrade of the Issuer’s credit ratings may impact its funding ability 
As of the date hereof, the Issuer’s long-term credit rating is Baa2 with a "negative outlook" 
from Moody’s and BBB+ with a "negative outlook" from Fitch. 
Moody’s and Fitch are established in the European Union and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, Fitch and Moody’s are included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website available (www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
The Issuer’s future ability to access the capital markets, other financing instruments and related 
costs may depend, inter alia, on the rating assigned to the Issuer. 
Accordingly, a downgrade of any of the ratings of the Issuer and/or a downgrade of the 
sovereign credit rating of Italy may result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Group 
in the capital markets, which in turn may have an adverse impact on the Group’s competitive 
position and may have an adverse effect on the Group’s standing in the market. This could 
adversely affect the Group’s business, the results of its operations and its financial condition, 
which in turn could have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the 
Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risks relating to the Group’s business activities and industry 
The Group is dependent on concessions from local authorities for its regulated activities  
For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s regulated activities (integrated 
water services, distribution of electricity and public lighting) accounted for approximately 78 
per cent. of the Group’s EBITDA.  
The regulated activities (integrated water services, distribution of electricity and public 
lighting) are dependent on concessions from national and local authorities that vary in duration 
across the Group’s business areas. 
No assurances can be given that the Group will be able to enter into new contracts for carrying 
out the businesses described above after the expiration of the current contracts, or that any new 
contracts entered into or renewals of existing contracts will provide for similar terms to those 
currently in force. The Group’s failure to enter into new contracts or renew existing contracts, 
in each case on similar or otherwise favourable terms, could result in a decrease in revenues 
and, as a consequence, could have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or 
on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Furthermore, each concession is governed by agreements with the relevant grantor requiring 
the relevant concession holder to fulfil certain obligations (including performing regular 
maintenance). Each concession holder is subject to penalties or sanctions for the non-
performance or default under the relevant concession. 
Failure by a concession holder to fulfil its material obligations under a concession, if such 
failure is left unremedied, could lead to early termination of the concession by the grantor. 
Furthermore, in accordance with general principles of Italian law, a concession can be 
terminated early for reasons of public interest. In either case, the relevant concession holder 
might be required to transfer all of the assets relating to the operation of the concession to the 
grantor or to the incoming concession holder. In the case of early termination of a concession,

--- Page 29 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 25 - 
47-41059079 
 
the concession holder might be entitled to receive a compensation amount determined in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant concession-agreement. However, there can be no 
assurance that any amount due, if any, to the relevant member of the Group will be actually 
paid and/or timely paid and/or will be adequate compensation for the loss of the relevant 
concession and disposal of the related assets. Furthermore, disputes often arise between the 
parties regarding the quantification of the indemnity due to the former concession holder, 
which can have an impact on the Group's business plan and activity. 
The Issuer may incur costs in re-tendering for large hydroelectric concessions 
In order to obtain new business, the Group may participate in competitive tender processes, 
which entail competition on price levels, and margins that could be lower than past practice or 
what the Group would consider generally acceptable. 
The Group currently holds eight hydroelectric concessions, for a total installed capacity of 
approximately 121.7 MW, maturing between 2013 and 2029. Should the Group be required to 
re-tender for large hydroelectric concessions, this could result in the Group losing the 
hydroelectric concessions or incurring significant costs in the tender process, either of which 
could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition, with a consequential adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or the 
Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at maturity. 
The Group is exposed to revisions of tariffs in water and energy sectors 
The ACEA Group mainly operates in regulated markets. Changes to rules in these markets, as 
well as regulations and obligations, can have a significant effect on the Group’s results and 
operating performance. Therefore, the Group is exposed to a risk of variation in the relevant 
tariffs applied to end users. 
The tariffs are determined and adjusted by the relevant authorities and may be subject to 
variations as a consequence of periodic revisions resulting from investigations by the relevant 
authority concerning, inter alia, efficiency improvements and the actual implementation of 
planned investments by the companies managing the related service. 
Uncertainties as to how determine tariffs and/or decreases in tariffs payable by the end users 
to ACEA and/or the members of the Group could adversely affect the Group's business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of increases and variations in the cost of fuel, electrical 
energy, natural gas or other raw materials, or disruption in their supply; it is also exposed 
to the risk of decreases in the prices obtained for its electricity and to risks connected with 
its hedging strategies 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group is exposed to the risk of increases and variations 
in the cost of fuel, electrical energy, natural gas or other raw materials, or disruption in their 
supply, which could significantly affect the Group’s result. It is also exposed to the risk of 
decreases in the price obtained for its electricity.  
Although the prices of energy commodities have sharply decreased from peak levels reached 
in summer of 2022 (following the start of the Russia Ukraine war in February 2022), volatility 
risks are still present and potential prices increase cannot be ruled out.

--- Page 30 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 26 - 
47-41059079 
 
The Group carries out Risk Management activity by daily monitoring of key risk metrics aimed 
at reducing potential margin downside. Nevertheless, the Group has not eliminated its exposure 
to these risks, and significant variations in fuel, raw material or electricity prices or any 
interruption in supplies could have a material adverse impact on the business prospects, results 
of operations and financial condition of the Issuer and the Group, with a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the 
Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The hedging strategies pursued by the Group may create new risks and exposures and the Issuer 
cannot offer any assurance that they will function as intended. In addition, hedging contracts 
for the price of electricity and/or fuel are available in the market only for limited durations. 
Any hedging effect will not protect the Issuer and/or the Group against prolonged price 
movements. 
Risks relating to the outsourcing of works, services and supplies 
The Group is required to outsource a significant part of the works, services and supplies to 
third parties. 
As a result, the Group regularly employs third party contractors to carry out vital activities 
relating to its operations. This exposes the Group to several risks, such as (i) failure by 
contractors to perform satisfactorily their obligations to the Group, (ii) the commencement of 
bankruptcy proceedings with respect to contractors and reopening of public tender procedures; 
and (iii) claims from subcontractors and potential subsequent litigation. 
The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business 
and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a consequent adverse impact 
on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or 
to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group may incur significant environmental expenses and liabilities  
The Group’s compliance with environmental statutes, rules and regulations (including, among 
others, those concerning CO2 emissions, along with emissions of other substances caused by 
combustion, sewerage and dangerous and solid waste management) involves the incurrence of 
significant costs relating to environmental monitoring, installation of pollution control 
equipment, emission fees, maintenance and upgrading of facilities, remediation and permitting. 
The costs of compliance with existing environmental legal requirements or those not yet 
adopted may increase in the future. 
In addition, risks of environmental and health and safety accidents and liabilities are inherent 
in many of the Group’s operations. Notwithstanding the Issuer’s belief that the operational 
policies and standards adopted and implemented throughout the Group to ensure the safety of 
its operations are of a high standard, it is always possible that incidents such as blow-outs, 
spill-over, contamination and similar events could occur that would result in damage to the 
environment, workers and/or local communities. 
The Group has accrued risk provisions to cover existing environmental expenses and liabilities. 
Nevertheless, it cannot be ruled out that in the future the Group may incur significant 
environmental expenses and liabilities in addition to the amounts already accrued owing to: (i) 
unknown contamination; (ii) the results of ongoing surveys or surveys that will be carried out

--- Page 31 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 27 - 
47-41059079 
 
in future on the environmental status of certain of the Group’s industrial sites as required by 
the applicable regulations on contaminated sites; and (iii) the possibility that disputes might be 
brought against the Group in relation to such matters. 
Any such increase in the abovementioned costs could have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
business and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the 
Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
In order to mitigate the severity of the impact of any environmental damage, the Group has 
also taken out environmental liability insurance cover. 
Natural disasters, service interruptions, systems failures, water shortages or contamination 
of water supplies as well as other disruptive events could adversely affect profitability  
The Group controls and operates utility networks and maintains the associated assets with the 
objective of providing a continuous service. Moreover, the Group also owns and manages 
power stations, waste management assets and distribution networks and plants, which may be 
significantly damaged by several external factors beyond the Group’s control and, in turn, this 
may compromise the Group’s production capacity. In exceptional circumstances, electricity, 
gas or water shortages, or the failure of an asset, an element of a network or supporting plant 
and equipment, could result in the interruption of service provision or catastrophic damage 
resulting in significant loss of life and/or environmental damage and/or economic and social 
disruption. Water shortages may be caused by increases in demand and/or by climate change 
(average decrease in rainfall, average increase in temperature or other physical changes), which 
may exacerbate seasonal fluctuations in supply availability. In the event of a water shortage, 
the Group may incur in additional or increased costs in order to provide emergency 
reinforcement to supplies. 
Water supplies may be subject to the risk of low-quality spring water, interruption or 
contamination, including contamination from the presence of naturally occurring compounds 
and pollution from man-made sources or third parties’ actions. The Group could be held liable 
for human exposure to hazardous substances in its water supplies or other environmental 
damage. The Group could be fined for breaches of statutory obligations, including the 
obligation to supply drinking water that is wholesome at the point of supply, or held liable to 
third parties, or be required to provide an alternative water supply of equivalent quality, which 
could increase costs. 
Moreover, significant damage or other obstruction to the waterworks facilities, including 
multipurpose dams and water supply systems, managed by the Issuer’s subsidiaries could result 
from (i) natural disasters, floods and prolonged droughts; (ii) human error in operating the 
waterworks facilities, including multi-purpose dams and water supply systems; and (iii) 
industrial strikes. 
The Group’s distribution networks are also exposed to risks relating to: (i) the effectiveness of 
investments carried out for the replacement/renewal of grids, in terms of the expected effects 
on the improvement of service continuity indicators; (ii) the quality, reliability and duration of 
works; and (iii) the Group’s ability to meet the conditions for obtaining required authorisations, 
with regards to the construction and start-up of plants and the performance of work, according 
to the need to develop and enhance the plants. The Group’s waste-to-energy plants, the waste 
treatment plants, and all other assets of the Group are highly complex from a technical point

--- Page 32 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 28 - 
47-41059079 
 
of view, and require the Group companies to employ qualified personnel and adopt 
organisational structures with a high level of know-how, and therefore may give rise to risks 
related to the performance continuity of the plants. Furthermore, the plants and related 
activities are designed to handle certain types of materials. If the incoming material is 
inadequate and does not meet the necessary specifications, this could lead to operational 
problems which may compromise the operational continuity of the plants and give rise to risks 
of a legal nature. 
The Group's insurance policies cover most of the abovementioned events and provide for 
participation quotas by the subsidiaries (allowances). However, no assurance can be given that 
its insurance will be adequate to cover any direct or indirect losses or liabilities it may suffer. 
An additional risk arises from adverse publicity that these events may generate and the 
consequent damage to the Issuer’s and the Group’s reputation. 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no guarantee that maintenance and spare 
part costs will not rise, that insurance products will continue to be available on reasonable 
terms or that any one event or series of events affecting any one or more plants or networks 
will not have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability 
to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group faces risks relating to climate change 
Electricity and natural gas consumption levels change significantly as a result of climate 
change. Changes in the weather can produce significant differences in the clients’ demand for 
electricity and gas. Furthermore, adverse weather conditions and extreme weather events can 
affect the regular delivery of energy due to network damage and any resulting service 
disruption. For instance, low rainfall and high temperatures may lead to depletion of water 
sources which, combined with higher water consumption, may cause a water deficit in some 
periods. In addition, prolonged drought periods can affect the regular production of water 
resources and may result in an increase in energy consumption and in impacts on the 
availability of water capacity for hydroelectric plants. In addition to the above, climate change 
is also affecting the political and regulatory aspects of the ongoing economic system, which is 
facing a transition period aimed at the implementation of a decarbonised economic system, 
and a commitment to tackle such climate changes. The occurrence of this transition may lead 
to significant impacts on increasing carbon tax policies, changes in incentive programmes, 
tightening of the values associated with the so-called “emission trading scheme” (both in terms 
of allowances – whether paid or not – and of actual emission allowance costs), increasing 
financial risks (i.e. fines and incremental compliance costs) for failure to meet performance 
standards for the Issuer’s regulated businesses. Furthermore, this transition may also generate 
reputational and climate change-related risks, in those cases where there has been no control 
of these issues. 
Some of the risks that the Group must deal with include possible impacts deriving from 
unpredictable natural phenomena (e.g. drought, floods and lighting strikes) and/or from 
cyclical or permanent climatic changes on the networks and plants managed by Acea Group 
companies. Due to the nature and location of its business lines, the main issues above 
mentioned related to climate change could arise in operational, regulatory and legal contexts, 
with potential financial implications. As far as the first aspect is concerned, chronic 
meteorological events like the reduction of rainfall can have negative impacts on both 
hydroelectric energy production and the availability of drinking water to be distributed, which

--- Page 33 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 29 - 
47-41059079 
 
among other things can lead to an increase in energy consumption for the withdrawal of water 
from less favoured sources. On the other hand, extreme phenomena such as storms can lead to 
the risk of lightning strikes, which could damage assets and undermine the continuity of the 
service, blackouts or, for the water network, the overflow of drains connected to the wastewater 
system and turbidity of the water sources. Moreover, from a regulatory point of view, these 
climatic effects can have an impact on the consequent provision of the service in accordance 
with the regulations in force, with consequent financial penalties. The implications of 
regulatory actions on CO2 emission allowances, renewable sources, taxes and energy 
efficiency certificates could be very significant, with possible financial impacts. Acea Group 
implements structural interventions and, when needed, more specific actions to mitigate the 
abovementioned risks, in order to foster the resiliency of its assets. 
Significant changes of such nature could adversely affect the business prospects, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Issuer and/or the Group, with a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the 
Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group has exposure to credit risk arising from its commercial activity 
Credit risk represents the Group’s exposure to potential losses that could be incurred if 
commercial counterparts fail to meet their debt obligations. 
In order to control such risk, a central Group credit policy defines guidelines to be applied by 
the subsidiaries concerning the assessment of customers’ and other financial counterparties’ 
credit standing, the monitoring of expected collection flows, the issue of suitable reminders, 
the granting of extended credit terms if necessary, the taking of prime bank or insurance 
guarantees and the implementation of suitable recovery measures. The credit risk assessment 
is tailored on the type of client (i.e., public or private) and on the performance score, which is 
calculated on the basis of the customer’s credit behaviour. Standard default interest is charged 
on late payments. Nonetheless, external events can materially and adversely impact the credit 
risk assessment carried out by the Group in accordance with its policies and/or delay customer 
payments following instalment requests. 
The increase in the price of commodities due to geo-political tensions ongoing as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, deriving from the Russia-Ukraine conflict, leads to an increase in 
credit exposures to customers (even in the case of constant volumes). This increased exposure 
naturally creates more risk of counterparties defaulting and more financial commitment in the 
event of late payments. The extent of these tensions will depend on the evolution of the crisis 
and its temporal duration. 
In order to cope with the higher level of risk arising from the new macro-economic scenario, 
starting from the year 2022, the acquisition process of new customers has become more 
selective, reducing the exposition to sectors and companies that could be affected by it. 
Furthermore, as done in previous years, during 2022 the Group set up several non-recourse, 
revolving and spot transactions of receivables from private and business customers but also 
partially from public administrations. This strategy exposes the Group to the risks involved in 
closing or failing to close these transactions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a single default by a major counterparty and/or an increase in 
current default rates by counterparties generally, could have an adverse impact on the market

--- Page 34 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 30 - 
47-41059079 
 
value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the 
Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Issuer’s ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired if it is unable to 
maintain or obtain the required licences, permits, approvals and consents 
In order to carry out and expand its business, the Issuer needs to maintain or obtain a variety 
of licences, permits, approvals and consents from regulatory, legal, administrative, tax and 
other authorities and agencies. The processes for obtaining these licences, permits, approvals 
and consents are often lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly. 
If the Issuer is unable to maintain or obtain the relevant permits and approvals, its ability to 
achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired, with a consequent adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay 
the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risks related to the Business Plan 
 
On 27 October 2020, the board of directors of the Issuer approved a 2020-2024 business plan 
(the "Business Plan"), containing the strategic guidelines and economic and financial targets 
of the Group for the relevant period. 
 
The Business Plan contains the Group’s targets through to 2024 prepared on the basis of 
macroeconomic projections as of its approval date and strategic actions that need to be 
implemented. The Business Plan is based on numerous assumptions and hypotheses, some of 
which relate to events not fully under the control of the board of directors and management of 
the Issuer. In particular, the Business Plan contains a set of assumptions, estimates and 
predictions that are based on the occurrence of future events and actions to be taken by, inter 
alia, the board of directors of the Issuer, in the period from 2020 to 2024, which include, among 
other things, hypothetical assumptions of different natures subject to risks and uncertainties 
arising from the current economic environment, relating to future events and actions of 
directors and the management of the Issuer that may not necessarily occur, events, actions, and 
other assumptions including those related to the performance of the main economic and 
financial variables or other factors that affect their development over which the directors and 
management of the Issuer do not have, or have limited, control. 
 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk that it may be unable to implement part or all of its 
growth strategy or within the timeframe expected, that the assumptions on which the Group 
based its forecasts and growth strategy may be incorrect or that the growth strategy may not 
achieve the results expected. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from 
those in the Business Plan include (but are not limited to) the possibility of divestitures or 
disposals, the transfer of certain assets and networks upon termination, revocation or non-
renewal of concessions and the reduction of fixed costs including through cost synergies from 
the Group’s acquisitions. 
 
Any such failure to develop, revise or implement the growth strategy in a timely and effective 
manner could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial position and results 
of operations and consequently on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability 
to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity.

--- Page 35 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 31 - 
47-41059079 
 
There can be no assurances of the success of any of the Group’s future attempts to acquire 
additional businesses or of the Group’s ability to integrate any businesses acquired in the 
future 
The Issuer’s business strategy involves investments in its core businesses and may also involve 
the acquisition of additional businesses. The success of this strategy depends in part on the 
Issuer’s ability to successfully identify and acquire, on acceptable terms, suitable companies 
and other assets and, once acquired, on the successful integration of these into the Group’s 
operations, as well as its ability to identify suitable strategic partners and conclude suitable 
terms with them. Recently, the Issuer has undertaken several acquisitions, especially in the 
environmental and photovoltaic market; for more information, see “Description of the Issuer 
– Energy Infrastructure”. 
Certain adverse consequences could result from these acquisitions. Acquisitions require the 
integration and combination of different management, strategies, procedures, products and 
services, client bases and distribution networks, with the aim of streamlining the business 
structure and operations of the newly enlarged group. Therefore, any acquisition and 
investment transactions expose Acea and its Group to risks connected to the integration of new 
companies into the Acea Group. These risks may relate to: (i) difficulties related to the 
management of a significantly broader and more complex organisation; (ii) problems related 
to the coordination and consolidation of corporate and administrative functions (including 
internal controls and procedures relating to accounting and financial reporting); and (iii) the 
failure to achieve expected synergies. Furthermore, this process of integration may require 
additional investment and expense. There can be no assurance that Acea and its Group will be 
able to integrate their newly-acquired companies, or any companies that it may acquire in the 
future, into the Acea Group successfully. 
An inability to implement such strategy or a failure in any particular implementation of the 
same, as well as the need for significant further investments in order to achieve such 
implementation, could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial position and 
results of operations and consequently on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s 
ability to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group faces increasing competition in the energy and gas markets 
The energy and gas markets in which the Issuer and the Group operate are subject to increasing 
competition in Italy. In particular, in the electricity and gas businesses, the Group competes 
with other producers and traders from both Italy and outside of Italy who sell electricity and 
gas in the Italian market for industrial, commercial and residential usage. 
Also, the Group is exposed to the risk of losing a significant market share due to the application 
of rules that will establish how to terminate public interventions in price setting. The 
conversion into law of Law Decree 30 December 2021 n. 228 (Milleproroghe) with law 25 
February 2022, n. 15 extended the term for the termination of public interventions in the price 
setting for household customers and microenterprises from 1 January 2023 to 10 January 2024. 
An increase in competition could have an impact on the prices paid or achieved in the Issuer’s 
electricity production and trading activities, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the 
Group’s business and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a 
consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to 
pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity.

--- Page 36 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 32 - 
47-41059079 
 
Legal and internal control risks 
The evolution in the legislative and regulatory context for the electricity, waste and water 
sectors poses a risk to the Group 
The Group operates mainly in regulated markets and changes in applicable legislation and 
regulation, whether at a national or European level, as well as in the regulations adopted by 
specific regulatory agencies, including the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks 
and Environment (Autorità di Regolazione per Energia Reti Ambiente – "ARERA" or the 
"Authority".  For further information, see section “Regulation”, below. 
Changes in applicable legislation and regulations, the manner in which they are interpreted, 
could impact the Group’s earnings and operations positively or negatively, both through the 
effect on current operations and also through the impact on the cost and revenue-earning 
capabilities of current and future planned developments in the business. Such changes could 
include changes in tax rates, changes in environmental or safety or other workplace laws, or 
changes in the regulation of cross border transactions. Public policies related to water, waste, 
energy, energy efficiency and/or air emissions, may impact the overall markets in which the 
Group operates. 
The Group operates its business in a political, legal, and social environment which is expected 
to continue to have a material impact on the performance of the Group. The regulations of a 
particular sector may affect many aspects of the Issuer’s and the Group’s business and, in many 
respects, determines the manner in which the Group conducts its business and the fees it 
charges or obtains for its products and services.  
Furthermore, the Group is subject to the application of legislation regulating local public 
services of economic importance, which has been affected by frequent amendments in the past 
ten years in Italy. 
In light of the above, the laws and regulations in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
(namely, Article 34, paragraphs 20-26 of Law Decree No. 179 of 18 October 2012, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented) provide that companies managing certain public 
services in the concession regime (such as the Issuer and its subsidiaries) will maintain the 
relevant concessions until (i) the scheduled maturity date set forth in the relevant concession 
agreement or (ii) 30 June 2021, if the relevant concession agreement does not set forth the 
concession’s expiry date. 
The expiry of any concessions currently held by the Group may adversely affect the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition, with a consequent adverse impact on 
the market value of the Notes and the Issuer’s ability to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
In addition, the Group is exposed, inter alia, to the risks concerning personal data processing, 
especially following the introduction of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (so called “GDPR”). 
Therefore, the Group has adopted a risk-based Privacy Governance Model that defines roles 
and responsibilities within the organization involved in the processing of personal data, as well 
as specific internal policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the data 
protection law (e.g. management data subjects requests, data breach policy, data retention 
policy, etc.). Moreover, a Group Data Protection Officer has been appointed by the controllers, 
which is supported by a DPO Office in his advisory and monitoring of compliance tasks.

--- Page 37 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 33 - 
47-41059079 
 
Any new or substantially altered rules and standards may adversely affect the Group’s 
revenues, profits and general financial condition and therefore have a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the 
Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risks related to legal and tax proceedings and the potential violation of laws and regulations. 
The Issuer and the Group are party to a number of legal and tax proceedings arising in the 
ordinary course of business. The Issuer has made provision in its consolidated financial 
statements for contingent liabilities related to particular proceedings in accordance with the 
advice of internal and external legal counsel. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group has 
not recorded provisions in respect of all of the proceedings to which it is subject. In particular, 
it has not recorded provisions in cases in which it is not possible to quantify any negative 
outcome and in cases in which it currently believes that negative outcomes are not likely. There 
can be no assurance, therefore, that the Group will not incur significant losses in connection 
with pending legal and tax proceedings due to: (i) uncertainty regarding the final outcome of 
such proceedings; (ii) the occurrence of new developments that were not known to 
management when evaluating the likely outcome of proceedings; (iii) the emergence of new 
evidence and information; and (iv) underestimation of probable future losses. 
Adverse outcomes in existing or future litigation could have adverse impacts on the financial 
position and results of operations of the Group and consequently an adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay 
the Notes in full at their maturity. For further information on the principal legal proceedings 
that the Group is currently involved in, see "Description of the Issuer — Litigation". 
Moreover, the Group has adopted systems for organization, management and control pursuant 
to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 (“231 Model”), as a defence against the administrative 
responsibility that could be attributed to the Group pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 231 of 8 June 2001 (“Legislative Decree 231/2001”). Legislative Decree 231/2001 
introduced a specific system of enterprise liability for several types of criminal offenses 
committed in the corporate interest and/or to its advantage by persons in senior management 
positions or those persons’ subordinates. The adoption of a 231 Model does not in itself 
exclude any form of liability under Legislative Decree 231/2001, and any failure to update this 
model increases the risk that administrative liability under Legislative Decree 231/2001 may 
arise. Any proceedings relating to alleged offences covered by Legislative Decree 231/2001, 
regardless of their outcome, could be costly and divert management’s attention from other 
aspects of the business, cause adverse publicity and reputational damage and could have an 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if 
an offense falling within the scope of Legislative Decree 231/2001 is committed, the Group 
may be subject to administrative or criminal penalties (e.g. fines, confiscations of profits), 
including the loss or revocation of authorizations, permits and licenses, exclusion from 
subsidies and loan contributions, the imposition of restrictions on the activities of the Group 
or damage to its reputation.  
The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business 
and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a consequent adverse impact 
on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or 
to repay the Notes in full at their maturity.

--- Page 38 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 34 - 
47-41059079 
 
Risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave the Group exposed to 
unidentified or unanticipated risks 
The Group has invested significant resources to developing policies, procedures and 
assessment methods to manage market, credit, liquidity and operating risk and intends to 
continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, the Group’s risk management techniques and 
strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all market environments 
or against all types of risks, including risks that Group fails to identify or anticipate. In addition, 
while the Group maintains insurance coverages to protect itself from several risks in 
accordance with its risk management framework, it should be noted that not all risks can be 
covered by insurance policies and therefore there are direct and indirect losses or liabilities that 
the Group may accordingly suffer. 
Furthermore, the Group is exposed to the risk that functional problems in its technological and 
IT architecture could cause an interruption in its business, as well as the risk of unauthorized 
access to IT systems or the possible success of external cyber-attacks, which may result in 
damage, loss, removal or unlawful disclosure of the data managed by the Group which could 
expose the Group to financial penalties and fines and, in turn, may harm its image or reputation 
vis-à-vis its customers. Additionally, the Group uses multiple IT platforms, systems and 
applications to manage certain of its operations (e.g. industrial control systems and operational 
technology) in the distributions activities. Any breakdowns and interruptions to such IT 
platforms, systems and applications (which may be caused also by external cyber-attacks) 
could disrupt the Group’s business and ultimately result in equipment damage, power outages, 
and a range of other hardware, software and network problems. Although the Group regularly 
maintains and updates its IT systems, and within its IT security framework it has adopted 
advanced solutions for information security, any problems associated with inefficient 
maintenance, a failure or delay in updating its IT systems, any unauthorized access to its 
computer systems or a successful external cyber-attack could have an adverse impact on the 
Group’s business and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a 
consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to 
pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group’s operations are subject to extensive environmental laws, rules and regulations 
which regulate, among other things, air emissions, water discharges and the management 
of hazardous and solid waste 
Compliance with environmental laws, rules and regulations requires the Group to incur 
significant costs relating to environmental monitoring, installation of pollution control 
equipment, emission fees, maintenance and upgrading of facilities, remediation and permitting. 
The cost of compliance with existing and future environmental law requirements may increase 
in the future. Any increase in such costs, unless promptly recovered, could have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s business and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, 
with a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s 
ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity.

--- Page 39 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 35 - 
47-41059079 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET 
RISKS 
ASSOCIATED 
WITH 
NOTES 
ISSUED 
UNDER 
THE 
PROGRAMME  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common of such features, distinguishing between factors which may 
occur in relation to any Notes: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option (Condition 9(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Clean-Up Call Option)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if 
and when 80 per cent. or more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of 
Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of 
the Clean-up Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as 
high as that of the relevant Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right 
to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower

--- Page 40 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 36 - 
47-41059079 
 
overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing market rates. 
The value of fixed rate Notes may change 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on floating rate notes  
A key difference between floating rate notes and fixed rate notes is that interest income on 
floating rate notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able 
to determine a definite yield of floating rate notes at the time they purchase them, so that their 
return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the terms and conditions of the notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, 
investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors 
may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then 
prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue fixed rate notes may affect the market 
value and the secondary market (if any) of the floating rate notes (and vice versa). Investment 
in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to 
be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin 
will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the relevant final terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, 
the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term 
changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected 
in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference 
rate. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked 
to such "benchmarks".  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates 
and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, and such 
changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, 
or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any

--- Page 41 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 37 - 
47-41059079 
 
of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and 
adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-
term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long 
it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of 
any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are 
linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even 
prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference 
rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark 
during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market 
for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a "benchmark". 
The Conditions provide also for certain additional arrangements in the event that a published 
Original Reference Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be 
published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined 
in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or 
an Alternative Reference Rate, and that such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a 
relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Indeed, if the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine 
a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer may determine such 
Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread. The application of a Successor Reference 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant 
Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they 
would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.

--- Page 42 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 38 - 
47-41059079 
 
If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. In certain circumstances, the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for 
the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last used for the relevant Notes 
or last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates 
and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser 
or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable 
regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the 
competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions – Benchmark Replacement). 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation reforms or arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in 
interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
There can be no assurance that Notes issued as "Green Bonds" and the related use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor seeking securities to be 
used for a particular purpose 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes described as "Green 
Bonds" for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, Eligible Green 
Projects (such term as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section). In such circumstances, 
prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, or referred to, under the 
paragraph "Use of Proceeds, Estimated Net Proceeds– Use of Proceeds" of the relevant Final 
Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any 
other investigation such investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes and its suitability also in light of their own circumstances and applicable criteria. In 
particular, no assurance can be given by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) that the use of such net proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether under any present or future applicable law or

--- Page 43 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 39 - 
47-41059079 
 
regulations or under its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates 
(including in relation to the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy) and any related technical 
screening criteria, the proposed European Green Bond Regulation, the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that 
such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” has been established in the EU with 
the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy and the final social taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy, which was published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 
February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act, introducing a first set of technical screening criteria to be used to define 
which activities contribute to the following environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act”). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 
January 2022. On 10 March 2022, the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy 
Complementary Climate Delegated Act, covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is 
expected to enter into force in the coming months. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European 
Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation. Any further delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to implement 
the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation may result in a regular review of the relating screening criteria, with changes to the 
scope of activities and other amendments to reflect technological progress. 
In addition, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance 
published its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond 
Standard”). In the context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance 
strategy, the European Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of 
an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical 
Expert Group, and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the 
European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed 
the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 
July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green 
Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the 
green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) 
full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance 
activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers 
with the ESMA and subjection to its supervision. 
In this respect, there can be no guarantee that the Eligible Green Projects financed and/or 
refinanced by the Issuer out of the proceeds of its “Green Bonds” will fully align at all times 
with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
and the technical screening criteria established by the implementing delegated acts, as and 
when introduced and applicable from time to time. Any such changes could have an adverse 
effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such Green Bonds.

--- Page 44 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 40 - 
47-41059079 
 
No assurance can be given that Eligible Green Projects will meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in 
relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the 
proposed European Green Bond Regulation, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, 
and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. Any Green 
Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the proposed European Green 
Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the 
Acea Green Financing Framework.  It is not clear if the establishment of the EuGB label and 
the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the 
proposed European Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and 
pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB 
label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. 
It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price 
of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with those standards 
proposed under the European Green Bond Regulation. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of 
Notes issued as "Green Bonds" so specified for Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, 
the manner described, or referred to, under the "Use of Proceeds" section and the paragraph 
"Use of Proceeds, Estimated Net Proceeds – Use of Proceeds" of the relevant Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such a 
manner and/or in accordance with any intended timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that Eligible Green Projects will be completed as expected or achieve 
the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or 
anticipated.  None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as 
"Green Bonds" or to report on the use of proceeds or Green Bonds as anticipated or a failure 
of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue 
of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' 
expectations requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels will 
constitute an event of default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as 
Green Bonds. 
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Green 
Projects to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green 
Bonds in full. 
"Green Bonds" are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Green Projects, do not benefit 
from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights 
derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Notes. The performance of the "Green 
Bonds" is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Projects or the 
performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no 
segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the "Green Bonds" and the Eligible Green 
Projects. Payment of principal and interest in respect of relevant Notes will be made from the 
Issuer's general funds. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on the 
"Green Bonds" nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the relevant 
Eligible Green Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental 
or similar targets. Holders of any "Green Bonds" shall have no preferential rights or priority

--- Page 45 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 41 - 
47-41059079 
 
against the assets of any Eligible Green Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance 
the performance of the Notes. 
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated 
"green","sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or 
that any admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer or any Dealer or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for Eligible Green 
Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion, report or certification or any such 
opinion, report or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such opinion, report or certification is opining or certifying on 
and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid will not constitute an event of default under the Notes but may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or result in adverse consequences 
for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second-party Opinion or any other opinion 
or certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds 
In connection with the issue of "Green Bonds", the Issuer may request a specialised consulting 
firm or rating agency to issue a so-called second-party opinion confirming that the relevant 
"green" project expected to be financed and/or refinanced by the net proceeds of the "Green 
Bonds" has been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green 
projects set out in the "Green Bond Principles" ("GBP") published by the International Capital 
Market Association ("ICMA") and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the 
Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability projects 
(any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk 
factors and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed and/or 
refinanced by the relevant net proceeds. No assurance or representation is given as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) (including the Second-party Opinion) 
which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in 
particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social 
and/or other criteria. Any such opinion, report or certification (including any Second-party 
Opinion) may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes

--- Page 46 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 42 - 
47-41059079 
 
or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the 
relevant issue of Notes in the form of "Green Bonds". A Second-party Opinion is a statement 
of opinion, not a statement of fact and it would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold the relevant "Green Bonds" by the Dealers, or any other person and would only be current 
as of the date it is released. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds in respect of which such opinion or 
certification is given and /or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Furthermore, prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, 
report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes.  
Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and/or certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, 
report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated into and/or form part of 
the Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the 
light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact 
the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase 
complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing

--- Page 47 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 43 - 
47-41059079 
 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Change of Control  
Upon the occurrence of certain change of control events relating to the Issuer, as set out in 
Condition 9(g) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control Put Event), under certain circumstances each Noteholder will have the right 
to require the Issuer to redeem its Notes at its principal amount or such other amount as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms ("Change of Control Redemption Amount"). It is 
possible, however, that the Issuer will not have sufficient funds to redeem the Notes at the time 
that a Change of Control Put Event in respect of the Issuer occurs. If sufficient funds are not 
available to the Issuer for the purposes of carrying out the redemption, Noteholders may 
receive less than the principal amount of the Notes should they elect to exercise their right to 
redeem. Furthermore, if such a right to redeem is exercised by the Noteholders, this might 
adversely affect the Issuer’s financial position. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
The terms and conditions relating to the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of 
indebtedness which the Issuer and its Subsidiaries may from time to time incur. In the event of 
any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with the Issuer’s other 
unsecured senior indebtedness and, accordingly, any increase in the amount of the Issuer’s 
unsecured senior indebtedness in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Noteholders. In addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge), do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries over present and future indebtedness. Where security has been granted over assets 
of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, 
such indebtedness will, in respect of such assets, rank in priority over the Notes and other 
unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer. 
Modification and waiver 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes or the Conditions may be modified, 
waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, 
waiver or amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Risk connected with the possibility of changes to the tax regime of the Notes 
It is not possible to predict whether the tax regime applicable on the interest and on other 
income, including capital gains, deriving from the Notes, will undergo changes during the life 
of such Notes; therefore, it cannot be ruled out that, in the event of such changes, the net values 
indicated may alter, perhaps significantly, from those that actually apply to the Notes at the 
various payment dates.

--- Page 48 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 44 - 
47-41059079 
 
Noteholders will be responsible for paying all present and future taxes that, in accordance with 
the provisions applicable from time to time will apply to the Notes, or to which the Notes 
become subject for whatever reason. 
Any greater fiscal charges on profits or on capital gains in connection with the Notes, with 
reference to those payable under the applicable fiscal regulations, following legislative or 
regulatory changes, or as a result of a change of practice in terms of interpretation of the rules 
by the financial administration, will consequently mean a reduction in the return on the Notes, 
net of the tax charge, and this will not result in any obligation of the Issuer to pay the 
Noteholders any additional sum by way of compensation for such greater tax burden. 
Payments in respect of the Notes may in certain circumstances be made subject to 
withholding or deduction of tax 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of withholding or deduction of 
Italian taxation, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as 
they would have received in respect of the Notes had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. The Issuer’s obligation to gross up is, however, subject to a number of exceptions, 
including, inter alia, withholding or deduction pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996 and any related implementing regulations. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax 
consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, 
regional or local tax laws of any country or territory. See also "Taxation". 
Italian substitutive tax 
Italian substitutive tax is applied to payments of interest and other proceeds (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) at a rate of 26 per cent. to (i) 
certain Italian resident Noteholders and (ii) non-Italian resident Noteholders who have not filed 
in due time with the relevant depository a declaration (autocertificazione) stating, inter alia, 
that he or she is resident for tax purposes in a country which allows for an adequate exchange 
of information with the Italian tax authorities (See also "Taxation"). 
Change of law 
The Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, except for the provisions of Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Noteholders’ 
Representative; Modification and Waiver) which are subject to compliance with mandatory 
laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force from time to time and, where applicable 
Italian law so requires, the Issuer’s by laws. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to applicable English law or administrative practice after 
the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently 
required to be issued

--- Page 49 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 45 - 
47-41059079 
 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum 
Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. 
Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of Notes other 
than a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive definitive Notes in 
respect of their holding (provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of 
the minimum Specified Denomination), however, any such definitive Notes which are printed 
in denominations other than the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agent or otherwise) is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders 
(including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the 
Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the 
Notes and upon their redemption. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under 
the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these 
circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market 
prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the 
Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors.

--- Page 50 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 46 - 
47-41059079 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the assigning rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and 
not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA and such rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA and which is not certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency not established in the UK and not 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK and such rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK and which is not certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated

--- Page 51 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 47 - 
47-41059079 
 
ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Not all non-Italian investors in the Notes could be able to obtain the benefits of the regime 
under Decree No. 239 
The regime provided by Decree No. 239 applies if certain procedural requirements are met. 
There can be no assurance that all non-Italian resident investors will be able to claim the 
application of the withholding tax exemption regime (see "Taxation"). 
Notes may be affected by a proposal relating to Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013 the European Commission published a new legislative proposal on the 
Financial Transaction Tax (the "FTT"). The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could 
apply, under certain circumstances to certain dealings in the Notes (see "Taxation").

--- Page 52 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 48 - 
47-41059079 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the report on operations and the unaudited half year consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023 (the "Consolidated 
Interim Financial Report Acea Group 2023"), which can be found on the Issuer’s 
website at:  
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2023/reports/2023-acea-half-year-consolidated-
interim-financial-statements.pdf    
2. 
the auditors’ limited review report in connection with the unaudited half year 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2023 included in the Consolidated Interim Financial Report Acea Group 2023 
(the "2023 Limited Review Report"), which can be found on the Issuer’s website at:  
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2023/reports/review-report-condensed-
consolidated-interim-financial-statements.pdf    
3. 
the paragraph entitled “Strategic Guidelines” of the press release dated 25 July 2023 
entitled “Strategic guidelines: growth prospects driven by major infrastructure projects 
in regulated sectors. H1 2023 results approved: continued investment and organic 
growth” (the "25 July 2023 Press Release") which can be found on the Issuer’s website 
at: 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/media/comunicati-ps/2023/07/AceaCPS-25072023-
en.pdf    
4. 
the interim report on operations of the Issuer in respect of the quarter as at 31 March 
2023, containing the unaudited interim consolidated financial information as at and for 
the period ended 31 March 2023 (the "Q1 2023 Interim Report"), which can be found 
on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2023/reports/interim-report-operations-as-at-
31-march-2023.pdf  
5. 
the report on operations and the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
(including the auditors’ report thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the 
year ended 31 December 2022 (the "2022 Consolidated Financial Statements"), 
which can be found on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2023/reports/2022-consolidated-financial-
statements.pdf

--- Page 53 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 49 - 
47-41059079 
 
6. 
the report on operations and the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
(including the auditors’ report thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the 
year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Consolidated Financial Statements"), 
which can be found on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2022/reports/2021-consolidated-financial-
statements.pdf  
7. 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions" of the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 20 July 2022 (the "2022 Base Prospectus"), which can be found on 
the website of the Issuer at:  
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2022/emtn/acea-emtn-2022-base-
prospectus.pdf  
The parts of the Consolidated Interim Financial Report Acea Group 2023, the 2023 Limited 
Review Report, the 25 July 2023 Press Release, the Q1 2023 Interim Report, the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, and 2022 
Base Prospectus that are not listed in the cross-reference list and therefore are not incorporated 
by reference are either not relevant for investors or covered in another part of the Base 
Prospectus, provided, however, that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any 
information or in any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this 
Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference 
modifies or supersedes such statement provided that such modifying or superseding statement 
is made by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge at the specified office of the Listing 
Agent in Luxembourg, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer (https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en). 
In addition, this Base Prospectus will be available in electronic form on Issuer's website at:  
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en/investors/financial-structure/emtn-programme. 
Cross-reference list 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for (i) the information included in the 
Consolidated Interim Financial Report Acea Group 2023; (ii) the information included in the 
2023 Limited Review Report; (iii) the 25 July 2023 Press Release; (iv) the information 
included in the Q1 2023 Interim Report, (v) the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, (vi) 
the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) the 2022 Base Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 50 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Interim Financial Report Acea 
Group 2023 
Page number(s) 
Report on Operations 
 
ACEA Organisational Model 
3-4 
Corporate bodies 
5 
Summary of Results 
6-7 
Summary of operations and income, equity and 
financial performance of the Group 
8 
Summary of Results: economic performance 
9-12 
Summary of results: trends in financial position 
and cash flows 
13-16 
Net financial debt 
17-18 
Reference context 
19-40 
Trend of Operating segments 
41 
Operating segments 
42-64 
Significant Events during the period and 
afterwards 
65-67 
Main risks and uncertainties 
68-75 
Business outlook 
76 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Form and Structure 
77-78 
Consolidation policies, procedures and scope 
79-81 
Scope of Consolidation 
81-82 
Accounting Standards and Measurement Criteria 
83 
Consolidated Income Statement 
84 
Quarterly Consolidated Income Statement 
85 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
86 
Quarterly Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income 
87 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
88 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
89 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Shareholders’ equity 
90 
Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
91-100 
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position 
101-119 
Commitments and contingencies 
120 
Business Combinations 
121-125 
Application of the IFRS 5 standard 
126 
Service concession arrangements 
127-156 
Related Party Transactions 
157-158 
Update on major disputes and litigation 
159-170 
Annexes 
171-183 
 
 
2023 Limited Review Report 
Page number(s) 
 
1-3 (whole document) 
 
 
25 July 2023 Press Release 
Page number(s) 
 
2 (paragraph entitled “Strategic Guidelines”)

--- Page 55 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 51 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
 
Q1 2023 Interim Report 
Page number(s) 
Summary of Results 
6-7 
Reference context 
19 
Operating segments  
21-34 
Significant Events during the period and 
afterwards 
35-36 
Form and Structure 
38-40 
Scope of Consolidation 
41-44 
Accounting Standards and Measurement Criteria 
45 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
47
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 
Income  
48 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
49 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
50 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Shareholders’ equity 
51 
 
 
2022 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Page number(s) 
Report on Operations 
 
Summary of operations and income, equity and 
financial performance of the Group 
22 
Reference context 
35-61 
Operating segments 
63-110 
Significant Events during the period and after 
111-115 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
218 
Consolidated Statement of comprehensive income 
219 
Consolidated Statement of financial position 
220-221 
Consolidated Cash Flow statement 
222-223 
Consolidated Statement of changes in 
Shareholders’ equity 
224 
Notes to the Consolidated income statement 
225-235 
Notes to the Consolidated statement of financial 
position 
236-258 
Commitments and Contingencies 
259 
Service concession arrangements 
269-287 
Update on major disputes and litigation 
290-303 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
 
327-336 
2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Page number(s) 
Report on Operations 
 
Summary of operations and income, equity and 
financial performance of the Group 
22 
Reference context 
34-60 
Operating segments 
62-105 
Significant Events during the period and 
afterwards 
106-108 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
218 
Consolidated Statement of comprehensive income 
219

--- Page 56 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 52 - 
47-41059079 
 
Consolidated Statement of financial position 
220-221 
Consolidated Cash Flow statement 
222-223 
Consolidated Statement of changes in 
Shareholders’ equity 
224 
Notes to the Consolidated income statement 
225-234 
Notes to the Consolidated statement of financial 
position 
235-256 
Commitments and Contingencies 
257 
Service concession arrangements 
274-289 
Update on major disputes and litigation 
293-303 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
324-333 
 
 
Terms and conditions of the 2022 Base 
Prospectus  
56-91

--- Page 57 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 53 - 
47-41059079 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of 
the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a 
Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which 
is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes 
will be contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction 
with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final 
Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to 
the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.  
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes, including any sections of the Base 
Prospectus which may be incorporated by reference therein.

--- Page 58 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 54 - 
47-41059079 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note 
(each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking SA 
("Clearstream") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream.  
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable 
Final Terms will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow eligibility with regards to the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"). Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date 
(as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the 
Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in 
such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form 
are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB 
credit operations" of the Eurosystem, provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the 
same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered 
by Euroclear and Clearstream as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the 
TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes

--- Page 59 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 55 - 
47-41059079 
 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments 
in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of 
a Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the 
aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of paragraph (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 60 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 56 - 
47-41059079 
 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at 
the request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of 
the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a 
Temporary Global Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note 
becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Note 
becomes void (in the case of paragraph (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of paragraph (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 61 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 57 - 
47-41059079 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable 
or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but 
not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.  
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes:

--- Page 62 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 58 - 
47-41059079 
 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of 
the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under 
the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note or a Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive 
Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown 
as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing 
system.

--- Page 63 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 59 - 
47-41059079 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and 
will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and 
conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes 
in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 64 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 60 - 
47-41059079 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the 
case of any Tranche of Notes which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other 
than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant 
Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to 
this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of 
any Tranche of Notes may complete any information any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Acea S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 4 August 2023 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer and BNP 
PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression 
includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available for viewing at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial specified 
office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies 
of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 65 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 61 - 
47-41059079 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in Luxembourg and each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 66 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 62 - 
47-41059079 
 
(d) 
"FRN 
Convention", 
"Floating 
Rate 
Convention" or 
"Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "Change of Control" will be deemed to occur if more than 50 per cent. of the share 
capital of the Issuer, or more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable 
at a general meeting of the Issuer, is acquired by any person or Persons (other than the 
Reference Shareholder) acting in concert; 
a "Change of Control Put Event" will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
a Change of Control occurs; and 
(b) 
at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control, the Notes carry any of 
the following: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or 
better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of 
the occurrence of the Change of Control either downgraded to a non-
investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) 
or withdrawn and is not within such 180-day period subsequently (in 
the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating 
by such Rating Agency or (in the case of a withdrawal) replaced by an 
investment grade credit rating from any other Rating Agency; or

--- Page 67 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 63 - 
47-41059079 
 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of 
the occurrence of the Change of Control downgraded by one or more 
notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within 
such 180-day period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or 
better by such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within 90 days of the 
occurrence of the Change of Control an investment grade credit rating 
to the Notes 
(each, a "Rating Event"); and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) 
resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control; 
"Control" will have the meaning set forth in Article 93 of Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and the relevant implementing regulations; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA )" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
"Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 68 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 64 - 
47-41059079 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 69 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 65 - 
47-41059079 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the 
Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day of the 
Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 70 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 66 - 
47-41059079 
 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Banking 
Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated 
currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from 
the designated distributor); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
"Indebtedness" shall be construed so as to include any obligation for the payment or 
repayment of money, whether present or future, actual or contingent; 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present or future Indebtedness for 
money borrowed; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the 
relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar

--- Page 71 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 67 - 
47-41059079 
 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the 
relevant redemption date); 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of Baa3 by Moody’s and/or BBB- by Fitch 
or any successor to any of them from time to time; 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Amount" means, in respect of any Note, as determined by the 
Reference Dealers, the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on the Note (not including any interest accrued on 
the Note to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date (Call)) discounted to the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (based on the actual number of 
days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at the Reference Bond 
Rate plus the Redemption Margin; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "material part" means 15 per cent. or more by value of the whole; 
"Material Subsidiary" at any time shall include a Subsidiary of the Issuer (inter alia): 
(a) whose revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries and without taking into account intra-group revenues) or whose total assets 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries and without 
taking into account assets due to intra-group transactions) represent not less than 15 per 
cent. of the consolidated revenues or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets of 
the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated 
respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the 
case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries; or (b) to which is transferred 
the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material Subsidiary; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rating" means: 
(a) 
if, immediately prior to the announcement of the amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring of the Issuer, the Notes carried

--- Page 72 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 68 - 
47-41059079 
 
a credit rating equal to or higher than an Investment Grade Rating, the higher 
of (1) an Investment Grade Rating, and (2) a credit rating that is not more than 
3 notches lower than the rating assigned by the Rating Agencies to, or carried 
by, the Notes immediately prior to the announcement of the amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring of the Issuer; 
(b) 
if, immediately prior to the announcement of the amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring of the Issuer, the Notes carried 
a credit rating lower than an Investment Grade Rating, a credit rating that is not 
lower than the rating assigned by the Rating Agencies to, or carried by, the 
Notes immediately prior to the announcement of the amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, a redemption 
amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes or a 
redemption amount per Note equal to the greater of 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes and the Make-Whole Amount, as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities 
which adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre

--- Page 73 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 69 - 
47-41059079 
 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
demerger, consolidation or restructuring whilst solvent whereby the assets and 
undertaking of the Issuer (or, in the case of a demerger, all or substantially all of such 
assets and undertaking) are vested in a body corporate in good standing and (A) such 
body corporate (i) assumes or, if the surviving entity is the Issuer, maintains liability 
as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and (ii) continues substantially to carry on 
the business of the Issuer as reported in the Issuer’s most recently published audited 
financial statements immediately prior to the amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
demerger, consolidation or restructuring; and (B) following the completion of the 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring, the 
Notes continue to carry by each Rating Agency that rated the Notes prior to the 
announcement of the amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation 
or restructuring a rating at least equal to the Minimum Rating;  
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest arising solely by operation of law; 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing over the assets of a company which becomes a 
Material Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date of the relevant Final Terms 
where such Security Interest already exists at the time that such a company 
becomes a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer (provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of, or in connection with, that 
company becoming a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer and provided further 
that the amounts secured have not been increased in contemplation of, or in 
connection with, that company becoming a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer); 
and 
(c) 
any Security Interest to secure Relevant Indebtedness upon, or with respect to, 
any of its present or future assets (including receivables) or revenues or any part 
thereof which is created pursuant to any securitisation, asset backed financing 
or like arrangement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, Project Finance 
Indebtedness (as defined below), whereby all payment obligations in respect of 
the Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of the 
Relevant Indebtedness, as the case may be, secured by such Security Interest or 
having the benefit of such secured guarantee or other indemnity, are to be 
discharged solely from such assets (including receivables) or revenues; 
(d) 
any Security Interest in existence on the relevant Issue Date of each Series of 
Notes, provided that the principal amount secured by the Security Interest is not 
subsequently increased and the Security Interest remains limited to all or part 
of the same property and assets that originally secured the Security Interest; and 
(e)  
any Security Interest created in substitution of any security permitted under 
paragraphs (a) to (d) above, provided that the principal amount secured by the 
substitute Security Interest does not exceed the principal amount secured by the 
initial Security Interest.

--- Page 74 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 70 - 
47-41059079 
 
 "Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not 
having separate legal personality; 
"Persons Acting in Concert" will have the meaning set forth in Article 101-bis of 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and relevant implementing 
measures; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as 
is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Project Finance Indebtedness" means any present or future Indebtedness incurred in 
financing the acquisition, development, leasing and/or operation of an asset or assets 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, concessions), whether or not an asset of a 
member of the Group, in respect of which the Person or Persons to whom any such 
Indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant issuer (whether or not a member of the 
Group) has or have no recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group for the 
repayment thereof other than: 
(a) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or the net cash flow (other than 
historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or assets or the 
income or other proceeds deriving therefrom; and/or 
(b) 
recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of 
such indebtedness in an enforcement of any Security Interest given by such 
issuer over such asset or assets or the income, cash flow or other proceeds, 
deriving therefrom (or given by any shareholder or the like, including any 
member of the Group, in the issuer over its shares or the like in the capital of 
the borrower) to secure such Relevant Indebtedness, 
provided that (a) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the amount of any 
recoveries made on any such enforcement, and (b) such Person or Persons is/are not 
entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such 
Indebtedness, to commence proceedings of whatever nature against any member of the 
Group. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by 
any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the 
Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 75 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 71 - 
47-41059079 
 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means each of Moody’s and Fitch and any of their respective 
successors; and 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Bond, the Reference 
Dealers and the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the average of the five quotations of 
the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference 
Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of the 
Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the third business day in London 
preceding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) quoted in writing to the Issuer by the 
Reference Dealers;  
"Reference Dealers" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
two independent and internationally recognised dealer in obligations similar to the 
Notes selected by the Issuer;  
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Shareholder" means the Municipality of Rome. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 76 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 72 - 
47-41059079 
 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or 
represented or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or other securities for the time 
being are, are intended to be (with the consent of the Issuer), or are capable of being 
quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over the counter of other 
securities market; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
is or becomes subject in respect of its income by reason of its tax residence or a 
permanent establishment maintained therein. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the 
amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to 
change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the 
laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 77 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 73 - 
47-41059079 
 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by 
law or in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be consolidated 
with those of the Issuer. 
"substantial part" means 50 per cent. or more by value of the whole. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor system; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement;  
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – Definitions) to have 
the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms 
gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then 
such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and

--- Page 78 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 74 - 
47-41059079 
 
(viii) any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of 
any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status  
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to Condition 5 (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation 
and subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank equally with all its other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) 
the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or 
have outstanding any Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon 
the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including 
any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or payment under any 
guarantee or indemnity granted by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in respect of 
any Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior thereto according to the 
Notes the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant 
Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by a 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes:  
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; or  
(ii) 
if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply.

--- Page 79 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 75 - 
47-41059079 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in 
the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the 
Notes: 
(i) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the

--- Page 80 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 76 - 
47-41059079 
 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject as provided in Condition 7(i) 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement) below: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate 
or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination:  
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA 
Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 81 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 77 - 
47-41059079 
 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but 
(in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any 
event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish 
only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination.  
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement:  
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions), if 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Reference Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Reference Rate, and in each case an Adjustment

--- Page 82 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 78 - 
47-41059079 
 
Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the "IA Determination 
Cut-off Date"), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i) during any other 
future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than 
three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period (the "Issuer Determination Cut-off Date"), for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest 
Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(i) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining 
any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will 
take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) in accordance with this Condition 7(i): 
(A) such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 7(i)); 
(B) if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(I) determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
7(i)); or 
(II)is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
7(i)); and

--- Page 83 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 79 - 
47-41059079 
 
(C) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion 
specify: 
(I) changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) any Reference Banks, 
Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, 
Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Financial 
Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page (all as defined in the Final Terms) 
applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to 
the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(II) any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the 
proper operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i)); and 
(iv) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 7(i)(iii)(C) to the 
Fiscal Paying Agent and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with 
effecting the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) as described in this Condition 7(i) or such other 
relevant changes pursuant to Condition 7(i)(iii)(C), including any changes 
to these Conditions and the Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of 
this Condition 7(i) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, 
then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined 
by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 7(c) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions – Screen Rate Determination). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(i): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 84 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 80 - 
47-41059079 
 
(v) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(vi) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be); or 
(vii) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged), the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the 
relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and 
of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of 
its relevant underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each 
case by a specific date within the following six months; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as amended 
from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,

--- Page 85 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 81 - 
47-41059079 
 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (v), the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on the later of (a) the date which is six months prior to the date of the cessation 
of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case 
may be and (b) the date of the relevant public statement. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant 
to the operation of this Condition 7(i). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Reference Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the 
Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount 
shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days

--- Page 86 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 82 - 
47-41059079 
 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being not applicable), and provided that if either the Floating-
Fixed Rate Note Provisions or the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, such time of 
redemption does not fall during an Interest Period the Rate of Interest in respect 
of which is calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions; or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
in each case, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms, 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together 
with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court 
of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which the agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date, 60 days (or such other period as may be specified in the

--- Page 87 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 83 - 
47-41059079 
 
relevant final terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the 
Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, 
the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to, but excluding, 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call)). Any notice so given shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes on the Optional Redemption Date (Call) accordingly. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such 
place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by 
the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the "Clean-Up Call Option") but subject to 
having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice to the 
Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such 
redemption shall be at par together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. Any Notes that have been redeemed and cancelled by the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of

--- Page 88 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 84 - 
47-41059079 
 
the Issuer) at an Optional Redemption Amount (Call) equal to the Make-Whole 
Amount shall not be considered as purchased and cancelled for the purposes of this 
Condition 9(e). 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put 
Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest 
(if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 9(f), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together 
with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is 
so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying 
Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event: If at any 
time while the Notes remain outstanding a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the 
holder of any Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of 
Control Put Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons) or, if applicable, Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer)) to require the Issuer to redeem such Note on the Change of 
Control Put Date at its Change of Control Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the Change of Control Put Date. 
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the Issuer shall, within 14 days of the 
occurrence of such Change of Control Put Event, give notice (a "Change of Control 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the option contained 
in this Condition 9(g). 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this Note must 
deliver this Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during the 
normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the period (the "Change of 
Control Put Period") of 45 days after that on which a Change of Control Notice is 
given, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
"Change of Control Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account

--- Page 89 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 85 - 
47-41059079 
 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(g). All unmatured coupons shall 
be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of Condition 10 (Payments). The 
Paying Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered will 
issue to the holder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a "Change of Control Put 
Receipt") in respect of the Note so delivered. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes in 
respect of which Change of Control Put Receipt have been issued on the date (the 
"Change of Control Put Date") being the tenth day after the date of expiry of the 
Change of Control Put Period, provided, however, that if, prior to the Change of 
Control Put Date, any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the Change of Control Put Date, payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been 
given by such Noteholder in the relevant Change of Control Put Notice and shall hold 
such Note at its specified office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against 
surrender of the relevant Change of Control Put Receipt. For so long as any outstanding 
Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(g), the depositor 
of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note 
for all purposes. Payment in respect of any Note will be made on the Change of Control 
Put Date by transfer to the bank account (if any) specified in the Change of Control Put 
Notice and, in every other case on or after the Change of Control Put Date, in each case 
against presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such Change 
of Control Put Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 9(g). 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note 
at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price (provided that they are purchased together 
with all unmatured Coupons relating to them). 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed pursuant to the Conditions and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them will be cancelled and may not be re-
issued or resold. All Notes purchased in accordance with Condition 9(j) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Purchase) and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with

--- Page 90 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 86 - 
47-41059079 
 
them may be held, re-issued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if 
that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency.  
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed 
Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the 
Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is 
permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of 
the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment 
is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be 
that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the 
gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment;

--- Page 91 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 87 - 
47-41059079 
 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order 
of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of 
such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where 
this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if 
less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons.  
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date 
for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 
Condition 9(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of 
any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than 
in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a 
statement indicating the amount and date of such payment.

--- Page 92 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 88 - 
47-41059079 
 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent for a further Coupon Sheet including, if appropriate, a further Talon but 
excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant 
to Condition 13 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any 
Relevant Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the 
event that any such withholding or deduction is imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within any Relevant Jurisdiction, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable: 
(i) 
in the case of any Note and/or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf 
of a holder who is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
if such Note or Coupon is presented for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on 
the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Note and/or Coupon presented for payment in the Republic of 
Italy; or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Note and/or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf of a 
holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by 
making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to 
the relevant tax authority; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to 
European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any other Directive, law or 
agreement implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform 
to, such Directive; or 
(vi) 
in the case of any Note and/or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf 
of a Noteholder or a Couponholder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another 
Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; or

--- Page 93 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 89 - 
47-41059079 
 
(vii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other 
proceeds of any Note or Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1st April 1996 ("Decree No. 239") and 
any related implementing regulations (as the same may be amended or 
supplemented at the date of issue of the Notes); or 
(viii) in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-
Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident 
in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with the Italian authorities (the states allowing for an adequate exchange of 
information with the Republic of Italy are those listed in Ministerial Decree of 
4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented). 
12. 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer (1) fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes 
when due and such failure continues for a period of seven days, or (2) fails to pay any 
amount of interest in respect of the Notes when due and such failure continues for a 
period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: without prejudice to Condition 12(a) (Events of Default – 
Non-payment), the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 
30 days following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of a written notice of such 
default addressed to the Issuer, delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, 
event of default or the like (howsoever described), or  
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness) is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable 
grace period, or  
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect 
of, any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness),  
provided that the aggregate amount of the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, 
guarantees and/or indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned 
in this Condition 12(c) have occurred (in the case of (iii) taking into account only the 
amount which the relevant person has failed to pay) equals or exceeds €40,000,000 or 
its equivalent in any other currency (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant

--- Page 94 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 90 - 
47-41059079 
 
currency against euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this Condition 
12(c) operates); or 
(d) 
Enforcement: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced 
or sued out on or against all or a substantial part of the property, assets or revenues of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 45 
days; or  
(e) 
Security enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, created or 
assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in respect of all or a substantial 
part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer becomes enforceable and any step 
is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
manager or other similar person); or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, 
deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, 
suspends the payment of all or a material part of its debts, proposes or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant 
creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect 
of or affecting all or a material part of the debts of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except 
for the purpose of and followed by (A) a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger, demerger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by a resolution of the 
Noteholders, or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby all or substantially all 
of the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred, sold, 
contributed, assigned to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Material 
Subsidiaries, or (B) a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction 
has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (e) to (g) above. 
Then any Note may, by notice in writing given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office 
by the holder, be declared immediately due and payable whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its principal amount together with accrued interest 
without further formality unless such event of default shall have been remedied prior 
to the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons

--- Page 95 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 91 - 
47-41059079 
 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular 
place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable 
laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, 
upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor 
paying agents; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a paying agent in an EU member state that 
will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council 
Directive 2003/48/EC; and 
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Noteholders’ Representative; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: the Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including 
the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be 
made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution, the following provisions shall apply in respect of the

--- Page 96 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 92 - 
47-41059079 
 
Notes but are subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and 
regulations of Italy in force from time to time and, where applicable Italian law so 
requires, the Issuer’s by laws: 
(i) 
a meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the Issuer and/or the Noteholders’ 
Representative (as defined below) and shall be convened by either of them upon 
the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one twentieth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(ii) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held (subject to any mandatory laws, 
legislation, rules and regulations of Italian law, as well as the Issuer’s by-laws, 
in force from time to time) if: (a) in respect of a meeting convened to pass a 
resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, there are one or more persons present 
being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes; or (b) in respect of a meeting 
convened to pass a resolution that does not relate to a Reserved Matter, (i) in 
the case of a sole meeting (convocazione unica), there are one or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes, (ii) in the case of a first meeting 
(prima convocazione), there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding at least one-half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes, (iii) in the case of a second meeting (seconda 
convocazione), there are one or more persons present being or representing 
Noteholders holding more than one-third of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes or (iv) in the case of any subsequent adjourned meeting 
(convocazioni successive), there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes; provided that the Issuer’s by-laws may in each 
case (to the extent permitted under the applicable laws and regulations of the 
Republic of Italy) provide for a higher quorum; and 
(iii) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution at any meeting 
(including any adjourned meeting) convened to vote on any resolution will be 
(a) for voting on any matter other than a Reserved Matter, one or more persons 
holding or representing at least two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting or (b) for voting on a Reserved 
Matter, the higher of (i) one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, and 
(ii) one or more persons holding or representing not less than two thirds of the 
Notes represented at the meeting, provided that, to the extent permitted under 
applicable provisions of Italian law, the Issuer’s by-laws may in each case 
provide for higher majorities. Any resolution duly passed at any such meeting 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting and on all Couponholders. 
(b) 
Noteholders’ Representative: a representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante 
comune) (the "Noteholders’ Representative"), subject to applicable provisions of 
Italian law, may be appointed pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order 
to represent the Noteholders’ interests under these Conditions and to give effect to 
resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the Noteholders’ Representative 
is not appointed by a resolution of such Noteholders, the Noteholders’ Representative

--- Page 97 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 93 - 
47-41059079 
 
shall be appointed by a decree of the court where the Issuer has its registered office at 
the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the directors of the Issuer. 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three 
years but may be reappointed again thereafter. 
(c) 
Modification: the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree, without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any provision of the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct 
a manifest error and (ii) any other modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach, of any provision of the Agency Agreement which in the 
opinion of the Issuer is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders. These Conditions may be amended by the parties to the Agency 
Agreement, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to correct a 
manifest error. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
Without prejudice to any further formalities and other requirements set out under any 
applicable Italian laws and regulations (including Article 125-bis of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended), notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which 
is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to 
be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com/) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
Noteholders. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the 
"first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i)

--- Page 98 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 94 - 
47-41059079 
 
the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding  
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction  
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law. Conditions 16(a) and 16(b) are 
subject to compliance with mandatory provisions of Italian law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
(a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes).  
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will 
not argue to the contrary.  
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding 
Condition 21(b) (English courts), as an alternative to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
England, the Noteholders may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") 
before any competent courts in the Republic of Italy. 
(e) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and 
any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be 
served on it by being delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th 
Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG or, if different, at its registered office for 
the time being or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at 
such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing 
to the Noteholders. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept 
service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of

--- Page 99 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 95 - 
47-41059079 
 
any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer, appoint a further person in 
England to accept service of process on its behalf within 15 days. Nothing in this 
paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere.

--- Page 100 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 96 - 
47-41059079 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
[Directive (EU) 2016/97/the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own

--- Page 101 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 97 - 
47-41059079 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of 
its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Acea S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300Q3448N041CTH56 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 4 August 2023 [and the supplement[s] 
to the base prospectus dated [●] [●][and [●] [●]]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation")]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation] and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and 
conditions from that base prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 20 July 2022.  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and, save in respect 
of the Conditions, must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 4 August 2023 
[and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [●] [●][and [●] [●]]] (together, the "Base 
Prospectus") in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus constitutes 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  The Conditions are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms are available for viewing at the Issuer’s website (www.acea.it) and will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/).

--- Page 102 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 98 - 
47-41059079 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable 
can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 25 below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [●]]]. 
2. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
 Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
 Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [●] 
(insert date, if applicable)] 
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiplies of [●] in 
excess thereof up to and including [●]]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [●]. 
 
 
(Under current practices of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, unless paragraph 25 
(Form of Notes) below specifies that the 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
is 
to 
be 
exchanged for Definitive Notes "in the 
limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", Notes may only 
be issued in denominations which are 
integral multiples of the lowest Specified 
Denomination and may only be traded in 
such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form.) 
(Note – The Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save 
that the minimum denomination of each

--- Page 103 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 99 - 
47-41059079 
 
Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency)). 
(Notes, including Notes denominated in 
Sterling, in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 
19 
Financial 
Services 
and 
Markets Act 2000 and which have a 
maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[●] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [EURIBOR 
+/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed-Floating Rate]  
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs [13/14/15/16/17] below) 
9. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their principal amount. 
10. 
 Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] [Specify the date 
when any fixed or floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
(Fixed Rate Note Provisions) and 14

--- Page 104 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 100 - 
47-41059079 
 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions) below 
and identify these] 
11. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs [18/19/20/21] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12. 
 [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable 
for the period starting from [●] [and 
including] [●] ending on [but excluding] 
[●]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi)  
Unmatured Coupons void 
Condition 10(f) (Unmatured Coupons 
void) is [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable 
for the period starting from [●] [and

--- Page 105 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 101 - 
47-41059079 
 
including] [●] ending on [but excluding] 
[●]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[●], 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business Day Convention set out in sub-
paragraph (v) below] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of 
each Interest Period (and consequently, 
also adjusts the length of the Interest 
Period and the amount of interest due). In 
relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders 
are 
entitled 
to 
receive 
payment 
of 
interest, 
see 
also 
Condition 10(g) (Payments - Payments on 
business days) and the defined term 
"Payment Business Day".) 
 
(iv) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[[Fiscal Agent]/[an institution other than 
the Fiscal Agent] shall be the Calculation 
Agent]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(Conditions 7(c) (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions – Screen 
Rate Determination) and 7(d)) 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions 
– ISDA Determination) 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
EURIBOR

--- Page 106 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 102 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters]/[EUR-
EURIBOR] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be 
selected from one of: EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 
EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply) (each as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions). 
These 
are 
the 
options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
• Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• Reset Date: 
[•]/[as 
specified 
in 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in [(vi)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• Additional terms relating to the 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 107 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 103 - 
47-41059079 
 
15. 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Interest 
Period(s) 
ending 
on 
(but 
excluding) 
[●], 
then 
calculated 
in 
accordance with paragraph 14 (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) above.] 
16. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [●], 
then 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
paragraph 13 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
above.] 
17. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[The 
greater of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes and (ii) the Make-
Whole Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 108 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 104 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-
Whole amount) 
[[●] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference 
Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-
Whole amount) 
[insert applicable reference bond]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reference 
Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-
Whole amount) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
20. 
 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[(i) 
Change of Control 
Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:] 
[●] [per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
22. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●][per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
per Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons:  
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
24. 
Early Termination Amount per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

--- Page 109 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 105 - 
47-41059079 
 
25. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] 
days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice]* 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
(*Notes may only be issued pursuant to 
this option in amounts equal to the 
Specified 
Denomination 
or 
integral 
multiples thereof) 
26. 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
27. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
28. 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No]. [As the Notes have more than 
27 coupon payments, talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Acea S.p.A.: 
 
By: ....................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 110 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 106 - 
47-41059079 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] 
made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [(specify 
relevant regulated market)] with effect 
from [●].]/[Not Applicable]2 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue 
need to indicate that original securities 
are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses of 
admission to trading: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]3 
2. 
 RATINGS 
[The Notes are not expected to be 
rated]/[The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated: 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.]  
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation including option to refer to 
any endorsement or certification under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
 
2  
Insert "Not Applicable" where the Notes are not to be admitted to trading. 
3  
Insert "Not Applicable" where the Notes are not to be admitted to trading.

--- Page 111 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 107 - 
47-41059079 
 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of 
credit 
rating 
agency], 
which 
is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
but 
has 
applied 
for 
registration. Details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided 
by the [relevant

--- Page 112 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 108 - 
47-41059079 
 
competent authority] /[European Securities 
and Markets Authority]. / [European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of 
credit 
rating 
agency], 
which 
is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
and 
not 
applied 
for 
registration and details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
established in the EEA and is neither

--- Page 113 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 109 - 
47-41059079 
 
registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of 
credit 
rating 
agency], 
which 
is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK – 
including 
option 
to 
refer 
to 
any 
endorsement or certification under the 
EU CRA Regulation

--- Page 114 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 110 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular UK credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) on [UK FCA's Financial Services 
Register]]. [The rating [insert legal name of 
particular UK credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of EU credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular UK credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation)".] 
[[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (EU)]. 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the 
EEA but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
CRA which is established and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of EU credit rating agency], which is

--- Page 115 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 111 - 
47-41059079 
 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") [and] [insert legal name of UK 
credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")  
 
Option 6 – CRA not established in the 
EEA and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the UK CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA but is certified under [Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")] 
[and] 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in the 
EEA nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating

--- Page 116 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 112 - 
47-41059079 
 
agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. 
May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
[[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether 
such matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger 
the need for a supplement to Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (If the Notes are 
Green Bonds, describe the relevant projects 
to which the net proceeds of the Tranche of 
Notes will be applied or make reference to 
the relevant bond framework to which the 
net proceeds of the Tranche of Notes will 
be applied.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
 YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
 HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[Details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from Reuters]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
 [THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the

--- Page 117 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 113 - 
47-41059079 
 
information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information]./ [Not 
Applicable.]] 
8. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" 
simply means that the Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
 
 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
SA 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[[Not Applicable]/[●] (give name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
identification 
number(s))] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 118 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 114 - 
47-41059079 
 
9. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA 
C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(iii) If syndicated: 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph (iii)) 
 
(a) Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments 
[●] 
 
(b) Stabilising Manager(s) if any 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(c) If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 119 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 115 - 
47-41059079 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
"Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the 
Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by 
the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any 
rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so 
long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and 
(in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the 
Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge 
the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which 
a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN 
the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is 
euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency 
of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 9(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption of the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event) 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the

--- Page 120 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 116 - 
47-41059079 
 
Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation 
to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal 
amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global 
Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing system, except 
that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com/). 
Calculation of interest: The calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Note which is 
represented by a Global Note will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes represented by such Global Note and not by reference to the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 121 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 117 - 
47-41059079 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of any issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, a particular use of proceeds is 
identified, such use of proceeds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If a Tranche of Notes to be issued is described as "Green Bonds", the applicable Final Terms 
will describe the relevant "green" projects to which the net proceeds of the Tranche of Notes 
will be applied and refer to the relevant green bond framework, if any. A Tranche of Notes will 
be described as "Green Bonds" only if the net proceeds of such Tranche of Notes will be used 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, an Eligible Green Project.  
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects falling within the broad categorisation of "Green 
Project" pursuant to the then applicable "Green Bond Principles" published by the International 
Capital Markets Association (ICMA). 
Any green bond framework and any Second-party Opinion will be made available on the 
Issuer’s website4. The green bond framework may also be subject to review and change and 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and 
any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. For 
the avoidance of doubt, none of these documents are incorporated into, or form part of, the 
Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects 
meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
 
 
4
 For 
further 
information, 
please 
refer 
to 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en/investors/financial-structure/green-bond

--- Page 122 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 118 - 
47-41059079 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW 
ACEA S.p.A. ("ACEA", "Acea" or the "Issuer") is a joint stock company (società per azioni) 
incorporated and operating under Italian law. Its registered office and principal place of 
business is at Piazzale Ostiense, 2, 00154 Rome, Italy and it is registered with the Companies’ 
Register of Rome under number 05394801004. ACEA may be contacted by telephone on +39 
0657991. 
ACEA was incorporated on 29 September 1997. Pursuant to Article 3 of its by-laws, the 
corporate existence of ACEA is set to end on 31 December 2050, but this term may be 
extended. 
Pursuant to Article 4 of its by-laws, the main corporate purposes of the Issuer are: (i) the 
procurement, generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electric power and heat deriving 
from an energy source, in accordance with applicable provisions of law; (ii) the integrated 
management of the water resources including the collection, conduction, distribution, 
sewerage, purification and treatment as well as protection, monitoring and expansion of water 
basins; (iii) the management of public fountains and ornamental fountains; (iv) the planning, 
implementation and management of systems for public lighting as well as traffic lights and 
circulation-linked systems; and (v) the promotion, the diffusion and the implementation of 
actions and plants supplied with renewable and similar energy sources. 
The ordinary shares of ACEA have been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since 1999. As 
at 1 August 2023, ACEA had a market capitalisation of Euro 2,344,743,549, ACEA has been 
assigned a Baa2 issuer rating with a "negative outlook" by Moody’s and a BBB+ long-term 
issuer default rating with a "negative outlook" by Fitch, a subsidiary of Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
Moody’s and Fitch are established in the European Union and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, Fitch and Moody’s are included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published 
by 
the 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
available 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. 
ACEA is the parent company of an integrated group consisting of ACEA and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (collectively, the "Group" or the "ACEA Group"). The Group is an industrial 
group active in the management of energy, environmental and water services: the production, 
sale and distribution of energy, the development of renewable energy sources, the disposal and 
creation of energy from waste, public lighting and an integrated water service (aqueducts, 
sewerage and purification). The Group mainly operates in Italy (primarily in Rome as well as 
throughout other parts of Italy) and, to a lesser extent, with respect to the water sector, outside 
Italy (Honduras, Peru, Colombia and the Dominican Republic). 
The Group provides services in, and focuses on, the consolidation and creation of value from, 
seven main business areas: 
− water sector, carrying out the activities of collection, transportation, distribution, 
treatment and sewerage; 
− energy infrastructure sector, carrying out the activities of energy distribution and 
public lighting;

--- Page 123 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 119 - 
47-41059079 
 
− generation, carrying out the activities of power generation, energy efficiency projects 
and energy solutions; 
− commercial and trading sector, carrying out the activities of energy and gas trading, 
sale of electricity and gas and district heating;  
− engineering and services sector, carrying out the activities of laboratory analysis, 
research and planning; 
− environment sector, carrying out the activities of waste to energy and organic waste 
to compost conversion; and 
− overseas, using the Group’s know-how and distinctive expertise in managing 
infrastructure and export the business in which the Group operates (mainly water 
services in Latin America area). 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the consolidated revenues of the ACEA Group 
amounted to approximately Euro 5,138 million (an increase of 29.4 per cent. compared to the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021). For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the 
consolidated EBITDA of the ACEA Group amounted to approximately Euro 1,305 million (an 
increase of 3.9 per cent, compared to the financial year ended 31 December 2021).  
For the six-month period ended 30 June 2023, the consolidated revenues of the ACEA Group 
amounted to approximately Euro 2,296 million (a decrease of 2.2 per cent. compared to the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2022). For the six-month period ended 30 June 2023, the 
consolidated EBITDA of the ACEA Group amounted to approximately Euro 670 million (a 
decrease of 1.8 per cent, compared to the six-month period ended 30 June 2022). 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENTS 
ACEA was founded by the Municipality of Rome as a municipal company in 1909 under the 
original name Azienda Elettrica Municipale ("AEM") for the purpose of providing energy 
services for public and private usage throughout the Municipality of Rome. In 1937, the 
Governor of Rome entrusted AEM with the construction and administration of the municipal 
water system and water distribution network for the city of Rome. AEM was subsequently 
renamed Azienda Governatoriale Elettricità e Acque ("AGEA") and AGEA in 1945 became 
Azienda Comunale Elettricità e Acque ("A.C.E.A."). In 1964, following the expiry of a water 
concession previously held by another operator, the Municipality of Rome transferred to 
A.C.E.A. the assets used to conduct that operator’s water distribution business, notably the 
aqueduct of Marcio, bringing municipal water distribution under its sole control. In 1985, 
A.C.E.A. began water purification activities, servicing a customer base of approximately three 
million residents, which step constituted the foundation of its integrated management services 
for the entire water cycle. In 1989, A.C.E.A. adopted the name of Azienda Comunale Energia 
e Ambiente and took over the management of the public lighting services within the 
Municipality of Rome. Three years later it was transformed from a municipal company 
(azienda municipalizzata) into a special company (azienda speciale) and, with effect from 1 
January 1998, was incorporated as a joint stock company under Italian law no. 142 of 8 June 
1990, adopting its present name (i.e. ACEA S.p.A.).

--- Page 124 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 120 - 
47-41059079 
 
In 2001, ACEA became the third largest electricity distributor in Italy in terms of volumes 
distributed5, acquiring the electricity distribution division for the metropolitan area of Rome 
from Enel Distribuzione S.p.A. 
In 2002, ACEA and Electrabel S.A. ("Electrabel"), a Belgian company and a member of the 
GDFSuez Group (previously the Suez Group), entered into a strategic joint venture (named 
AceaElectrabel) to develop energy activity in Italy: notably, production, trading and sales to 
free market consumers and customers under contract. The first full year of operation of the 
joint venture was 2003. 
In the same year, ACEA and Electrabel, operating through a newly-incorporated company 
EblAcea S.p.A. ("EblAcea") participated in the consortium that purchased Interpower S.p.A. 
("Interpower"), the third and final generation company sold by Enel S.p.A. as part of the 
generation downsizing programme imposed on Enel S.p.A. pursuant to the Bersani Decree. 
Interpower, now renamed Tirreno Power S.p.A., is the fourth largest electricity generator in 
Italy6. 
In the same year, ACEA took over management of the whole sewerage system in Rome. 
In 2004, ACEA launched the integrated water service in the ATO 2 area (Rome – Central 
Latium) and in the same year won the right to manage the service in new areas, consolidating 
its national leadership in water management. ACEA also purchased a stake in Tirreno Power 
S.p.A. in the same year and established a plan to increase energy production.  
In 2006, ACEA purchased A.R.I.A S.p.A. (previously named TAD Energia Ambiente), 
entering the waste to energy market. 
In 2010, the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved a preliminary termination agreement of 
the Acea-Electrabel joint venture between ACEA and GDF Suez Energia Italiana S.p.A. 
("GSEI"). The unwinding of the joint venture between ACEA and GSEI was completed on 31 
March 2011. For further details on this joint venture and its unwinding, please see "Description 
of the Issuer – Principal activities – Energy" below. 
In 2011, ACEA Distribuzione S.p.A., following the admission to an incentive treatment 
granted by the ARERA, started the development of the Smart Grid pilot project. 
On 23 January 2012, the purchase of the Piazzale Ostiense site was completed, taking 
advantage of the opportunity presented by the disposal carried out by Beni Stabili, by 
exercising the right of first offer set out in the lease, for a purchase price equal to Euro 
110,000,000. 
In 2012, in accordance with the general guidelines of the Group strategy aimed at monetising 
the Group’s non-core assets, the Group sold Apollo S.r.l., a company engaged in the 
photovoltaic business, to RTR Capital S.r.l. (a company within the Terra Firma group). 
During the same year, the Group launched Project Acea 2.0 to enable the Issuer to fully 
integrate and manage all business processes using innovative mobile technologies. This 
innovation program was made possible by the new work force management system, a digital 
IT platform – developed by SAP Italia S.p.A. ("SAP") – that allows the Issuer to coordinate 
 
5  
Source: data elaborated by the Issuer’s management on the basis of publicly available information. 
6 
Source: data elaborated by the Issuer’s management on the basis of publicly available information.

--- Page 125 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 121 - 
47-41059079 
 
and monitor its activities and its suppliers in real time. The digitalization process initially 
involved the water networks in Rome and Frosinone and the electricity distribution network in 
Rome.  
On 26 September 2015, ACEA ATO 2 S.p.A. ("ACEA ATO 2") opened its "Operations 
Room", meeting the deadlines set out in the project roadmap planned in its first work order to 
SAP. On 28 September 2015, customers were welcomed at the offices and obtained access to 
services using the new systems. During 2016, other subsidiaries implemented Project Acea 
2.0, introducing innovative management processes and systems.  
On 20 June 2016, Acea Distribuzione S.p.A., in compliance with the provisions of annex A to 
resolution 296/2015/R/com of the AEEGSI, changed its business name to ARETI S.p.A. 
("ARETI"), adopting a new logo for exclusive use by ARETI as of 1 July 2016. 
On 26 October 2020, the Board of Directors of Acea approved the 2020-2024 business plan 
(the “Business Plan”), which supersedes the previous 2019-2022 business plan approved on 2 
April 2019 (the “Previous Business Plan”). For further details and information on the 
Business Plan, please see "Description of the Issuer – Strategy" below. 
On 22 March 2022, Acea closed the agreement with the UK investment fund, Equitix, for the 
sale of a majority interest in its photovoltaic holding company to which ACEA’s photovoltaic 
assets were transferred for a total installed capacity of 105 MW. 
STRUCTURE OF THE GROUP 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group, which, as of 31 December 2022, was made up 
of 88 companies in which the Issuer holds shares, of which 66 are consolidated on the integral 
method and 22 are consolidated on shareholder’s equity.

--- Page 126 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 122 - 
47-41059079 
 
The following diagram illustrates the main companies of the Group as at 31 December 2022:   
 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
The Issuer exercises corporate, service, direction and control functions and its subsidiaries are 
operating companies in the integrated water services, energy infrastructure, commercial and 
trading of electric power and gas, environment, engineering and services and overseas sectors. 
The above principal activities are reconciled to the Group’s operating segments, which are 
presented consistently in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021, as follows: 
• Water: includes the operations in the Italian Integrated Water Services operating 
segment; 
• Energy infrastructure7: includes the operations in the Distribution and Public Lighting 
operating segments; 
• Generation: includes the operations in the Generation and “Industrial” Energy 
Efficiency operating segments; 
 
7 "Energy Infrastructure" refers to Areti and public lighting. 
E N E R G Y  
I N F R A S T R U C T U R E  
96% 
Acea Ato2 
98% 
Acea Ato5 
99% 
Sarnese Vesuviano 
 
37% Gori 
100% 
Acea Molise 
99% 
Umbria Due Servizi Idrici 
 
40% Servizio Idrico Integrato 
99% 
Ombrone 
 
40% Acquedotto del Fiora 
77% 
Acque Blu Arno Basso 
 
45% Acque 
75% 
Acque Blu Fiorentine 
 
40% Publiacqua 
48% 
G.e.a.l. 
40% 
Umbra Acque 
35% 
Intesa Aretina 
 
46% Nuove Acque 
58% 
Gesesa 
51% 
Adistribuzionegas 
 
55% Notaresco Gas 
38% 
 ASM TERNI 
 
99% Umbriadue Servizi Idrici 
 
40% Servizio Idrico Integrato  
W A TE R 
100% Acea Energia 
 
50% 
Umbria Energy 
 
100% 
Acea Innovation 
100% Acea Energy Management 
C O M M E R C I A L  
&  T R A D I N G  
G E NE RA TI ON 
100%  
Acea Produzione  
 
100% Ecogena 
 
49% 
Energia 
 
100% Acea Solar 
 
 
100% SF Island 
 
 
100% Acea Renewable 2 
 
 
100% Fergas Solar 2 
 
100% Acea Renewable 
 
40% 
Acea Sun Capital 
E N G I NEE R IN G  
100% 
Acea Elabori 
 
70% Simam 
100% 
Technologies Water Services 
44% 
Ingegnerie Toscane 
OVERSEAS 
100% Acea International 
 
100% Acea Dominicana 
 
100% Acea Perù 
 
61% 
Aguas de San Pedro 
 
100% 
Consorcio Acea-Acea Dominicana 
 
44% 
Consorcio Agua Azul 
51% 
Aguazul Bogotà 
ENVIRONMENT 
100% 
Acea Ambiente 
 
100% Demap 
 
90% 
AS Recycling 
 
80% 
Iseco 
 
60% 
Berg 
 
80% 
Cavallari 
 
60% 
Ferrocart 
 
60% 
MEG 
 
70% 
Serplast 
 
100% DECO 
 
 
100% Ecologica Sangro 
 
85% 
Aquaser 
 
85% 
Tecnoservizi 
 
85%  
Italmacero 
 
51% 
Acque Industriali 
50% 
Ecomed 
100% 
Areti

--- Page 127 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 123 - 
47-41059079 
 
• Commercial and trading: includes the operations in the Energy Management, Sale and 
“Retail” Energy Efficiency operating segments; 
• Overseas: includes the operations in the Overseas operating segment; 
• Environment: includes the operations in the Environment (i.e. sludge management, 
treatment, recycling, waste to energy and waste disposal) operating segment; 
• Engineering and services: includes the operations in the Engineering & internal 
consultancy and Laboratory Analysis operating segments. 
The tables in this section set forth the contribution to revenues, costs, income from equity 
investments and gross operating profit (EBITDA) of each of the Group’s lines of business for 
the relevant reference period 8 . Such figures exclude intra-sector transactions between 
subsidiaries belonging to the same line of business, but show intra-group transactions, which 
are condensed with the holding corporate results. 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
 
millions of euro 
Water .....................................................  
669 
655.3 
Energy infrastructure ............................  
352.2 
371.6 
Generation 
89.8 
79.5 
Commercial and trading ........................  
90.0 
80.5 
Environment ..........................................  
101.6 
63.7 
Engineering and services ......................  
13.2 
17.3 
Overseas ................................................  
33.0 
27.4 
Corporate/Consolidation Adjs. .............  
(43.7) 
(39.3) 
Consolidated EBITDA ........................  
1,305.0 
1,256.1 
 
 
 
 
8  
In the following tables Revenues, Costs and EBITDA are data rounded to the first decimal figure. Due to this 
rounding the values shown may not correspond exactly to the sum of its parts.

--- Page 128 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 124 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
 
INTEGRATED WATER SERVICES AND GAS DISTRIBUTION 
The Group is the leading provider of integrated water services to the Italian water market and 
the largest operator in Italy with a current customer base of approximately, 9,000,000 Italian 
residents representing approximately 15 per cent. of the entire Italian market.  
In 2022, revenues from integrated water services amounted to Euro 1,374.4 million with an 
increase equal to Euro 136.5 million (11.0 per cent.) compared to the previous year (Euro 
1,237.9 million).  
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personal costs, Income from 
equity investments and EBITDA of the Group’s integrated water services business segment 
for the financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Integrated Water Services 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
1,374.4 
1,237.9 
Costs .................................................. 
705.4 
582.6 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
669.0 
655.3 
 
In Italy, the water sector (as well as the energy sector) is governed by the ARERA (formerly 
AEEGSI), an independent body established under Law no. 481 of 14 November 1995 in order 
to regulate and control the electricity and gas sectors. The district public authorities (the 
Autorità di Ambito Territoriale Ottimale or ATO9), in accordance with the provisions of the 
ARERA, give recommendations on the water tariff for the district subject to approval of the 
ARERA. 
Integrated water services in Italy are managed by ACEA under the concession regime (in 
regime di concessione) in the following Italian regions: 
(1) 
Lazio, where ACEA ATO 2 and ACEA ATO 5, respectively, provide their services in 
the provinces of Rome and Frosinone; 
(2) 
Campania, where Gori S.p.A. (“Gori”) and Gesesa S.p.A. (“Gesesa”), respectively, 
provides water services in part of the province of Salerno and in part of the province of 
Naples and in the provinces of Avellino and Benevento; 
(3) 
Tuscany, where the Group operates in the province of Pisa through Acque S.p.A., in 
the province of Florence through Publiacqua S.p.A., in the province of Arezzo through 
Nuove Acque S.p.A., in the provinces of Siena and Grosseto through Acquedotto del 
Fiora S.p.A. and in the province of Lucca through Geal S.p.A.;  
 
9  
For a detailed description of the ATO and the water tariff mechanism, please see "Regulation" below.

--- Page 129 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 125 - 
47-41059079 
 
(4) 
Umbria, where the Group operates in the province of Perugia through Umbra Acque 
S.p.A. and in the province of Terni through Umbriadue Servizi Idrici S.c.a.r.l. and 
Servizio Idrico Integrato S.c.p.a.; and 
(5) 
Molise, where the Group operates in the province of Campobasso through ACEA 
MOLISE S.r.l. 
The service provided by the Group comprises (i) the management of the entire cycle of 
integrated water services from withdrawal at the springs to transportation via aqueducts and 
the water network, (ii) the distribution of water to end users and (iii) the purification of waste 
water in treatment plants.  
Management of Water Services in Lazio 
ATO 2 Central Lazio 
The ACEA Group manages, as the sole operator, the integrated water services of ACEA ATO 
2, covering Rome and its province, one of the largest Italian integrated water districts in terms 
of geographic area.  
Supply sources supply drinking water are about 3,700,000 inhabitants of Rome and Fiumicino 
and 106 Municipalities of Lazio, through five aqueducts and a system of pipelines under 
pressure. Three additional sources of supply provide the resource not drinking water to be 
introduced into the Rome watering network. 
 
In 2022, ACEA ATO 2, in order to safeguard the sources of supply and implement an 
increasingly sustainable management of water resources, completed the study of the 
availability, in quantitative terms, of potential groundwater resources and the possible impacts 
related to the withdrawal of water resources through the monitoring of several variables and 
the implementation of appropriate interpretative models. One of the key goals of the Issuer is 
to reduce physical and commercial losses and improve network efficiency. The Issuer keeps 
implementing actions to achieve this goal. 
 
In particular, in 2022: 
 
• although the summer season was particularly dry, with water resources below the 25th 
percentile in recorded history, the efficiency initiatives implemented by the company 
made it possible to significantly reduce withdrawals of water directly from the 
environment and consequently limit supply problems. In fact, only the municipality of 
Percile, which was also recently acquired, made use of nocturnal water shifts; 
 
• the districting of an additional 1,373 km of the water network was completed. The 
purpose of districting networks, namely the delimiting of the distribution districts (or 
measurement districts), is to make the network operations more efficient, controlling 
in detail the level of the losses in the individual districts and guide the instrumental 
research activities for their reduction. Overall, as of 31 December 2022, there were 
approximately 12,967 km of districted water pipes with continuous remote monitoring; 
 
• the search for hidden leaks was carried out through a punctual and systematic analysis 
of the networks according to the anomalies emerging from the monitoring of the water 
districts implemented;

--- Page 130 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 126 - 
47-41059079 
 
• pressure regulator devices were installed in order to actively manage water pressure 
and reduce pipe bursts across the distribution network; one such device is the regulation 
hub at Colle Oppio (Rome), which has improved the efficiency of the water service 
across a wide area of Rome’s 1st municipal district;  
 
• implementation of remote monitoring of meters installed at supply sources continued, 
with the aim of optimising the quality of process measurement and the timeliness of 
measurement acquisition for the purpose of preparing correct water balance; 
 
• actions aimed at ensuring the administrative regularisation of cases of unlawful 
withdrawals, supplies not reactivated, contracts not correctly transferred from previous 
managements, etc., continued, including by employing new strategies. 
 
As at 31 December 2022, ACEA ATO 2 managed a total of approximately over 7,000 
kilometres of sewerage network, 653 sewerage pumping stations - of which 178 in the Roma 
Capitale area - and a total of 161 waste treatment plants – 31 of which in the Roma Capitale 
area - for a total quantity of treated water equal to 578.2 Mmc (data referring to managed 
treatment plants only). ACEA ATO 2 manages the waste treatment system and pumping 
stations that serve the network and sewage trunk lines.  
 
As of 31 December 2022, the six main treatment plants had treated a volume of water equal to 
about 16.06 Mmc, in line with the volume treated during 2021 (16.37Mmc). 
  
In 2022, the programme of real-time monitoring of the flow rates treated by the plants 
continued, which to date have reached a total of 578.2 Mmc out of 160 managed plants. 
 
Having overcome the critical issues dictated by the sludge emergency and the COVID-19 
emergency, there are no critical situations and the overall downward trend in production is 
confirmed, mainly due to the reduction of sludge as a result of the construction of drying plants 
and the optimisation of anaerobic digestion processes in the main plants, as well as the 
construction of ozonolysis installations. 
 
With regard to analytical certificates for sludge and waste, in 2022 there was a slight decrease 
in the number of analyses carried out by Acea Elabori (external certified laboratory) compared 
to the average for the same period in previous years, also as a result of the lack of parallel 
special sampling by the Regional Environmental Protection Agency (“ARPA”) due to the 
COVID-19 emergency, while the number of determinations reported on most analytical 
certificates has increased (more extensive types analysed). 
 
ATO 5 South Lazio – Frosinone  
ACEA ATO 5, ACEA’s 98.45 per cent. owned subsidiary, is the company which manages the 
integrated water services of ATO 5 Southern Lazio – Frosinone covering a geographic area 
with a population of approximately 489,000 inhabitants and 86 municipalities (the 
management of the Municipality of Paliano still remains to be acquired, while the 
Municipalities of Conca Casale and Rocca D’Evandro are "outside the scope"). As of 31 
December 2022, ACEA ATO 5 covered a population of approximately 455,164 inhabitants, 
with a service coverage of approximately 93% of the territory. The number of users is 200,091. 
The company is also responsible for all other related, resulting or associated water activities.

--- Page 131 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 127 - 
47-41059079 
 
The water supply and distribution network cover more than 6,170 km and has a sewerage 
network of around 1,802 km which manages the return of the treated water to the environment.   
The sewerage-purification system comprises a network of sewers and trunk lines connected to 
122 waste treatment terminals. ACEA ATO 5 manages 232 sewage pumping plants and 127 
treatment plants.  
With regard to 2022, the digitalisation of the networks in the managed area continued, with the 
inclusion of data in the GIS - Geographic Information System. According to the 2019-2022 
plan for significant activities, as of 31 December 2022 the size of the water network is 6,170 
total km (1,207 km of water supply network plus 4,963 km of distribution network). 
Management of water services in Campania 
Gori, a joint-stock company in which ACEA’s 99.16 per cent. owned subsidiary Sarnese 
Vesuviano S.r.l. holds 37.05 per cent., is the company which manages the integrated water 
services of ATO 3 of the Campania region, known as the "Sarnese Vesuviano" area, where it 
provides water services in the northern part of the province of Salerno and in the southern part 
of the province of Naples. Gori provides integrated water services, which cover an area of 
approximately 900 square kilometres with a population of approximately 1.47 million 
inhabitants. A total of 5,141 km of water network is currently managed, consisting of 869 km 
of primary abstraction network and 4,272 km of distribution network, and a 2,625 km drainage 
system.  
Gori currently manages 13 water sources, 114 wells, 201 tanks, 118 water pumping stations, 
201 wastewater pumping stations and 12 waste treatment plants. 
Gori provides integrated water services on the basis of an agreement entered into on 30 
September 2002 between Gori and the Water District Authority of Sarnese Vesuviano, which 
has a duration of 30 years. 
Gesesa, a joint stock company which operates in the Sannita District, promotes and develops 
the initiative for the Management of the Integrated Water Service in Municipalities in the 
Province of Benevento.  
Gesesa manages the Integrated Water Service in 22 Municipalities in the province of 
Benevento for a total resident population of about 120,000 inhabitants spread over an area of 
about 710 square kilometres with a water infrastructure of about 1,547 km, a sewerage network 
of 553 km and about 332 plants managed. The total number of user accounts amounts to about 
57,405, for which 2022 consumption was estimated at about 7.7 million cubic metres of water. 
The sewerage service is provided to approximately 80% of users while the purification service 
reaches about 40% of users. 
Gesesa began to establish the foundations consistent with the resolutions of the board for a 
new path of growth and development aimed at achieving strategic objectives that provide for 
the company’s growth. For these reasons, the investments also focused on the improvement 
and adaptation of the sewerage systems and the restructuring of the treatment plants and the 
preliminary design of those not yet present in the territory. 
In May 2020, following a decision by the Public Prosecutor at the Court of Benevento, 12 
Gesesa purification plants were seized with the appointment of a judicial administrator. Gesesa

--- Page 132 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 128 - 
47-41059079 
 
has expressed its willingness to bear costs for significant purification activities. The Court of 
Benevento therefore gave its approval to carry out these activities. Gesesa also had a private 
audit carried out with reference to 18 other managed purification plants and not subjected to 
seizure, in order to identify any necessary actions to improve the purification results. 
Subsequently, the purification activities relating to the sequestered plants were started. In 
particular, during the meeting, held on November 2021, of the technical advisory committee 
set up to manage the agreed activities, the timing of the necessary interventions was 
redetermined as of 31 March 2022, largely due to delays in the supply of materials encountered 
due to the Covid Emergency, with an increase of approximately 15% of the estimated cost of 
the works (which amounts to approximately Euro 800,000).  
In November 2021, the competent Court ordered the seizure of money, for confiscation 
purposes, of fungible assets, real estate and anything else of patrimonial value in Gesesa’s 
availability, up to a value of over Euro 78,000,000, with appointment of a judicial 
administrator. Gesesa immediately challenged this provision and the request for review was 
fully accepted by the Court on 21 December 2021 and, consequently, the preventive seizure 
decree was cancelled, with the consequent release of the assets and their subsequent return to 
the company.  
Upon completion of the activities, the judicial administrator filed a specific report with the 
Public Prosecutor acknowledging the positive conclusion of the plant’s re-functionalization 
activities. In the light of such report, the Public Prosecutor: on the one side, with a provision 
dated 9 September, considered the requirements that gave rise to the appointment of the judicial 
administrator to have ceased; on the other side, the release of the purification plants from the 
seizure was not ordered due to the lack of the conditions for such release. 
Consequently, the competent Court confirmed the permanence of the seizure of the purification 
plants. Since the public prosecutor has not contested the provision of the Court of Benevento, 
the latter became final. In relation to the criminal proceeding, in June 2022, the company was 
notified of the conclusion of the preliminary investigations and the preliminary hearing was 
set for 23 January 2023, then postponed to 26 June 2023. In February 2023, the company filed 
a request for release from seizure of the purification plants. The Court did not accept this 
request as the public prosecutor represented the need to carry out further investigations (to be 
performed by the competent judicial police) with reference to the systems. 
Management of water services in Tuscany 
Acque S.p.A. ("Acque") is the company that manages the integrated water services of ATO 2 
Tuscany – Basso Valdarno covering a geographic area with a population of approximately 
734.798 inhabitants and 57 municipalities in 2022, in the provinces of Florence, Lucca, Pisa, 
Pistoia and Siena. The water network covers nearly 6,066 km and the sewerage network is 
approximately 3,080 km long (with 150 linked treatment plants. ACEA’s interest in Acque is 
through its 76.67 per cent. owned subsidiary, Acque Blu Arno Basso S.p.A. (after the purchase 
from Consorzio Toscano Cooperative of its one per cent. stake in Acque Blu Arno Basso 
S.p.A.), which in turn holds 45 per cent. of the share capital of Acque.  
Acque supplies integrated water services on an exclusive basis in ATO 2 Tuscany on the basis 
of an agreement signed on 28 December 2001 (that came into effect on 1 January 2002) 
between Acque and the Water District Authority of Basso Valdarno, which has a duration of 
20 years.

--- Page 133 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 129 - 
47-41059079 
 
On 11 February 2015, the Water Regional Authority of Tuscany agreed upon the proposal 
submitted by the company to extend the concession period to 2026, and on 6 April 2016, an 
agreement was signed which confirmed such extension of the concession period. The Board of 
Directors of the Water Regional Authority of Tuscany approved the 2018-2019 tariff proposal, 
the update of the works programme, the updating of the economic and financial plan and the 
extension of the duration of the concession of service from the previous deadline of 31 
December 2026 to the new deadline of 31 December 2031. On 9 October 2018, with Resolution 
no. 502/2018/R/Idr Arera approved the tariff proposal. The new Tariff plan with the end of the 
concession on 31 December 2031, compared to the previous plan with the end of the 
concession on 31 December 2026, contains the forecast of greater investments in service 
infrastructure and more contained tariff increases. 
On 18 December 2020, the executive council of the Water Regional Authority of Tuscany, 
with Resolution no. 7, approved the tariff proposal for the period 2020-2023 (according to the 
ARERA Resolution 580/2019/R/idr of 27 December 2019) submitted for ARERA’s approval. 
On 28 September 2021 with Resolution No 404/2021/R/IDR, ARERA approved this proposal. 
As of 1 January 2022 Acque has taken over from Acque Toscane in the management of the 
water service in the municipalities of Montecatini and Ponte Buggianese. 
Publiacqua S.p.A. ("Publiacqua"), in which ACEA’s 75.01 per cent. owned subsidiary Acque 
Blu Fiorentine S.p.A. holds 40 per cent., is the company that manages the integrated water 
services of ATO 3 Tuscany – Medio Valdarno with an area of approximately 3,762 square 
kilometres. The area includes 46 municipalities, including the provinces of Pistoia, Prato and 
Florence, and comprised approximately 1,297,368 inhabitants in 2022.  
Publiacqua supplies integrated water services on the basis of an agreement signed on 20 
December 2001 (that came into effect on 1 January 2002) between Publiacqua and the Water 
District Authority of Medio Valdarno, which has a duration of 20 years. The water network 
covers nearly 6,907 km and the sewerage network is approximately 3,820 km long with 128 
linked treatment plants.  
With regard to tariffs for the period 2020-2023, on 26 June 2020, the Water Regional Authority 
of Tuscany approved the tariffs for the third regulatory period (2020-2023) and promptly sent 
the tariff proposal to ARERA. Substantially, the regulatory economic and financial plan 
highlighted a tariff trend, and consequently a guaranteed revenue constraint that is constant 
over time, with application only of annual inflation. On 16 February 2021, with Resolution no 
59/2021/R/idr, ARERA approved the tariff framework for the 2020-2023 period. Following 
said resolution, on 31 March 2021, the Tuscan Area Governing Body (AIT) and Publicacqua 
entered into an agreement which approved the extension of the concession to 31 December 
2024. 
On February 2023, the Water Regional Authority of Tuscany approved the tariffs review for 
the period 2020-2021. This act provides an increase of guaranteed revenue by 3 per cent. for 
the period 2023-2024, the approval by ARERA will probably come in June 2023. 
Acquedotto del Fiora S.p.A. ("Acquedotto del Fiora" or "AdF"), in which ACEA’s 99.51 per 
cent. owned subsidiary Ombrone S.p.A. holds 40 per cent., is the company that manages the 
integrated water services of ATO 6 Ombrone covering a geographic area of approximately 
7,600 square kilometres in the provinces of Siena and Grosseto with a population of

--- Page 134 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 130 - 
47-41059079 
 
approximately 388,000 inhabitants in 2021 that increases, during the summer season, to 
approximately 636,355 inhabitants.  
Acquedotto del Fiora supplies integrated water services, on an exclusive basis in ATO 6 
Ombrone, on the basis of an agreement signed on 28 December 2001 between Acquedotto del 
Fiora and the Water District Authority of Ombrone. The concession term is 25 years from 1 
January 2002, and in 2020 it was extended until 2031.  
Nuove Acque S.p.A., in which ACEA’s 35 per cent. owned subsidiary Intesa Aretina S.c.a.r.l. 
holds 46.16 per cent., is the company that manages the integrated water services of ATO 4 – 
Alto Valdarno ("ATO 4") covering a geographic area of approximately 3,270 square 
kilometres with a population of approximately 300.000 inhabitants. The area includes 37 
municipalities in the province of Arezzo.  
Nuove Acque S.p.A. supplies integrated water services, on an exclusive basis in ATO 4, on 
the basis of an agreement signed on 1 June 1999 between the company and the Water District 
Authority of Alto Valdarno. The concession term is set until 2029. 
ACEA directly maintains a presence in ATO 1 – Northern Tuscany, holding a 48.00 per cent. 
stake in GEAL S.p.A. ("GEAL"), which is the only operating subsidiary. GEAL is the 
integrated water services operator in the municipal territory of Lucca, on the basis of a 
concession between the company and the Municipality of Lucca expiring on December 2025. 
Management of water services in Umbria 
Umbra Acque S.p.A. ("Umbra Acque"), in which ACEA holds a 40 per cent. stake, manages 
the integrated water services of ATO 1 Perugia with a geographic area of 4,300 square 
kilometres, approximately 494,272 inhabitants in 2021 and 38 municipalities. The water 
network covers nearly 6,358 km and the sewerage network is approximately 1,853 km long, 
with 124 linked treatment plants. Umbra Acque provides integrated water services on the basis 
of an agreement entered into on 18 December 2002 between Umbra Acque and Water District 
Authority of Perugia that came into effect on 1 January 2003, which has a duration of 25 years. 
Umbra Acque’s concession will expire on 31 December 2031.  
On July 2015, the board of directors of Umbra Acque passed a resolution to buy one per cent. 
of Aquaser’s share capital. 
The Issuer holds a 99.4 per cent. interest in Umbriadue Servizi Idrici S.c.a.r.l. ("U2") through 
ASM Terni. U2 holds, in turn, a 40 per cent. stake in Servizi Idrici Integrati S.c.p.a., the 
integrated water services operator in the province of Terni – ATO 4 of Umbria.  
On 16 November 2020, Acea entered into an agreement for the acquisition of an additional 
equity holding of 15% of the share capital of Servizio Idrico Integrato S.c.p.a., thus bringing 
its shareholding in such company to 40%, with a line-by-line consolidation as of that date, after 
an amendment to the shareholders’ agreements. 
Management of Gas Distribution 
On 18 March 2019, ACEA completed the acquisition of 51% of the share capital, held by Alma 
C.I.S. S.r.l. and Mediterranea Energia SCARL in Pescara Distribuzione Gas S.r.l. (“Pescara 
Distribuzione”), active in the distribution of methane gas in the Municipality of Pescara.

--- Page 135 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 131 - 
47-41059079 
 
On 31 August 2020, ACEA completed the acquisition of 51% of the share capital of Alto 
Sangro Distribuzione S.r.l. (“Alto Sangro”) (with a line-by-line consolidation of 51% of such 
company), which operates in the distribution of methane gas. Alto Sangro is present in 24 
municipalities in the province of L’Aquila. 
On 3 August 2021, Pescara Distribuzione was merged by incorporation into Alto Sangro, 
which at the same time changed its name to AdistribuzioneGas (“AdG”). 
As at 31 December 2021, AdG owned the gas distribution infrastructure, consisting in 868 km 
and almost 95,000 grid points, in part of the provinces of Pescara and L’Aquila. 
On 1 May 2022, AdG signed the agreement for the acquisition of a portion of Romeo Gas 
S.p.A. (“Romeo Gas”), a joint venture between A2A, Ascopiave and Acea. The part of Romeo 
Gas owned by Acea is present in different municipalities in the province of Chieti, Salerno, 
Isernia e Campobasso. On 1 October 2022, the partial demerger of Romeo Gas was completed, 
implemented by assigning equity shares in favour of AdG. The purpose of the operation is part 
of an overall corporate reorganisation which guarantees a more efficient management of gas 
distribution concessions.  
As at 31 December 2022, AdG owned the gas distribution infrastructure, consisting in 1672 
km and 125,000 grid points, in part of the provinces of Pescara, L’Aquila, Chieti, Salerno, 
Isernia and Campobasso.  
ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE 
The Group is the third largest electricity distributor in Italy in terms of volumes of energy 
distributed and the second largest operator by number of end users. It distributes electricity to 
the municipality of Rome, serving approximately 2.8 million inhabitants as at 31 December 
2022. The Group also manages the municipality’s public lighting and floodlighting service 
with over 204,676 light points.  
In 2022 revenues from the Energy Infrastructure business segment amounted to Euro 606.5 
million, with a decrease equal to Euro 19.5 million (3.1 per cent.) as compared with the 
previous year (Euro 626 million).  
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personnel costs and 
EBITDA of the Group’s Energy Infrastructure business segment for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Energy Infrastructure 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
606.5 
626 
Costs .................................................. 
254.3 
254.4 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
352.2 
371.6 
 
Energy Distribution 
The Group’s energy distribution activities are operated through ARETI, a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Issuer.

--- Page 136 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 132 - 
47-41059079 
 
ARETI runs the electricity distribution services in the municipalities of Rome and Formello. 
In the municipality of Rome, ARETI serves approximately 1,653,000 users, corresponding to 
approximately 2.8 million inhabitants by means of a grid of cables and overhead lines covering 
more than 31,768 km.  
ARETI also carries out the planning, design, construction and maintenance of high-voltage 
primary distribution plants and medium and low-voltage secondary distribution networks. 
ARETI also manages the cemetery lighting systems in the municipality of Rome.  
As at 31 December 2022, ARETI distributed 9,355 GWh to end customers, slightly up on the 
previous year. 
EBITDA of ARETI for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 increased by 5.2 per cent 
compared to the previous financial year.  
Public Lighting Services 
ACEA manages the public lighting and artistic floodlighting service in the municipality of 
Rome, on the basis of a 30-year concession agreement that will expire in 2027. In March 2011, 
ACEA and the municipality of Rome renewed the service agreement governing performances 
aligning its duration to the concession, with expiration set in 2027. 
Such services include: (i) energy supply; (ii) operation of facilities; (iii) plant repairs and 
extraordinary maintenance; (iv) network modernisation; (v) regulatory compliance of 
facilities; (vi) replacement of former lighting fixtures with light-emitting-diodes (LED) 
luminaires. 
The EBITDA of public lighting for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to 
Euro 0.8 million, an increase of Euro 3.8 million compared to 31 December 2021 due to lower 
personnel expenses (grid integration project - IP) and an increase in the fee charged to the 
Municipality of Rome (due to energy price increases). 
The services were entrusted to ACEA’s wholly owned subsidiary Acea Illuminazione Pubblica 
S.p.A. ("AIP") until December 2016, placed under liquidation on 13 December 2018. 
In the context of the reorganisation of the Group, the partial spin-off of AIP’s business unit 
concerning structures in the technical and operating activities relating to "Rome public 
lighting" in favour of ARETI became effective at the end of December 2016, and such business 
unit has become the vehicle through which the Group takes part in tenders for public lighting 
services.  
In 2022, extraordinary maintenance, modernisation and safety activities agreed with Roma 
Capitale regularly continued, thus creating new lighting points as part of the lighting re-
engineering and development projects. With regard to the public lighting service, following 
the opinion given by the Italian Antitrust Authority (“AGCM”) in Bulletin no. 49 of 14 
December 2020, Roma Capitale began checking the conditions of consistency and economic 
convenience of the relevant performance terms, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the service contract agreement entered into by and between the Public Administration and 
ACEA (and through ARETI), compared to those established pursuant to the so-called “Consip 
Luce 3 Convention”. In addition, on the basis of the positions expressed by the Italian Antitrust 
Authority, Roma Capitale expressed queries over the legitimacy of the award to ACEA. In this

--- Page 137 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 133 - 
47-41059079 
 
regard, with Municipal Board Resolution (D.G.C.) no. 359/2020, Roma Capitale expressly 
acknowledged the AGCM’s opinion and addressed its competent department to achieve a 
termination by agreement of the service contract. On 8 February 2021, Roma Capitale 
communicated the results of said checks, affirming the congruity and convenience of the 
economic terms established with respect to the qualitative and economic parameters of the 
Consip Luce 3 Convention. With the same communication, Roma Capitale also confirmed the 
correctness of the prices applied for the public lighting service and ordered the resumption of 
the procedures for payment of the ascertained receivables of ACEA and ARETI with respect 
to the service contract. In July 2021, Roma Capitale undertook to settle the acknowledged 
receivables and, as of 1 June 2022, negotiations between the parties regarding the 
acknowledgement of the sums due and the scheduling of related payments are still ongoing. 
Since 2022, ACEA and Roma Capitale started negotiating terms and conditions of a possible 
settlement of disputes concerning termination of a service contract. As of June 2023, the 
negotiations are still ongoing. 
Technological innovation projects 
2G digital meter project 
In an increasingly advanced technological context, ARETI launched the "2G Digital Meter" 
project, with the aim of replacing the first-generation electricity meter system with the 2G 
Smart Metering system (in compliance with the requirements of the ARERA Resolution 
306/2019/R/eel) (the "2G SMS"). 
In this regard, in April 2019 ARETI launched the procedure for the selection of the supplier of 
the field equipment (meters and concentrators) and the related central purchasing system, 
which ended in September 2019 with the publication of the award. 
The supplier selected for provision of the 2G SMS was Enel Global Infrastructure & Networks. 
On 14 September 2019, ARERA submitted the "request for authorisation to recognise 
investments" (RARI), which was subsequently amended and supplemented. On 30 April 2020, 
ARETI declared the request approved.  
With Resolution no. 293/2020 of 28 July 2020, ARERA approved the 2G SMS from 1 January 
2021 and admitted relevant investments (for specific recognition of capital costs) regarding the 
2G SMS from the same date. 
In 2020, the development of the application map continued unabated and all the latest features 
planned for wave 3 were released into production on 7 August 2020. The progress of the 
development activities of the application map allowed for the release of all the functions 
planned for the date of 10 December 2021. 
With Resolution 105/2021/R/eel, ARERA amended requirement R-4.01 under Annex A to 
Resolution 87/2016, specifying that, in the case of second-generation meters installed at 
withdrawal points equipped with previous meters, the information displayed must show a 
reading of the totals for the months prior to the replacement, for a period of 26 months and 15 
days starting from the replacement. The previous version of the regulation stated “at least” 26 
months and 15 days. This amendment was implemented by 30 July 2021, also with regard to 
the 2G systems already in service.

--- Page 138 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 134 - 
47-41059079 
 
As of 31 December 2022, installations completed totalled around 12,600 concentrators - 
meaning the perimeter of activity was substantially achieved - as well as around 648,000 
metres, with continued delays with respect to the goals set in the RARI, already noted in 
previous quarters. This slowdown was caused by reduced availability of equipment and can be 
quantified at 23% based on 2022 and about 10% on a cumulative 2020-2022 basis. 
At the beginning of 2022, the equipment supplier Gridspertise S.r.l. announced that it was 
unable to meet its planned meter delivery schedule for 2022, due to unavailability of electronic 
components on the international market. A reduction of between 20% and 50% in delivery was 
assumed. As of 30 June 2022, the reduction in deliveries stood at 30% for the most critical 
equipment (2G Singlephase meters). Although Areti was able to offset this reduction in the 
first quarter of 2022 with available inventories, it was forced to reduce the number of monthly 
installations starting in April. 
To ensure compliance with the new measurement processes and the operation of the new 
technology (concentrators and electronic meters), a complex evolution of the Areti application 
map was required. In addition to the introduction and integration of a new system for remote 
management and remote reading of the second-generation field equipment (Beat Suite), it was 
necessary to make changes to the main applications related to logistics and warehouse 
processes, field processes (replacement of the concentrator and first generation meter), 
commercial systems (development and management of the PDFM system), integration systems 
(middleware) and WFM and mobile systems, in addition to the development of a new metering 
acquisition, validation and publication system. 
In particular, the progress of the development of the application map allowed for the release of 
all the functions planned for the wave date of 30 June 2022. 
Areti's single EData Lake 
The third quarter of 2020 saw the consolidation of the ARETI's single EData Lake, an initiative 
launched in 2018 in partnership with SAS Institute with the aim of making data available for 
the business distribution, which has been further extended in 2021. The calculation 
infrastructure operates in the Google Cloud environment. Activities run from the definition of 
a data model to the process of releasing it to an analysis environment, including infrastructure 
management. The current sources for the procurement of data are: SAP HGP, the extranet 
server, third-party FTP servers and specific Oracle databases. 
Network diagnostics and monitoring project  
The project is divided into the following four main lines of action: 
(1) Primary station diagnostics with UGV Drones 
The project involved the development of an unmanned ground vehicle prototype for 
autonomous or remotely piloted inspection of primary stations ("UGV"). The UGV drone has 
sensors for detecting environmental parameters (temperature sensors, partial discharges, 
cameras) and sensors for moving autonomously in the environment (lidar, GPS and cameras). 
It executes inspection plans independently and can be remotely controlled for targeted security 
checks and operations. The system may also transmit inspection information to an operator 
located at a location other than the place of operation.

--- Page 139 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 135 - 
47-41059079 
 
In 2020, activities continued for optimisation of the autonomous prototype, developed in 2019 
for primary station monitoring. As part of this project, a system for transmitting the ultrasonic 
signal of partial discharges was also developed and patented. The system is used when the 
partial discharge sensor and the monitoring instrument cannot be connected by cable.  
In 2021, the construction and testing of an autonomous drone charging station – in which the 
drone is able to park and charge autonomously at the end of its missions – was completed. In 
2022, released developments related to the control room and improvements to on-board sensor 
management resulting from the initial experiment. 
During 2022, testing of the control room and new features for improved on-board sensor 
management resulting from the first trial was completed, and the first rounds of experimental 
inspections in consultation with the network were initiated. 
(2) Substation diagnostics (CS-Plus): 
The project involved testing an integrated IoT (Internet of Things) solution for remote 
monitoring, diagnostics and management services. In 2020, testing with various suppliers led 
to the consolidation of the solution and definition of specifications for the peripheral 
architecture side.  In 2022, testing procedures for smart access control were completed. Field 
experimentation was also completed with the installation on the IoT solution of services for (i) 
access control, (ii) ambient temperature, (iii) transformer temperature, (iv) humidity and (v) 
flooding. 
(3) Overhead line diagnostics 
The project involved the combination of periodic analyses of satellite images, using artificial 
intelligence algorithms (developed to detect man-made and/or vegetation interference), and 
targeted inspections with drones to enable a continuous monitoring of overhead lines. 
During 2020, the platform for management of the process was launched. The process was 
found to be highly innovative both by the Politecnico di Milano university drone observatory 
and space economy observatory. In 2022, installation of the system continued, as did 
optimisation of the platform’s features. The project was also presented by ARETI to a 
conference of the Drone Observatory alongside Eni and Enel.  
Finally, during 2022, the first experimental flight was carried out through the so called “beyond 
visual line of sight” technology. The experiment, which involved Enac and Anav, provided for 
a remotely controlled flight beyond the visual line of sight in the Marcigliana area. The trial 
aims to enable new remote and automated inspection methodologies on overhead power lines 
in non-highly populated settings. 
(4) Public Lighting monitoring 
The project call for the launch of two trials to verify the possibility of identifying lighting 
points in the territory and thereby determine the accuracy of the GSI database, identifying the 
presence of lighting points through the use of new technology. 
• Satellite Analysis Trial: utilises IA analysis of daytime and night-time satellite images to 
identify the correct census of lighting points and their lighting status.

--- Page 140 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 136 - 
47-41059079 
 
•Video Rounds Trial: utilises the detection of the correct census of lighting points and their 
lighting status through night rounds carried out by vehicles equipped with cameras and post-
processing of the images using IA . 
During 2022, the Satellite Analysis Trial was completed, confirming the efficacy of the 
solution to obtain a correct census of all lighting points. However, this solution was found not 
to be suitable for identifying turned off lighting points.  
Primary station automation project 
The main objective of the project is to define a new architecture for the command and control 
protection system of the primary station, oriented towards the reduction/simplification of low 
voltage wiring, the use of standard protocols developed for communication between the 
equipment in the field and the command and control protection system, as well as towards the 
remote control system. 
In addition, in the Collantina site a laboratory was set up to verify communication between the 
peripheral apparatus and the new Enel unified digital protection devices. Tests did not give 
satisfactory results and evaluation is underway of alternative methods to achieve the indicated 
functions. 
Development of Areti telecommunications network 
During the period 2020-2021, the telecommunications network project involved the creation 
of a high-speed and high-reliability fibre-optic network that links all primary stations. These 
represent the main backbone of the network from which all smart-grid services will be 
launched.  
This network structure ensures security and reliability in the transmission of information 
between the centre and the periphery, with the aim of allowing the proper operation of 
technology systems and network management systems, the remote control of equipment 
installed in substations and, where possible, the metering points and other types of sensors in 
order to convey to the central systems. Such network also allows the implementation of 
advanced automation for most substations, in order to significantly improve the quality of the 
electricity service. 
GENERATION 
The Group operates in the electricity generation area, mainly through hydropower, thermal and 
photovoltaic energy generation plants. The Group also produces electricity through 
cogeneration plants, all located in the Lazio region.  
In 2022 revenues from the Generation business segment amounted to Euro 175.3 million, with 
an increase equal to Euro 49.0 million (38.8 per cent.) as compared with the previous year 
(Euro 126.3 million).

--- Page 141 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 137 - 
47-41059079 
 
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personnel costs and 
EBITDA of the Group’s Generation business segment for the financial years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Generation 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
175.3 
126.3 
Costs .................................................. 
85.4 
46.8 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
89.8 
79.5 
 
EBITDA at 31 December 2022 was equal to Euro 89.8 million, an increase of Euro 10.3 million 
compared to 31 December 2021, mainly due to Acea Produzione S.p.A. (“Acea Produzione”), 
as a result of the increase in the prices on the energy markets.  
Energy Generation and Cogeneration 
The Issuer operates in the electricity generation area mainly through Acea Produzione S.p.A. 
("AP"), a subsidiary owned 100 per cent. by the Issuer, carrying out the activities of power 
generation and cogeneration (district heating).  
The production system of AP currently consists of a series of generation plants with total 
installed capacity of 229.2 MW, composed of five hydroelectric plants (three located in Lazio, 
one in Umbria and one in Abruzzo), fifty-two photovoltaic plants (with installed capacity of 
3.1 MWp), two “mini hydro” plants, Cecchina and Madonna del Rosario, two thermoelectric 
power stations, Montemartini and Tor di Valle, the latter consisting of a modern high-
efficiency cogeneration plant, replacing the previous combined cycle plant.  
Tor di Valle’s thermoelectric power station consists of three high-efficiency methane gas 
powered engines (the last one was launched for commercial operation on 9 July 2021), each 
with an electrical power of 9.5 MW, for a total of 28.5 MW, as well as three additional boilers 
and 6 storage tanks. In the current configuration, in addition to selling electricity to the market 
during the most profitable hours, the plant provides for electricity in SEU to the total electricity 
users of the adjoining Rome South Treatment Plant and the thermal energy necessary for the 
supply of district heating service in the districts of Torrino Sud, Mostacciano and 
Mezzocammino in the Municipality of Rome. The plant allows the Company to meet its 
commitments under the capacity market auction award during the 2022 - 2037 period. 
AP is proceeding with the authorisation process for the installation of 2 new cogeneration units, 
with a capacity of 1.5 MW each, which will be powered by the biogas coming from the 
treatment plant located in the south of Rome and will produce electricity to be fed into the grid 
and thermal energy that will be supplied to the treatment plant and partly fed into the district 
heating grid. 
In 2022, AP generated a volume of 442.4 GWh through the directly owned power plants. 
During the period, AP's production was subdivided into hydroelectric plant production of 326.7 
GWh, production from mini-hydro plants of 3.2 GWh, thermoelectric production of 109.6 
GWh and photovoltaic production of 2.9 GWh. AP's production mix is mainly from renewable 
sources with “green” production, representing approximately 81% of the total. In addition,

--- Page 142 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 138 - 
47-41059079 
 
about 60% of total production is incentivised following investments in hydroelectric power 
plants or participation in the “feed-in tariff” scheme for the photovoltaic segment. 
With regard to district heating, AP, through the cogeneration module of the Tor di Valle power 
plant, supplied heat to the Torrino Sud and Mostacciano districts (located in the south of Rome) 
for a total of 63.9 GWht, for a total of 3,581 utilities served (194 condominiums and 3,387 real 
estate units). 
Acea Liquidation and Litigation S.r.l. (formerly Elgasud S.p.A., "Acea LL"), which operates 
in the Puglia and Basilicata regions, was set up on 10 November 2006 under a joint venture 
agreement between Amgas Bari, Amet Trani and AE. After the acquisition by AE of the 49 
per cent. stake formerly indirectly owned by Amgas Bari and Amet Trani on 24 April 2015, 
the company is wholly owned by AE. On 10 December 2015, AE sold the company to the 
Issuer. Acea LL manages also residual photovoltaic plants. Moreover, as a result of the total 
spin-off of ACEA RSE, the tangible fixed assets consisting of the “Parco della Mistica” 
photovoltaic plant with a total installed power of 4,972 kWp were transferred to Acea LL. 
In 2019, the ACEA Group established two new companies, wholly owned (indirectly) by Acea, 
operating in the photovoltaic sector: Acea Solar S.r.l. (“Acea Solar”), for the development of 
greenfield projects, and Acea Sun Capital S.r.l., for the acquisition of existing photovoltaic 
plants.  
During the second half of 2019, Acea Sun Capital S.r.l. completed the acquisitions of several 
photovoltaic plants incentivised by the feed-in tariff for a total installed capacity of 
approximately 28 MWp. The most significant portfolio refers to the acquisition of 65% of the 
share capital of six vehicle companies owning 18 photovoltaic plants, with a total installed 
capacity of about 20MWp, which were owned by the Belenergia group.  
In 2020, in accordance with the provisions of the Business Plan, the ACEA Group continued 
to acquire companies in the photovoltaic market. As at 31 December 2020, the ACEA Group 
acquired 18 companies, including PF Power of Future S.r.l., IFV ENERGY S.r.l. and Euroline 
3 S.r.l., for a total installed capacity of approximately 33.6 MW. Moreover, during the first 
half of the 2020, Acea acquired 49.9% of Energia S.p.A.'s capital was acquired, with a total 
installed capacity of 7.7 MW.  
In July 2020, the ACEA Group acquired 49% of Belaria S.r.l., with an installed capacity of 3.0 
MW. ACEA also completed the acquisition of Fergas Solar S.r.l., which is the owner of a 
single authorisation for the construction of a 20MW solar power plant in Basilicata, and 
obtained an authorisation for the construction of a 5MW power plant on its own industrial land 
in Lazio (for a 15MW portfolio in Lazio). In the development of greenfield photovoltaics, 
ACEA is also carrying out a balanced mix of projects, with particular attention to areas of an 
industrial nature, and has a total of over 400MW in the pipeline.  
As part of the corporate reorganisations of the energy infrastructure segment, in July 2020, the 
ACEA Group completed the merger of certain photovoltaic companies. 
On 21 March 2021, Acea entered into an agreement for the acquisition of an additional equity 
holding of 35% of the share capital of Solaria Real Estate S.r.l. (“Solaria RE”), thus bringing 
its shareholding in such company to 100%. Furthermore, on 27 July 2020, Acea carried out the 
merger by incorporation of Brindisi Solar S.r.l., Acquaviva S.r.l., Compagnia Solare 2, 
Compagnia Solare 3 and SPES S.r.l. into Solaria RE.

--- Page 143 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 139 - 
47-41059079 
 
In line with the Business Plan, the Group continued to acquire companies in the photovoltaic 
market during 2021. As at 30 December 2021, 18 companies were acquired for a total installed 
capacity of approximately 62 MW. In addition, during 2021 the Group acquired the entire 
corporate capital of JB Solar S.r.l., M2D, PSL and Solarplant. Furthermore, two new 
companies, Acea Green and Acea Renewable, were established and several plants previously 
owned by Acea Produzione and Acea Solar were transferred to them.  
At the end of 2021, ACEA and Equitix signed an agreement regulating the acquisition by 
Equitix of a 60% stake in a newly established company, in which a portfolio of photovoltaic 
plants owned by Acea Sun Capital and Acea Solar with total installed capacity of 105 MW, 
including 46 MW qualifying for various feed-in tariffs and 59 MW represented by newly built 
plants already connected or in the process of being connected to the national grid are to be 
transferred. On 22 March 2022, closing of such transaction was perfected. 
Ecogena  
As a result of the total spin-off of ACEA RSE on 30 December 2015, Ecogena S.p.A. 
("Ecogena") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AP.  
The operational management of Ecogena mainly focuses on three areas: (i) the consulting in 
the Esco sector and the provision of services related to the increase in the energy efficiency of 
third parties (inside or outside of the ACEA Group); (ii) the supply of energy services through 
the management of cogeneration (or trigeneration) plants and district heating networks and the 
sale of energy produced to customers; and (iii) the coordination of the Group companies with 
regard to energy-efficiency projects.  
The Ecogena's production system is made up of a set of cogeneration plants, combined with 
district heating networks, for a total of 1.9 MW of installed capacity in Lazio (in the first 
quarter of 2021, Alfasigma’s cogeneration plant was sold).  
As at 31 December 2022, Ecogena achieved a production volume of approximately 5.2 GWh 
(electricity), 16.5 GWh (thermal) and 10.6 GWh of refrigeration. 
With regard to Europarco's trigeneration plant, the expansion of the plant has been completed, 
doubling the cooling capacity installed in the plant with a relative increase in electricity. A 
third boiler was also added. The entire project was carried out by reusing and exploiting the 
plants in the Cinecittà World facility, which was then divested. In December 2020, the tender 
procedure for the selection of the supplier - that is required to add a further 400 kW cogenerator 
on the site - was completed. The construction of said cogenerator was completed during the 
course of 2021. 
In April 2020, the new configuration of the Porta di Roma plant was put into operation, 
including a new 3.3 MWt boiler as part of a substantial modification authorised in 2012. The 
plant's management system was also modernised. In September 2020, works on the 
implementation of a further 240 kW boiler at the Saxa Rubra plant, as well as on the renovation 
and upgrading of the plant's remote-control systems were completed. 
On behalf of Acea Innovation, Ecogena performed activities regarding services for design and 
permissions of 16 lots of the ACEA Group mobility plan, which are splitted in different waves: 
• Wave 1 (W1) – Lotto 1-5;

--- Page 144 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 140 - 
47-41059079 
 
• Wave 2 (W2) – Lotto 6 – 13; and 
• Wave 3 (W3) – Lotto 14 – 16.  
Following approval of the commercial offer and preparation of the contact, Ecogena delivered 
plans for charging infrastructure to the competent Department of the Municipality of Rome. 
Regarding the W1, with the determination of 11 November 2020, the Mobility Department 
approved 115 charging stations (WAVE I). 
The Services Conference (Conferenza di Servizi) was followed by the preparation of requests 
for excavations licences for the 87 systems approved in the first phase, which will be followed 
by requests for licences for other 19 systems in the initial months of 2021. In 2022, Ecogena 
obtained 92 excavations licenses and completed 78 installations of charging infrastructures. 
Regarding the W2, with the determination of 26 May 2021, the Mobility Department approved 
182 charging stations (WAVE II). 
The Services Conference (Conferenza di Servizi) was followed by the preparation of requests 
for excavations licences for the 92 systems approved. To 2022, Ecogena obtained 76 
excavations licenses and completed 70 installations of charging infrastructures. 
Ecogena also setted up the activities related to the charging infrastructure for 13 sites (Wave 
II) spread over the territories of two municipalities in the province of Rome (Velletri and Castel 
Gandolfo). 
Regarding the W3, with the determination of 18 May 2022, the Mobility Department approved 
51 charging stations (WAVE III). 
The Services Conference (Conferenza di Servizi) was followed by the preparation of requests 
for excavations licences for the 51 systems approved. In 2022, Ecogena obtained 3 excavations 
licenses and completed 2 installations of charging infrastructures. 
With reference to the cogeneration field, in December 2021, an energy service contract was 
signed with Mondorevive S.p.A., through the construction of a 2 MWe plant. In March 2022, 
the authorization process for the construction of the plant was launched in the Province of 
Varese. The service conference concluded positively in September 2022 and the works (that 
are still in progress) began in October. 
Preliminary checks on other industrial projects are underway, as well as other preparatory 
activities for the evaluation of opportunities in the photovoltaic and cogeneration fields, which 
envisage the construction of plants in ESCO mode, with the provision of energy services to the 
end customers. 
COMMERCIAL AND TRADING 
The Issuer operates in the Commercial and Trading business segment through the following 
main subsidiaries:  
− Acea Energia S.p.A. ("AE" or "Acea Energia"), a wholly-owned subsidiary, carrying 
out the activities of sales of electricity and gas and related services to final users and,

--- Page 145 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 141 - 
47-41059079 
 
after the merger with Acea Energia Holding S.p.A. ("AEH") in 2014, also the activities 
of trading energy, gas and heat in the domestic and international market;  
− Acea Energy Management S.r.l. ("AEMA"), a wholly-owned subsidiary established on 
16 October 2015 whose corporate purpose is the supply of electricity, gas and fuel to 
the customers of the Group, as well as the management and optimisation of the energy 
portfolio. AEMA handles the commercial relations with the main national and foreign 
suppliers of electricity and gas and oversees the management of energy consumption 
levels; 
− Acea Innovation S.r.l. ("AI"), a wholly-owned subsidiary focused on a new energy 
business, based on (i) e-mobility, through the installation and management of charging 
infrastructures and the provision of related services, (ii) energy efficiency, through the 
design and execution of energy efficiency projects for houses/condominiums and for 
B2B clients, (iii) smart compost, through the installation and management of innovative 
circular economy solutions for organic waste treatment via composting. 
 
In 2022, revenues from the Commercial and Trading business segment amounted to Euro 
3,159.7 million, with an increase equal to Euro 1,081.3 million (52 per cent.) as compared with 
the previous year (Euro 2,078.3 million). 
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating costs and personnel costs, and 
EBITDA of the Group’s Commercial and Trading business segment for the financial years 
ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Commercial and Trading 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
3,159.7 
2,078.3 
Costs .................................................. 
3,069.7 
1,997.8 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
90 
80.5 
 
The Commercial and Trading business segment, responsible for the management and 
development of electricity and gas sales and related customer relationship activities, as well as 
the Group’s energy management policies, closed 2022 with an EBITDA of Euro 90 million, 
an increase of Euro 9.5 million compared to 2021. The increase is mainly attributable to Acea 
Energia, as a result of the increase in energy and gas margins and other revenues, partially 
offset by a worsening in costs of materials and overheads and personnel costs. 
Energy Management 
AE carries out the energy management activities for the Group, in particular with respect to 
sale and production. 
AE may act directly as the contractor, pursuant to art. 7 of Legislative Decree No. 50 of 18 
April 2016, under the relevant supply contracts from affiliate companies belonging to the 
Group which were also the contracting entities.

--- Page 146 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 142 - 
47-41059079 
 
The company also liaises with the energy market operator ("GME", "Market Operator" or 
"Gestore del Mercato") and with Terna S.p.A. ("Terna"). In relation to Terna, AE is the 
shipper for dispatching on behalf of AP and other companies in the ACEA Group. 
It performs the following main activities: 
• the optimisation and assignment of electricity produced by the Tor di Valle and 
Montemartini thermoelectric plants and by the S. Angelo hydroelectric plant;  
• the negotiation of fuel procurement contracts for the power generating plants for Tor 
di Valle plant; 
• the supply of natural gas and electricity for the sales companies of the Group to end 
customers; 
• the optimisation of the electricity and energy procurement portfolios, as well as the 
management of the risk profile of the Energy area companies. 
In 2022, Acea Energia purchased electricity from the market for a total of 8,240GWh, of which 
5,828 GWh through bilateral contracts and 2,412 GWh through the power exchange, in order 
to resell it to end customers of the free market and to optimise the energy flows and the 
purchasing portfolio.  
Electricity and gas sales 
As far as the commercial market is concerned, the retail portfolio continues to grow and the 
quality of service improved. 
In 2022, AE sold electricity on the standard-offer market for a total of 1,391 GWh, with a 
17.9% reduction on a trend basis. The number of withdrawal points totalled 661,231 (719,380 
at 31 December 2021). The sale of electricity on the free market amounted to 5,986 GWh for 
Acea Energia and 345 GWh for Umbria Energy S.p.A., for a total of 6,331 GWh, with a 
decrease compared to last year of 3.5%. The average number of withdrawal points in 2022 
totalled 502,403 (478,127 at 31 December 2021). 
In addition, Acea Energia and the other sales companies of the Group sold 208 million Sm3 of 
gas to end customers and wholesalers, which involved 233,101 re-delivery points (compared 
to 226,687 re-delivery points as at 31 December 2021). 
AE also operates in local markets through the following joint ventures:  
− Umbria Energy S.p.A. ("UE"), which operates in Umbria, was set up on 24 September 
2004 as a joint venture between ASM Terni S.p.A. and AE, with each shareholder 
holding 50 per cent.  
− Cesap Vendita Gas S.r.l. ("CVG"). As part of the restructuring of the investment in 
the Sin(e)rgia Group, in February 2015 UE took over 100 per cent. of CVG through a 
capital increase by contribution in kind of UE’s credit with CVG. This investment was 
previously held by Si(e)nergy S.p.A. in liquidation.  
In July 2021, a commercial partnership agreement was signed between Acea Energia and Wind 
Tre S.p.A. regarding the definition, promotion and advertisement of offers related to the supply

--- Page 147 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 143 - 
47-41059079 
 
of electricity and gas by Acea Energia, characterised by the brand “Wind Tre powered by Acea 
Energia”. During the course of 2021, the commercial offers dedicated to the initiative were 
gradually promoted inside the sale points belonging to the Wind Tre network in a limited 
number of Italian regions. 
On 18 January 2022, Acea Energia and WindTre S.p.A. announced the extension of their 
commercial partnership. At present, more than 2 thousand WindTre sales points distribute 
solutions for electricity and gas supplies. The electricity offered in the WindTre Electricity & 
Gas Power by Acea Energia solutions is 100% obtained from renewable sources. 
On 18 May 2022, the new advertising campaign WindTre Electricity & Gas Powered by Acea 
Energia debuted on TV. 
Entry into the business of electric mobility charging services 
On 12 April 2021, Acea entered into the business of electric mobility charging services across 
the country by launching the “Acea e-Mobility” app (the "App"), making it possible to charge 
an electric vehicle at over 10,000 points in Italy, thanks to interoperability agreements entered 
into by and between Acea and several other sector operators. The App was developed to 
provide customers with a useful tool for the easy management of all steps in the charging 
service. The App allows to locate available active charging columns, book them, charge an 
electric or plug-in vehicle, monitor the charging status and manage payments with the main 
channels available (credit/debit card, prepaid cards or Apple Pay). The “Acea e-Mobility Card” 
will also be available along with the other associated services. Charging points will be free to 
book through the App until 31 December 2021. Acea Energia also offers three different 
wallbox models that will allow customers to charge their vehicles at their own home. 
ENVIRONMENT 
The Environment business segment coordinates the activities of the Group companies 
operating in the areas of waste management and waste-to-energy conversion. The Group 
operates in such areas in Umbria, Lazio, Tuscany, Marche, Valle d’Aosta, Abruzzo, Veneto 
and Piemonte. The overall amount of waste treated in 2022 was approximately of 1,715 kTon, 
with an increase of 200 kTon (13 per cent.), compared to the previous year (approximately 
1,52 kTon. The total amount of electricity sold in 2022 was approximately of 322 GWh, with 
a decrease of 6 GWh (1.8 per cent.) compared to the previous year (approximately 328 GWh). 
In 2022, revenues from the Environment business segment amounted to Euro 342.4 million, 
with an increase of Euro 107.7 million (46 per cent.) compared to the previous year (Euro 
234.7 million).  
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating costs and personnel costs and 
EBITDA of the Group’s Environment business segment for the financial years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
Environment 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021

--- Page 148 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 144 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues………………………….. 
342.4 
234.7 
Costs………………………………. 
240.8 
170.9 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA) 
101.6 
63.7 
 
The main Group companies operating within the Environment business segment include Acea 
Ambiente S.r.l. ("ACEA Ambiente") and companies within the waste transport and treatment 
(each described below).  
Acea Ambiente  
ACEA’s wholly-owned subsidiary ACEA Ambiente is engaged in the management of waste 
treatment plants, the recycling and disposal of solid urban and special waste, renewable 
electricity production and waste management, as well as in the direct management of assets 
contributed by its plants. The company has electricity vending relations with AE to which it 
transfers volumes of energy produced by the three lines of the San Vittore plant and by the line 
of the Terni plant, the state-owned company which promotes and supports renewable energy 
sources.  
Moreover, with the aim of significantly boosting business within this segment, overcoming the 
fragmentation and redundancy of the structures dealing with strategic processes (in particular, 
trade development), business and staff and enabling a greater focus on the activities covered 
by the strategic plan, the following strategic transactions were carried out:  
Terni waste-to-energy plant (UL 1) 
The waste-to-energy plant located in Terni produces electricity from renewable sources and 
operates specifically in a pulper paper mill waste to energy plant. 
The waste pulper contributions allowed the plant to meet the combustible requirements for the 
entire year and reach expected performance levels as regards both waste pre-treatment and the 
production of electricity. Some interventions were made in 2016 to enhance plant performance, 
leading to increased efficiency in terms of containing operating costs. The verification 
procedure implemented by Gestore dei Servizi Energetici S.p.A. S.p.A. (i.e., a state-owned 
company which promotes and supports renewable energy sources in Italy, "GSE") has been 
successfully completed.  
In 2020, the contractual planning for the delivery of pulper waste met the fuel requirements for 
the entire period. On 19 February 2020, the region affirmed a non-substantial amendment 
measure of the Integrated Environmental Authorisation, adopted by Decree no. 1314 of 17 
February 2020, concerning the increase in volumes authorised to be discharged into public 
sewerage, after appropriate treatment of industrial wastewater and run-off wastewater. 
In 2021, the contractual planning for the delivery of pulper waste guaranteed the fuel 
requirements for the entire period. On 27 April 2021, a specific request was submitted to the 
National Committee for the management of Directive 2003/87/EC and for the management of 
the project activities of the Kyoto Protocol to the Italian Ministry of Energy Transition, 
intended for the exclusion of the Terni waste-to-energy plant from the scope of the so-called 
Emission Trading System (ETS), pursuant to art. 2, paragraph 2, letter c) of Italian Legislative 
Decree no. 30/13, for definition of pulper waste under the category “of non-hazardous special

--- Page 149 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 145 - 
47-41059079 
 
waste produced by treatment plants, supplied annually with urban waste for a quota greater 
than 50% in weight”. In 2022 the Committee assessed that the Terni plant is out of the scope 
of the Emission Trading System.  
Following a request for a review of the validity of renewal of the Integrated Environmental 
Authorization (AIA) in the context of its adaptation to the BAT Conclusions for waste 
incineration plants (referred to in Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2019/2010 of 12 
November 2019) presented in October 2021, the review of the Integrated Environmental 
Authorization was obtained, with executive determination of the Umbria Region of 18 March 
2022 (Ref no. 2780), which extended its duration until 2038. In this regard, the aforementioned 
determination provides for new emission limits with respect to the previous authorization: in 
particular, the adjustment of the fume treatment line was requested in order to achieve the 
performance levels to guarantee plant operation. At the same time, the Umbria Region itself 
approved and authorized the implementation of interventions relating to the revamping of the 
fume treatment line, in compliance with the documents referred to in the technical annex to the 
application presented by the Company (namely, in compliance with “Framework 3”). The 
executive project relating to the interventions relating to the revamping of the fume treatment 
line was verified by the UVP Unit of Acea Elabori S.p.A.. To this end, a tender procedure was 
called, and on 15 November 2022 the tender for the Revamping was awarded to the TME 
company. 
In 2022, the contractual planning for the delivery of pulper waste guaranteed the fuel 
requirements for the entire period. With Resolution no. 66/22 of 24 March 2022, the Italian 
national authority for the implementation of Directive EC 2003/87/EC (i.e. Comitato nazionale 
di gestione e attuazione della direttiva 2003/87 CE) resolved to revoke the authorisation to 
emit gas for the plant (authorisation number 1711) with retroactive effectiveness from 1 
January 2021. Therefore, ACEA Ambiente sold all the CO2 quotas accruing to financial year 
2021 already credited to its accounts equal to 128,858 quotas, plus those optioned for financial 
year 2022, equal to 30,000 quotas. 
Paliano RDF production plant (UL 2) 
The Paliano RDF production plant has a single authorisation for the production of Refuse 
Derived Fuel ("RDF"), expiring on 30 June 2018. Although the authorisation has expired, in 
June 2020 the Municipality of Paliano issued the building permit for the complete 
reconstruction of the building, the re-qualification of the related site and the implementation 
of ancillary services.  
After the partial destruction of the plant occurred in 2013 due to a major fire, ACEA Ambiente 
subsequently took steps to obtain building permits to reconstruct the affected buildings. The 
work carried out and the additional procedural authorisation obtained by ACEA Ambiente 
made it possible to reopen the analysis procedure to obtain an Integrated Environmental 
Authorisation for the plant’s operation.  
The environmental checks were completed according to the planning provisions approved by 
the competent territorial authorities, confirming the absence of contamination due to the fire 
which occurred in 2013. However, contamination thresholds were exceeded in the water 
supply, which are likely to be linked to the base values present in the Castellaccio di Paliano 
area, which is mainly formed of volcanic soil. In accordance with applicable law, ACEA 
Ambiente submitted the environmental check plan to the competent authorities, which will 
need to authorise the beginning of the monitoring phase. As regards the authorisation for the

--- Page 150 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 146 - 
47-41059079 
 
reconstruction and operation of the RDF production plant, on 18 October 2017 the Office of 
Public Works, Maintenance and Regional Planning of Paliano expressed an unfavourable 
opinion in the decision-making AIA Conference on the compatibility of the RDF production 
plant in the municipality of Paliano. Therefore, ACEA Ambiente has undertaken legal action 
before the competent Administrative Court that is still ongoing.  
With regard to the procedure for assignment of the characterisation activities, expressions of 
interest (manifestazioni di interesse) have been received ahead of the call for tenders. On 16 
June 2020, the Municipality of Paliano issued a building permit for some demolition and 
reconstruction works, consisting of the construction of the purification plant, the first rain 
tanks, the biofilter, the installation of a photovoltaic plant, a scrubber and the 
recovery/adaptation of the entire warehouse located therein, damaged by a recent fire. With 
determination no. 1003 of 16 September 2020, the Municipality of Anagni issued a landscape 
authorisation for the demolition of the treatment plant and underground tanks.  
On 26 April 2021 the works for the demolition of the treatment plant, underground tanks and 
former mineralised water production building resumed, following the update to the executive 
plan, and are currently continuing as planned. On 29 April 2021 the start of the works with site 
preparation activities was communicated to the Municipality of Paliano. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the demolition of the former treatment plant is complete, 
having the specific measure for closing of works been issued on 25 February 2022.  
With regard to the Paliano site, as part of the ongoing redevelopment, on 17 January 2023 the 
Ministry of the Environment requested additions and clarifications to the "Risk analysis" 
already sent to the authorities. The documentation is being prepared by the technicians 
appointed by the company. 
San Vittore del Lazio waste-to-energy plant (UL 3) 
The San Vittore del Lazio waste-to-energy plant also produces electricity from renewable 
sources, and, specifically, from RDF. 
Plant reconditioning works were completed in 2011 through the implementation of lines two 
and three of the plant, while works for the complete renovation of line one were completed in 
October 2016. Measure No. G00063 of 13 January 2016, notified on 26 January 2016, granted 
the new Integrated Environmental Authorisation valid for 8 years from 24 July 2013 to 24 July 
2021. This authorisation completed the procedure for renewing the Authorisation for 
construction and operating the plant, meaning significant rationalisation in terms of 
authorisation requirements for the San Vittore del Lazio plant.  
Expected performance of the plant during 2022, both in terms of waste treatment and 
production of electricity, were affected by adverse weather conditions recorded in the first half 
of the year, together with planned in relation to the line 2 turbo-generator and to improvements 
of performance of line 1.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the San Vittore plant is the only waste-to-energy plant 
on a regional scale and represents a strategic terminal for the waste chain. 
 
The waste-to-energy plant holds an Integrated Environmental Authorization issued by the 
Lazio Region with D.D. G00063 of 13 January 2016, which originally envisaged expiry on 25

--- Page 151 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 147 - 
47-41059079 
 
July 2021 (8 years from the expiry of the previous authorization). Following the presentation 
to the Lazio Region, on 17 July 2020, of a specific request to extend the duration of the AIA 
for a further 8 years (reserved for plants registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No. 1221/2009 
(EMAS), to pursuant to Article 29 -octies, paragraph 8, of Legislative Decree No. 152/06, as 
amended by Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 46/2014), with Executive Resolution 
G01864/21 of 23 July 2021, the same Region authorized the extension of the validity of the 
authorization deed to 24 July 2029. The provision was the subject of an appeal to the President 
of the Republic by the Municipality of San Vittore del Lazio and some other Municipalities in 
the immediate vicinity, to which the Society objected. 
Following the presentation, on 7 August 2020, of the authorization request for the construction 
of a new line (i.e. the fourth line), the Lazio Region issued the following authorization 
provisions: 
 
• D.D. no. G09041 of 12/07/2022 Positive Environmental Impact Assessment; 
• D.D. no. G14621 26/10/2022 Integrated Environmental Authorization; 
• D.D. no. G14844 28/10/2022 Single Regional Authorization Provision. 
 
The tender process for the identification of the Contractor for the construction of the 4th line is 
underway. To date, the pre-site preparation activities related to the clearing of war devices are 
underway in the tax land of the same line. 
 
The preparation of the documentation for the AIA Renewal of the existing lines is in progress, 
for the purposes of compliance with the sector BAT. 
 
With Regional Decree 290 of 12 May 2022, the Region of Lazio approved the documentation 
on Plans for waste management (“Piano Regionale Gestione Rifiuti” – PRGR) 
implementation status and the identification of “minimal” and “intermediate” end of cycle 
plants. The San Vittore del Lazio plant was classified as a “minimal” as it has reached its 
authorised capacity. In the light of this, almost all incoming flows will begin to be regulated 
by the competent authority, which will also determine the tariff to be applied. In addition, 
assessments and numerical processing is currently under way to prepare the EFP, which will 
obviously include preliminary analysis as it is the first year of implementation. Given the 
classification of this plant as “minimal”, in October 2022 Acea Energia prepared and submitted 
the economic financial plan for 2022-2025. 
 
At present, approval of the tariffs from the relevant bodies is awaited, pursuant to the relevant 
ARERA regulations.  
 
Orvieto waste dump plant (UL4)  
The waste dump plant is located in the municipality of Orvieto and manages urban and special 
waste. On the same site there is a non-hazardous waste dump, currently being cultivated, and 
a non-separated biological mechanical waste treatment plant for the separation and sale of 
organic waste from separate collection. The plant operates under the Integrated Environmental 
Authorization D.D. no. 5797 of 9 June 2022, which substitutes the previous AIA n. 7019 of 5 
July 2018 (on 29 December 2020 with prot. 7309-20, in compliance with the timescales set out 
in the calendar approved by the Umbria Region, an application for review, with validity of 
renewal, of the AIA was presented for the adaptation of the same to the BAT Conclusions for 
waste treatment plants referred to in the Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2018/1147

--- Page 152 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 148 - 
47-41059079 
 
of 10 August 2018). By virtue of the EMAS registration of the plant, the AIA has a duration 
of 16 years and will expire in 2038. 
 
The works for the conversion of the three existing maturation beds in aerobic biotunnels, 
authorized with Executive Determination 3636/21 of 27 April 2021, now implemented in the 
AIA, with execution of the acceptance tests to be carried out in January 2023. 
 
In August 2022, important extraordinary maintenance interventions were started on the 
anaerobic digestion section. During the maintenance period, the following activities were 
carried out: the opening of the fermenter and its complete cleaning, the doubling of the leachate 
transport lines, the replacement of the fermenter membrane, the mixer and the level sensor, the 
implementation of the systems air heating to the biocells, the installation of new filters on the 
scrubbers, the replacement and backup of the supervisor. Furthermore, it was necessary to 
temporarily interrupt the flows of extra-scope organic waste, while still guaranteeing the 
deliveries of waste regulated by contract with AURI. The works were completed with the plant 
resuming the loading ramp from 30 September 2022. 
 
With the Deliberation of the Government of the Umbria Region n. 2 of 5 January 2022 
(“Regional strategic landfills; disposal requirements and technical and management 
specifications for rational use. Guidelines pending the approval of the Integrated Waste 
Management Plan”) it was established that, given the maximum total volume envisaged for 
the expansion of the three regional landfills, the Orvieto landfill is considered residually 
expandable with respect to Belladanza. This resolution was immediately confirmed by 
contesting its content and proceeding on 1 February 2022 with the extension request, which 
was, however, followed by the Region's communication of non-admissibility pursuant to the 
resolution. This resolution was challenged in February 2022 at the Umbria Regional 
Administrative Court. This was followed by further exchanges of notes as well as a meeting 
as part of the technical table set up again with resolution no. 2/2022 referred to above. With 
resolution no. 600 of 15 June 2022, the Umbria Region Council pre-adopted the proposal for 
a Regional Integrated Waste Management Plan (PRGR). In the intentions of the Region, the 
same will be approved within the current year. On 19 August 2022, Acea Ambiente presented 
its observations, which were accepted in some passages. 
 
The Plan was adopted by the Regional Council of Umbria with resolution no. DGR 1135 of 2 
November 2022 after the positive conclusion of the SEA. 
 
At present, there is evidence of the conclusion of the PAUR procedure only for the Belladanza 
landfill, and the start of the procedure for the Borgogiglione site. Therefore, on 7 December, 
the Company proceeded to request the reactivation of the proceeding but on 21 December, the 
Region replied that the request was not acceptable, proceedable and therefore archived. Acea 
Ambiente is preparing a further feedback note. 
 
With resolution no. 600 of 15 June 2022, the Umbria Region Council pre-adopted the Proposal 
for a Regional Integrated Waste Management Plan (PRGR). In the intentions of the Region, 
the same will be approved within the current year. Acea Ambiente presented its observations 
on 19 August 2022 which were accepted in some passages. 
 
The Plan was adopted by the Regional Council of Umbria with resolution no. DGR 1135 of 2 
November 2022 after the positive conclusion of the SEA.

--- Page 153 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 149 - 
47-41059079 
 
Furthermore, the applicable tariff system for 2022 remains to be defined in consideration of 
the uncertainties related to the regulation system managed by ARERA. Precisely on this 
subject, the Umbria Region has issued the DGR n. 375 of 27 April 2022 with the identification 
of the plants necessary for closing the waste cycle. In particular, the Orvieto plants have been 
identified as "minimum" for the TMB plant, part of the composting plant, part of the landfill; 
additional (i.e. on the market) for the remaining unrestricted volumes. As a result of the 
aforementioned DGR, AURI, as the subject responsible for receiving and transmitting PEFs, 
with note prot. 5514 of 17 June 2022 requested the sending of financial plans within 3 weeks 
and convened a meeting on 28 June 2022. On 18 November the Company sent AURI the 
documentation required by art. 7 of the ARERA resolution and in particular PEF and 
accompanying report. The documentation was subsequently integrated on 13 December. 
 
Aprilia waste treatment plant (UL7) 
The plant produces and markets mixed compost conditioners; in particular it operates in the 
areas of Campoverde in Aprilia on the basis of a single authorisation for special non-hazardous 
waste treatment and recycling plants obtained from the Province of Latina with a maximum 
capacity of 66,000 tonnes/year. 
On 5 June 2020, a warning was sent to comply with the relevant technical and professional 
requirements, giving it 30 days to resolve the various problems and to bring the plant to a point 
where commissioning could be commenced. Acea Ambiente made a formal claim against the 
company T.ME. S.p.A. Termomeccanica Ecologia for economic damages and penalties due to 
delays, failures in machinery performance and management errors. After an extremely 
challenging start-up phase, the contractor announced the launch of performance testing on 30 
November 2020. With Directive no. G14240 of 26 November 2020, the Lazio Region 
communicated the successful completion of the review of the updated documentation, as 
submitted from time to time and, with Directive no. G00101 of 12 January 2021, issued the 
new Integrated Environmental Authorization, as a review of the previous authorization granted 
with Directive no. G08408 of 7 July 2015. During 2021, the functional testing of two 
significant works carried out at the plant was completed, namely the line for production of SRF 
from plant surplus, which will enable waste to be delivered to the San Vittore del Lazio plant, 
and the compost bagging line, which will open up further market outlets for the placement of 
soil improver. 
By Executive Determination GR3000-000003 dated 9 August 2021, the Lazio Region 
authorised a non-substantial variance for remodelling of incoming waste streams, installation 
of a centrifuge, and installation of a reverse osmosis system. On 17 August 2021, the Company 
filed a request for a non-substantial variance for the implementation of a project to convert the 
existing biogas power plant to a biomethane production facility. In a note dated 3 November 
2021, the Lazio Region deemed to classify the variance as substantial, requesting an update of 
the request, which the Company promptly submitted with updated attachments on 22 
November 2021. Currently the process has not progressed.  
The plant was also subject, during 2021, to certain interventions functional to the subsequent 
admission to the payment of administrative penalties relating to (i) the exceeding of certain 
limits on composted soil improver with sludge produced in the previous year, (ii) the above-
mentioned dispute relating to odorous emissions in 2017 (which led to the seizure of the plant, 
subsequently revoked) and (iii) the exceeding of certain acoustic limits found in 2021. All 
prescriptive reports were resolved with compliance and admission of payment by subsequent 
settlement.

--- Page 154 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 150 - 
47-41059079 
 
With Regional Decree 290 of 12 May 2022, the Lazio Region approved the documentation on 
PRGR implementation status and the identification of “minimal” and “intermediate” end of 
cycle plants. The Aprilia plant was identified as “minimal”, as it has reached its authorised 
capacity. In light of this, almost all incoming flows would be directly regulated by the 
competent authority, which would also determine the tariff to be applied.  
Monterotondo Marittimo plant (UL5)  
The composting and anaerobic digestion plant of Monterotondo Marittimo (plant UL5 in 
Tuscany) is currently authorized by virtue of the Integrated Environmental Authorization 
referred to in D.R. no. 15895 of 15 September 2021, as amended by Executive Determination 
19226 of 4 November 2021, in compliance with the BAT Conclusions, for waste treatment 
plants (referred to in Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2018/1147 of 10 August 2018). 
The new AIA, by virtue of the achievement of the certification of the Environmental 
Management System to the UNI EN ISO 14001 standard, has authorized the plant for a 
duration of 12 years. 
In March 2023, the plant obtained the EMAS certification with the consequent extension of 
the duration of the Integrated Environmental Authorization by a further 4 years (until 2037). 
On 31 March 2022, the expression of interest was sent to the Tuscany Region for making the 
plant available for the treatment of waste produced in the Tuscany region in order to proceed 
with the qualification of the plant as a minimum (for ARERA purposes) not only for the green 
fraction but also for OFMSW. On 22 June 2022, in this context, a meeting was held at the 
headquarters of the Regional Council during which the functioning of the plant was illustrated 
to the Fourth Commission, the current flows of regional waste treated and its potential 
Subsequently in on 13 July 2022 a meeting was held with the Director of ATO Toscana SUD 
and on 6 September a further meeting with the directors of ATO SUD and ATO Costa also in 
the presence of the Regional Councilor. 
The need to include the plant in the correct circuit of urban waste from Tuscany would also 
envisage a simplification in the supply of the spaces available for the disposal of waste in 
landfills, this being an element to pay attention to. 
Sabaudia plant (UL6) 
With regards to the Sabaudia plant (UL6), during the third quarter of 2015 the company filed 
an application to increase its capacity by up to 50,000 tonnes per annum of compostable waste, 
with the construction of a new aerobic composting section, so as to attain an overall capacity 
of 78,000 tonnes per annum of treatable waste.  
With regard to the composting section of the Sabaudia plant, the Integrated Environmental 
Authorisation issued by the Lazio Region on 1 December 2008 is still being renewed. In any 
case the Integrated Environmental Authorisation was formally extended by the Lazio Region 
pending the conclusion of the authorisation process. During this process, the Province of Latina 
requested the acquisition of the water authorisation. ACEA Ambiente obtained the 
authorisation from the Lazio Region and a favourable opinion for the water concession of areas 
belonging to the water/fluvial state property from the Consorzio di Bonifica dell’Agro Pontino.

--- Page 155 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 151 - 
47-41059079 
 
On 27 November 2019, the Province of Latina issued the state concession/authorisation for 
water alone. In order to comply with the requirements of the state concession, it was necessary 
to carry out certain projects to temporarily interrupt waste management in order to avoid 
interfering with the work. A suspension of deliveries was implemented starting from 31 
October 2019. Operationally, with the temporary suspension of the deliveries, the last 
composting cycles ended by June 2020.  
The tender procedure was completed and the aforementioned works for the adaptation of the 
plant to the requirements of the Consorzio di Bonifica Agro Pontino were assigned following 
verification of the adequacy of the tenders. The works were completed on 10 March 2021. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, part of the works (demolition and reconstruction of a roof) 
has not been possible to execute because it was subject to the issuance by the Municipality of 
Sabaudia of an amnesty, which must be followed by a planning authorisation. With protocol 
no 51589 of 30 November 2021, the Municipality of Sabaudia issued the planning opinion 
which resolves the issue of building permits. The Municipality’s final investigation for the 
amnesty permit remains to be completed.  
Pending the resumption of the plant activity in its new configuration (scheduled for January 
2024), all the UL6 operating personnel was progressively transferred to the UL7 composting 
plant in Aprilia.  
Chiusi Plant (UL Bioecologia) 
On 29 November 2018, ACEA Ambiente acquired from Siena Ambiente S.p.A. the 100% of 
the share capital of Bioecologia S.r.l., a company operating in the liquid waste purification, 
treatment and intermediation sector (“Bioecologia”). The activity is carried out in the treatment 
plants located in the municipalities of in Le Biffe, Pianino and ex Comova.  
The plant Bioecologia is located in Le Biffe - Municipality of Chiusi. It was previously owned 
by Bio Ecologia S.r.l. and then merged by incorporation into Acea Ambiente S.r.l., with effect 
from 1 May 2021. Bioecologia is authorized on the basis of the Integrated Environmental 
Authorization issued with Executive Decree n. 16494 of 18 August 2022, valid until 18 August 
2034, for an authorized quantity of 99,900 tons/year. After a long investigation, the review of 
the environmental authorization was finally obtained with a positive result and, at the same 
time, the go-ahead to proceed with the redevelopment and modernization of the chemical-
physical waste pre-treatment section. 
In 2022, maintenance was carried out to ensure adequate residual treatment capacity in the 
suspended biomass biological segment and make it more efficient in terms of electricity 
consumption. 
Replacement of the bed of oxygenators of the second oxidation reactor allowed a significant 
economic saving. Similarly, evident increased oxidative capacity for the segment made it 
possible to begin treatment of a waste flow in line with expectations.  
Polo CIRSU (waste disposal plant) 
On 30 June 2022, Acea Ambiente awarded the so-called former "Polo CIRSU" business unit, 
which is used for the transfer, treatment, recovery and disposal of solid urban waste, equipped 
with integrated environmental authorizations and made up of movable assets, buildings, plants

--- Page 156 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 152 - 
47-41059079 
 
and landfills. "Polo CIRSU" is located in Notaresco (TE), Casette di Grasciano and offered for 
sale by the Court of Teramo as part of the bankruptcy procedure R.F. No. 91/2015.  
The business branch is made up of the landfill called "Grasciano 1", completely depleted in 
the authorized volumes, the new landfill "Grasciano 2" consisting of a first lot of 234,000 cubic 
meters and a second lot to be built, with an authorized volume of 246,000 cubic meters, a 
composting plant and a platform for the valorisation of waste from separate collection and 
durable goods. 
On 9 September 2022, the Court of Teramo (Bankruptcy Section), issued the decree n. 
138/2022 for the transfer of the said business unit. By the enactment of such decree, on 25 
October 2022, the Waste Management Service of the Abruzzo Region obtained the transfer of 
the Integrated Environmental Authorization (AIA) of the site to Acea Ambiente by means of 
the resolution no. DPC026/249. With reference to this plant, by providing Deco S.p.A., 65% 
owned by Acea Ambiente, with the related skills and financial capacity required, under the 
service contract finalized on 23 November 2022, Acea Ambiente has entrusted Deco S.p.A. 
with the activities which are functional to the operation of the CIRSU pole, obtaining, with 
resolution DPC026/306 of 13 December 2022 of the Abruzzo Region, the transfer of the 
Integrated Environmental Authorizations (AIA), previously belonging to Acea Ambiente. 
The transport and recovery of treatment sludge activities 
All the activities of transport and recovery of treatment sludge were previously carried out by 
Aquaser S.r.l., Kyklos S.r.l., Solemme S.p.A. (from 1 July 2015, the merger of S.A.MA.CE. 
S.r.l. into Solemme S.p.A. came into effect) and Isa S.r.l. Until the end of 2015, such companies 
were called the "Aquaser Group". Since 2016, due to the corporate reorganisation described 
above, the quota and shares in these companies belong to Aquaser (ISA) and ACEA Ambiente 
(Kyklos S.r.l. and Solemme S.p.A.). 
The facilities of the former Aquaser Group, through the treatment of sewage sludge coming 
from the integrated water operators of the Group, allow significant synergies between the 
Group companies operating in the environmental sector and those in the water sector. The 
integrated water operators, which are required by law to dispose of sewage sludge that is 
produced at the end of the water cycle process, can reduce the costs of such disposal by 
transferring their final waste to specialised environmental facilities instead of disposing of 
them in landfills or at other sites outside the Group. At the same time, the environmental 
companies benefit from a continuous and consolidated supply of organic waste to be converted 
into marketable products. 
AQUASER S.r.l. ("AQUASER") was set up in order to manage ancillary services associated 
with the integrated water services, undertaking the recovery and disposal of sludge from 
biological treatment and waste produced from water treatment, treating effluent and liquid 
waste, and providing services connected thereto. The company is 85.29 per cent. owned by 
ACEA Ambiente, 1.00 per cent owned by ACEA, 1.00 per cent owned by ACEA Ato5, 1.00 
per cent owned by ACEA Ato2, 8.00 per cent. owned by Acquedotto del Fiora, 1.00 per cent. 
owned by Umbra Acque, 1.00 per cent. owned by Publiacqua and 1.71 per cent. owned by 
Acque. 
AQUASER currently transports and recovers sludge for most of the water companies in the 
ACEA Group. The location of the plants is important: two in Lazio, which process the sludge 
transferred under the contract with ACEA ATO 2 and ACEA ATO 5, and one in Tuscany near

--- Page 157 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 153 - 
47-41059079 
 
Grosseto, which processes the sludge transferred under the contracts with companies operating 
in Tuscany and Umbria, resulting in a reduction of transportation costs.  
During 2021, the company consolidated its market position by strengthening its transport 
activities through the acquisition of vehicles and personnel that now allow the management, at 
least partially, of the corresponding services. 
AQUASER currently wholly or partially performs the service of loading, transport and 
recovery/disposal of waste from water purification for the companies of the ACEA Group. 
In 2022, the AQUASER began planning services for customers mainly consisting of Integrated 
Water Service managers within the Acea Group, on the basis of contracts governing relations 
between the parties, most of which multi-year. 
ISA S.r.l. ("ISA"), a company which merged into AQUASER with effect from 1 November 
2016 after the corporate reorganisation process described above, previously operated in the 
services, logistics and transportation sectors, with a strategic importance to reach market 
consolidation objectives.  
ISA was bought to strengthen the group organization and provide group services in a more 
independent way, not only transportation but also services relating to other activities associated 
with and complementary to the farmland spreading of sludge, the maintenance of the drying 
beds and automatic discharge services, which have led to a significant increase in business 
activities. ISA’s services are almost exclusively provided to associate companies. ISA 
currently has its own fleet for haulage activities. 
Acque Industriali S.r.l. 
Acque Industriali S.r.l., through the management of specific platforms, provides 
intermediation and liquid waste treatment services to private companies operating both 
regionally and nationally, as well as activities collateral to those of the integrated water cycle 
consisting mainly in the recovery and disposal of biological sludge. 
The company carries designs and builds plants mainly related to the treatment of wastewater 
and sludge and waste in general, as well as the treatment of atmospheric emissions, following 
up with their subsequent ordinary and extraordinary management, as well as carrying out 
design, direction and execution of works in the field of environmental remediation of polluted 
sites, mainly in the industrial sector. It also performs research and development in the sectors 
of reference in partnership with research bodies at both a regional and national level. 
The preliminary phases for the authorization reviews and the implementation of the best 
practices of the Empoli Pagnana and Poggibonsi plants are currently ongoing. Following the 
decisions taken by the Tuscany Region during the Service Conference (Conferenza di Servizi) 
for the authorization review of the Pontedera waste treatment plant, it was necessary to waive 
the Integrated Environmental Authorisation (AIA), as was already done for the Single 
Environmental Authorisation (AUA) of the Pisa San Jacopo waste treatment plant, directing 
management efforts to the Pagnana site, to enhance the asset with redevelopment, 
modernization and plant upgrading interventions.

--- Page 158 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 154 - 
47-41059079 
 
Iseco 
At the end of February 2017, ACEA acquired ISECO S.p.A. ("Iseco") as part of the acquisition 
of the TWS Group (Technologies for Water Services). 
It has been operating since 1987 in the sector of water services and in the production of whey 
powder, dealing with the executive design, construction and management of industrial 
ecological plants, also with complex technology and public service, and managing the plant 
for drying of whey from Saint Marcel, in the Valle d’Aosta region. 
Iseco also operates in the milk-diary business, whose main activities consist in the production 
of whey powder, the sale of the related products for zootechnical and food use and the 
processing of seroderivatives on behalf of third parties. As a result of the strong upturn 
recorded in the whey market, during 2021 a boost was given to the processing of this product 
in a concentrated and crystallised form on behalf of third parties. 
Demap S.r.l.  
Demap S.r.l., in which Acea acquired an equity interest of 90% on 4 July 2019 (“Demap”), 
carries out its activity in the field of sorting plastic packaging from urban waste collection. It 
is one of the 30 or so selection centres that have an agreement with the COREPLA consortium, 
responsible for achieving the recycling and recovery targets for plastic packaging of consumed 
products. 
 
Separate collection of plastic packaging is regulated at a national level by a framework 
agreement between Anci and Conai and by the technical annexes concluded between Anci and 
the individual value chain consortia which, in the case of plastic packaging, provide that 
collection may be transferred to the sorting centre either selectively (mono-material collection) 
or jointly (multi-material collection). Demap carries out its business in compliance with current 
regulations and is authorised under Italian Legislative Decree 152/06 with procedure issued by 
the Province of Turin no. 133-25027/2010 of 23 June 2010. 
On 12 December 2021, a fire broke out at the storage shed (known as DEMAP2), located in 
Beinasco, of waste consisting of plastic packaging from the urban collection of separated 
fractions, adjacent to the plant and owned by the company. Although investigations by the 
Public Prosecutor's Office are still underway, the accident seems to have originated from a 
diesel-powered forklift. 
On 14 December 2021, ARPA installed a mobile laboratory in order to monitor the evolution 
of air quality in the areas surrounding the fire over the long term. Given the difficulties in 
extinguishing the fire, although in a decidedly minor and controlled form, the fire continued in 
the days following the event. Therefore, the fire which started on 12 December and ended - in 
the phase of possible environmental impact - around 24 December 2021, released dangerous 
and toxic gases into the atmosphere which led the Municipality of Beinasco to undertake, after 
consultation with Civil Protection and local health authorities, a series of actions aimed at 
limiting or at least reducing to the minimum, any possible exposure to the population. These 
measures were necessary given the levels of contaminants detected in the first hours of 
intervention on the ground and also confirmed in the days immediately following the fire by 
monitoring carried out on the ground with portable instruments. About ten days after the 
development of the fire, in correspondence with a greater atmospheric instability over the

--- Page 159 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 155 - 
47-41059079 
 
whole territory, the concentrations of almost all pollutants measured by the ARPA mobile 
laboratory returned to the average for the period.  
In the days immediately following the event, the company took steps to identify a specialist in 
the activities of demolition and removal of the burnt material and the partially collapsed shed. 
With Seizure Decree of 16 December 2021, the evidentiary seizure of the DEMAP2 shed, of 
the burnt waste contained therein, of the waste present on the forecourt, as well as of the forklift 
truck from which the fire presumably originated, was ordered. By order of 30 December 2021, 
the Turin Public Prosecutor's Office authorised the removal of the burnt waste to a depleted 
landfill in Vinovo and the demolition of the shed.  
During the week of 14 January 2022, all the verification operations were carried out in order 
to allow for, as soon as possible, the complete resumption of activities, after cleaning, 
mechanical and electrical maintenance. On 16 February 2022, following the necessary testing, 
the plant resumed regular operation. 
Berg S.p.A. 
Berg S.p.A., in which Acea acquired an equity interest of 60% on 18 October 2019 (“Berg”), 
operates in the environmental services sector and in particular in the treatment of liquid and 
solid waste. 
Berg carries out is activities at the Frosinone plant, managing the storage and treatment of 
hazardous and non-hazardous liquid and solid waste. In terms of authorisation, the plant has 
an Integrated Environmental Authorisation issued by the Lazio Region with Executive 
Resolution B0201/09 of 30 January 2009, expiring on 30 January 2025. In May 2021, the 
company submitted a request to review the Integrated Environmental Authorisation for its 
adjustment to the BAT Conclusions for waste treatment plants (as per Commission 
Implementing Decision (EU) 2018/1147 of 10 August 2018 of the European Commission). 
During the same year, the experimental authorisation pursuant to Art. 211 of Legislative 
Decree No 152/06 for the combined pilot plant for the recovery of fly ash, bottom ash and 
residual sodium carbonate was obtained, with Executive Resolution GI0926/2021 by the Lazio 
Region, with a duration of 2 years from the date of issuance of the acceptance certificate. 
Ferrocart S.r.l. and Cavallari S.r.l. 
On 19 February 2020, Acea entered into an agreement for the acquisition of an equity holding 
of 60%, respectively, of the share capital of Ferrocart S.r.l. (“Ferrocart”) and Cavallari S.r.l. 
(“Cavallari”) (which owns 100% of Multigreen S.r.l. (“Multigreen”)), active in the storage, 
treatment and selection of waste.  
The companies Ferrocart, Cavallari and Multigreen, which together own four plants with a 
total authorised capacity of more than 145 thousand tonnes per year, operate in the provinces 
of Terni and Ancona, performing activities pertaining to the selection and recovery of paper, 
iron, wood, plastic and metals. They are also active in the management of differentiated 
production and packaging refuse collection as well as the disposal of waste, mostly on behalf 
of Corepla (“National Consortium for the Collection, Recycling and Recovery of Plastic 
Packages”).  
Based on 100% of the enterprise value of Ferrocart and Cavallari, the transaction had an 
economic value of Euro 25 million. Ferrocart and Cavallari were fully consolidated by Acea 
from 22 April 2020.

--- Page 160 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 156 - 
47-41059079 
 
Effective from 1 January 2021, Multigreen was merged by incorporation into Cavallari. 
In 2021, the total amount of material processed in Cavallari’s secondary plastic selection plant 
was equal to 36,300 tonnes, while the secondary fuel production plant of said company reached 
the new target of 12,000 tonnes processed in the year. 
On 23 May 2022, following the exercise of the purchase options by the Ondulsud S.r.l. and AP 
Servizi S.r.l., as envisaged in the agreements submitted at the time of the acquisition of part of 
the company's share capital, Acea Ambiente acquired 80% of the share capital of Cavallari. 
On 3 November 2022, Acea Ambiente, through Cavallari, acquired 100% of the share capital 
of Italmacero S.r.l. (“Italmacero”) which was part of the industrial perimeter of Cavallari 
through a lease contract for a business unit, still in force, through which the activities of the 
industrial site in Falconara Marittima (AN) were already managed by Cavallari. Italmacero is 
a company operating in the mechanical treatment and recovery of separate urban waste (mixed 
packaging, monomaterial fractions) and special non-hazardous waste. The price paid for the 
acquisition was Euro 1.2 million.   
 During 2021, Ferrocart maintained its relationships with companies that manage separate 
collection of waste either through contracts for direct assignment or through tenders. Relations 
with all value chain consortia also continued regularly, as did the intermediation service for 
the pulper. Starting from 7 January 2021, the dismantling and assembly works of a new plant 
for processing plastic bottles began; the plant is still subject to tests. 
On 20 February 2022, the plant was affected by a fire that involved a pile of waste from the 
sorting of separate collection, which damaged several roofing structures. ARPA Umbria 
proceeded to carry out sampling activities in order to monitor the quality of air in the 
surroundings of the site. As the plant was not affected by the fire, its regular use was resumed 
as early as 22 February 2022. The causes that produced this event are currently being 
ascertained and the company has been involved in requests for documentation, which has been 
promptly provided without having to interrupt the plant's operations. 
On 6 December 2022, in the context of a public procedure launched by ASM Terni S.p.A. to 
identify an economic operator to strengthen and extend its strategic development lines, Acea 
Ambiente transferred its 60% equity investment in Ferrocart to ASM Terni S.p.A. 
Deco S.p.A. 
Deco S.p.A. (“Deco”) operates in the waste sector in Abruzzo and is engaged in the design, 
construction and management of plants for the treatment, disposal and recovery of municipal 
solid waste and plants for energy recovery from renewable sources. The scope of the business 
includes: a Mechanical-Biological Treatment (MBT) plant with an authorised capacity of 
270,000 tonnes/year, a photovoltaic plant, a biogas plant and two disposal plants. The company 
also holds 100% of Ecologica Sangro S.p.A., a company operating in Abruzzo in the sector of 
integrated management of solid urban waste. On 23 January 2023, Acea acquired the remaining 
35% of Deco’s share capital, in which it already held a 65% stake.

--- Page 161 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 157 - 
47-41059079 
 
Meg S.r.l. and S.E.R. plast S.r.l. 
Located in San Giovanni Ilarione (province of Verona), Meg S.r.l. operates in the plastic 
recycling business, a segment which is downstream with respect to that of post-consumption 
plastic selection in which ACEA is already present with Demap and Cavallari. 
In January 2022, Acea Ambiente acquired 70% of S.E.R. plast S.r.l., which operates in the 
same business sector as Meg S.r.l. The company is located in Cellino Attanasio (province of 
Teramo). 
A.S. Recycling S.r.l. 
On 22 December 2021, Acea Ambiente acquired 90% of A.S. Recycling, a company that is 
currently inactive but which will become a Corepla affiliated centre for secondary plastic SRF 
recycling (Breakdown of plastics into the various polymer categories for sorting). The 
company is located in Cittaducale (province of Rieti). 
Tecnoservizi 
On 4 October 2022, Acea Ambiente acquired 70% of Tecnoservizi S.r.l. (“Tecnoservizi”), a 
company located in Monterotondo (province of Rome). The economic value of the transaction, 
in terms of enterprise value for 100% of Tecnoservizi is about Euro 21 million. The price paid 
for the acquisition was Euro 5.2 million and a further portion for the balance of the price, i.e. 
Euro 1.6 million, will be paid in the second half of 2025. The EBITDA expected in full 
operation on an annual basis is approximately Euro 4 million. Tecnoservizi operates in the 
waste treatment area, and more precisely in the segment of services for the collection, treatment 
and recovery of differentiated and undifferentiated waste. Such business represents, since more 
than 25 years, a stable and consolidated reference in the delicate infrastructural system of the 
urban and special waste cycle of the Lazio Region, being a platform for the main supply chain 
consortia. In particular, Tecnoservizi carries out its activity in the sector of recovery and 
recycling of industrial, civil, hospital (liquid and solid), urban and special waste; the waste 
treated is mainly pertains to construction, sanitary waste, paper, multi-material, wood, metals 
and bulky waste. 
ENGINEERING AND SERVICES 
The Engineering and Services business segment of the Group has a developed know-how in 
the design, construction and management of integrated water systems and develops research 
projects aimed to the technological innovation in the water, environmental and energy sectors. 
Particular importance is dedicated to laboratory services (analytical controls) and engineering 
consultancy. 
In 2022, revenues from the Engineering and Services business segment amounted to Euro 
117.6 million, with an increase of Euro 5.7 million (5.1 per cent.) compared to the previous 
year (Euro 111.9 million).

--- Page 162 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 158 - 
47-41059079 
 
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personnel costs, Income 
from equity investments and EBITDA of the Group’s Engineering and Services business 
segment for the financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Engineering and services 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues 
117.6 
111.9 
Costs 
104.4 
94.7 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA) 
13.2 
17.3 
 
Acea Engineering Laboratories Research Innovation S.p.A. ("Acea Elabori"), previously 
called LaboratoRI S.p.A., is ACEA’s wholly-owned subsidiary within the Group principally 
responsible for undertaking research and development projects. Acea Elabori provides 
engineering, laboratory, research and innovation services in the sectors of the water, waste and 
energy cycle, across all the areas of interest of the Group. 
The activities carried out concern the various fields of technical-managerial interest, which 
include analytical checks on the integrated water and waste cycle, protection and optimisation 
of the use of water resources, design and construction of works for the integrated water service 
and for treatment – disposal – energy recovery from waste and for the production of 
hydroelectric and thermoelectric energy. 
Laboratory activities 
The laboratory offers analytical services on the various environmental matrices connected with 
the prescriptions dictated by relevant regulations. 
In 2022, as part of the analytical activities carried out on water intended for human 
consumption, analytical services were performed on 10,671 samples and 395,162 analyses 
were carried out against the 12,120 samples and 444,838 analyses for 2021.  
With reference to the checks carried out for wastewater (sewage and treatment systems 
managed by Group Acea), 9,150 samples were analysed for a total of 177,311analyses (10,656 
samples and 193,107 analyses in 2021). 
Engineering activity 
Acea Elabori supplies engineering services to the companies in the Water Segment, in 
particular ACEA ATO 2 and ACEA ATO 5. 
In recent years, the company has consolidated the development of engineering activities in 
other Energy Infrastructure and Environment Segments of Acea as well, with the design and 
direction of works for the valorisation of waste and the production of hydroelectric and 
thermoelectric energy and related "specialist and support" activities. 
In particular, Acea Elabori implemented the engineering segment through the internalization 
of the construction activities in EPC approach, in particular ACEA ATO2.

--- Page 163 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 159 - 
47-41059079 
 
On 8 April 2020, Acea entered into an agreement for the purchase of an equity holding of 70% 
of the share capital of Simam S.p.A. (Servizi Industriali Manageriali Ambientali) (“Simam”), 
a leading company in the engineering, construction and management of water and waste 
treatment facilities, and in environmental interventions and remediation, with high-tech global 
services. 
The acquisition represented an evolution of the Engineering and Services business segment, 
aimed at ensuring efficiency and flexibility of support for the operating companies, providing 
value to the Group and strengthening the internal know-how, through the standardisation of 
production solutions and the application of new technologies in the fields of design and project 
management. Synergies were immediately put in place with the launch of development sites 
and integration projects. The economic value of the transaction, in terms of enterprise value 
for 100% of the company, is equal to Euro 30 million. The agreement envisages the possibility 
of acquiring additional shares of up to 100% of the company from 2023. Accordingly, on 21 
April 2023, Acea completed the acquisition of the remaining 30% stake in Simam. 
Based on 100% of the enterprise value of Simam, the transaction has an economic value of 
Euro 30 million. Simam has been fully consolidated by Acea from 7 May 2020. The sale and 
purchase agreement provides for the possibility to purchase additional shares up to 100% of 
the Simam’s share capital, starting from 2023. The expected annual contribution to EBITDA 
is approximately Euro 7 million. Finally, On 24 July 2020 the price adjustment amounted to 
Euro 1.3 million.  
On 21 April 2023, Acea completed the acquisition of the remaining 30% of Simam (see section 
Recent Developments - Acea: acquisition of SIMAM completed). 
Research and innovation activities 
Acea Elabori carries out research and innovation activities in the water, environmental and 
energy sectors and develops technical consulting and applied research projects for the 
companies of the ACEA Group, aimed at technological and digital innovation, process 
optimisation and recovery of materials and energy with a focus on the circular economy and 
sustainable management, also making use of framework agreements with the scientific 
community and national and EU funded programmes. 
Among these projects, the so called “ACEASMARTCOMP Project” was prepared with the 
invaluable support of the University of Tuscia and Enea, targeting the logic of the Waste 
Transition and proposing a new model of organic waste management, from large plants to 
diffuse waste management. 
The project, which has required extensive development and involved internal and external 
expertise from many different areas, was patented in 2020 and is in the process of being 
industrialised.  
TWS offers a complete range of activities in the design, construction and management of plants 
for the management of integrated water service. In 2021, work continued on the construction 
contracts acquired on the market prior to TWS's entry into the ACEA Group and at the same 
time the implementation of works for the companies of the Group.  
Intra-group activities constitute the new mission of TWS's business, as it can acquire orders 
from the market to an extent not exceeding 20%, in accordance with regulatory requirements.

--- Page 164 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 160 - 
47-41059079 
 
Ingegnerie Toscane S.r.l. manages the conception and development of projects aimed at the 
completion of works, including the design, construction supervision and safety coordination. 
Year 2021 saw a strengthening of the traditional engineering services, which will assume 
greater weight within the services provided by the company, also as a result of the greater 
investments of the companies managing the Integrated Water Service, which are the main 
clients of the works design. From 2022, Ingegnerie Toscane will possibly manage an 
implementation of contracts acquired on the market. 
OVERSEAS 
The companies of the Overseas business segment of the Group provide integrated water 
services in Latin America (notably in Honduras, Dominican Republic, Colombia and Peru), 
with a customer base of approximately 4 million people. The activities of the Overseas segment 
are conducted with local and international partners, including through training of staff and 
transfer of expertise in favour of local entrepreneurs. 
In 2022, revenues from the Overseas business segment amounted to Euro 95.1 million, with 
an increase of Euro 18.0 million (23.3 per cent.) compared to the previous year (Euro 77.1 
million).  
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personnel costs, Income 
from equity investments and EBITDA of the Group’s Overseas business segment for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
Overseas 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
95.1 
77.1 
Costs .................................................. 
62.1 
49.7 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
33 
27.4 
 
The Group operates in the Overseas business segment mainly through the following 
companies: 
− Acea International S.A. an holding company substantially wholly-owned by the Issuer to 
which in April 2017 the Issuer transferred the shares of the following companies: 
o Aguas de San Pedro S.A. (Honduras) ("Aguas de San Pedro"), which carries out 
its activity with respect to customers of San Pedro Sula. The Group holds 60.65% 
of the share capital of Aguas de San Pedro, which is fully consolidated;  
o Acea Dominicana S.A. (Dominican Republic) ("Acea Dominicana"), which 
provides the service to the local municipality known as CAASD (Corporación del 
Acueducto y Alcantarillado de Santo Domingo). Acea Dominicana is wholly owned 
by Acea. 
− Agua Azul Bogotà S.A. (Colombia), of which the Group holds 51% of the share capital 
and is consolidated on the basis of the equity method with effect from the 2016 financial 
statements as a result of a change in the composition of the Board of Directors. The 
company is currently in liquidation.

--- Page 165 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 161 - 
47-41059079 
 
− Consorcio Agua Azul S.A. (Peru) ("Consorcio Agua Azul"), which provides water and 
sewerage services in the city of Lima. The Group held 25.5% of the share capital of 
Consorcio Agua Azul. On 13 January 2020, the Group acquired additional shares in the 
company from the outgoing shareholder Impregilo International Infrastructures N.V. As a 
result, the Group’s shareholding in Consorcio Agua Azul increased from 25.5% to 44.0%. 
− Acea Perù (Peru), which is wholly owned by Acea International S.A., was established on 
28 June 2018, in order to take development opportunities in Peru. From December 2019, 
the company is operating in the north area of Lima for an emergency situation in the 
maintenance of water supply.  
− Consorcio ACEA, established on 15 December 2020, is controlled by Acea Perù (99%) 
and ACEA ATO 2 (1%). Consorcio ACEA signed a three-year contract for the 
management of pumping stations for drinking water in Lima.  
− Consorcio Acea Lima Norte, controlled by Acea Perù (99%) and ACEA ATO2 (1%), 
established on 5 January 2021. Consorcio Acea Lima Norte signed a three-year contract 
for maintenance of the water and sewerage network in the northern zone of Lima. 
− Consorcio Acea Lima Sur, controlled by Acea Perù (99%) and ACEA ATO2 (1%), 
established on 6 October 2021. Consorcio Acea Lima Sur signed a three-year contract for 
corrective maintenance of the water and sewerage network in the southern zone of Lima. 
The contract started in December 2021. 
STRATEGY 
On 26 October 2020, the Board of Directors of Acea approved the 2020-2024 Business Plan 
(the “Business Plan”) which supersedes the previous 2019-2022 business plan (the “Previous 
Business Plan”) and was published on its website along with a press release summarising the 
main elements of such Business Plan. 
The Business Plan, which is characterised by a strong focus on sustainability, sets out the main 
financial targets of the Group, which include: 
- total capital expenditures of Euro 4.7 billion (including expenditure for extraordinary 
transactions) during the period 2020-2024, with a growth of approximately 700 million 
Euro compared to the Previous Business Plan;  
- an increase in the regulated asset base from Euro 4.4 billion at the end of 2019, to Euro 5.3 
billion at the end of 2022 and Euro 5.9 billion at the end of 2024; and 
- a balanced evolution of the ratio between Net Financial Position and regulated asset base, 
from 0.7x at the end of 2019, to 0.8x at the end of 2022 and 0.7x at the end of 2024. 
The Business Plan, which builds on, and continues the actions provided under, the Previous 
Business Plan also includes a significant evolution of the Group’s focus on sustainability, in 
particular the strong growth in the generation of electricity from renewable sources, in the 
photovoltaic business, and the commitment to electric mobility in order to effectively 
contribute more and more to energy transition and decarbonisation. These elements are 
reflected in the acronym “GRIDS”, which summarizes the actionable levers the ACEA Group 
is focused on. In particular, such “GRIDS” are designed to deliver continued growth (Growth), 
to increase the development of renewables, with 747 MW installed PV capacity in 2024

--- Page 166 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 162 - 
47-41059079 
 
(Renewables), to push on technological innovation also in industrial processes (Innovation), to 
achieve ambitious targets and exceed them (Delivery), with an approach that sees sustainable 
development as a cornerstone, in terms of an increasing focus on environmental impact and 
circular economy (Sustainability) with actions that directly reflect on company activities and 
on the products / services offered to our customers. The main services offered to customers 
supporting the ecological transition concern the installation of residential photovoltaic 
facilities and solar thermal plants (with the installation of about 1,000 domestic plants in 2024), 
the smart comp, a proximity composters that reduce the impacts of organic waste (with a target 
of 150 composters installed by 2024), the “100% ECO” sales offer - dedicated to all the 
customers of the free market. Acea will supply 100% green electricity, produced exclusively 
from renewable sources and certified with a "guarantee of origin", and gas with 0% CO2 
emission thanks to carbon dioxide emissions compensation through the purchase of certified 
carbon credits (VER: Verified Emissions Reduction). 
Investments 
The Business Plan provides for a target of Euro 4.7 billion in investments, approximately Euro 
700 million higher than the Previous Business Plan, of which Euro 4.3 billion related to 
industrial capex, over 80% of which in regulated businesses, and Euro 0.4 billion related to 
extraordinary transactions. A major drive will be on innovation where, over the period covered 
by the Business Plan, Euro 615 million will be invested in selected projects mainly concerning 
digitalisation (including the development of a new Salesforce CRM platform and the 
introduction of a corporate data lake and a data-driven asset management) and the creation of 
systems for intelligent grids and service management. 
The planned industrial capex initiatives are as follows: 
- Euro 2.2 billion in the Water sector, including Euro 170 million for projects related to 
ensuring the water supply continuity of the Peschiera and Marcio aqueducts; 
- Euro 1.3 billion in the Energy Infrastructure sector, of which Euro 145 million for upgrade 
investments in the power grid’s resilience and Euro 155 million for development work on 
the power grid; 
- Euro 0.2 billion for investments in organic growth of the Environment sector, as well as an 
additional amount of Euro 0.2 billion for extraordinary transactions, focused on waste 
recovery and treatment plants; 
- Euro 0.2 billion in the Commercial & Trading sector, mainly for activities aimed at new 
customer acquisition, digitalisation and the development of smart service offerings; 
- Euro 0.1 billion in the electricity Generation business segment, plus a further Euro 170 
million for extraordinary transactions to accelerate expansion of the photovoltaic plant 
portfolio; and 
- Euro 0.3 billion in other investments mainly related to IT systems and other investments. 
For additional information, see “ – Business segment actions” below. 
Focus on Sustainability 
In accordance with the Business Plan, the Group’s growth and value creation will be tied to 
the achievement of sustainability objectives, which are increasingly reflected in the 
performance indicators. Sustainability represents a characterising and structural element that

--- Page 167 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 163 - 
47-41059079 
 
guides the Group’s business decisions and operational management. Such focus on 
sustainability is reflected in the Business Plan, as Euro 2.1 billion in capital expenditures, out 
of a total of Euro 4.7 billion, representing an increase of Euro 400 million (of which, more than 
Euro 180 million relate to the installation of smart water and electric meters, more than Euro 
120 million relate to the efficiency and resiliency of electric grids and more than Euro 100 
million relate to the improvement of the purification system, including the reduction of dried 
sludge leaving the systems and upgrading of anaerobic digestion plants) as compared to the 
Previous Business Plan) are related to specific sustainability targets, selected based on their 
priority and relevance for the Group. More specifically, these investments will be dedicated to 
the protection and management of water resources, through actions on the grid that are 
expected to deliver significant reductions in leaks corresponding to a targeted recovery of 440 
million cubic metres of water over the Business Plan period.  
The following graph provides for the Acea’s targets pursued in the sustainability sector through 
the Business Plan 2020-2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
___ 
(1) Weighted average for the area. 
(2) 1.3 million of meters related to the Energy Infrastructure business (ARETI) and 0.5 million 
meters related to the Water business. 
 
The investments in sustainability will also include the contribution to the development of 
electric mobility, through the installation of more than 2,200 electric charging stations, and the 
fight against climate change, by increasing the electricity produced by photovoltaic plants. 
Specifically, the following chart shows the split of the capital expenditure investments 
projected and the sustainable developments goals, related to the sustainability targets to be 
reached by Acea over the Business Plan.  
DECENT WORK 
AND ECONOMIC 
GROWTH 
8 
CLEAN WATER 
AND 
SANITATION 
6 
AFFORDABLE 
AND CLEAN 
ENERGY 
7 
INDUSTRY 
INNOVATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
9 
SUSTAINABLE 
CITIES AND 
COMMUNITIES 
11 
RESPONSIBLE 
CONSUMPTION 
AND 
PRODUCTION 
12 
GDP and employment increase 
Preliminary and partial estimate only for the selected 
Water resource protection 
Losses reduction, IoT grids’ management, rationalization of purification system 
Quality of electricity service 
Improved resiliency of electric grids 
Smart city 
Installation of EV charging stations and water / electric smart meters 
Circular economy 
Waste treated with circular economy logics and reduction of sludge coming out of 
purification plants 
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
+5.8 B€ 
GDP 
+21K 
stable FTEs 
-11 pp
(1) 
losses reduction 
(440+ Mm
3 of 
resource saved) 
+36 
rationalized 
purification plants 
-40% 
Intervention Risk 
Index (IRI) 
~2,600 
cabins involved 
+2,200 
charging stations 
~1.8 M
(2) 
2G and water 
smart meter
+1.6 Mton  
(+120% 
waste treated 
~ -40% 
gCO2/KWh produced 
by Acea Produzione 
13 
Green energy 
Increase in production and consumption of green energy 
~45% 
sludge coming out of 
purification tanks to 
process 
innovation (drying) 
>140 kton/y 
CO2 avoided for 
internal consumption

--- Page 168 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 164 - 
47-41059079

--- Page 169 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 165 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
Sustainable development goals 
Capital 
expenditure in 
Euro/million 
Sustainability targets of 
the Issuer over the 
Business Plan 
 
6 
CLEAN 
WATER AND 
SANITATION 
263 
water losses reduction 
6 
CLEAN 
WATER AND 
SANITATION 9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND
INFRASTRUCTURE
13
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
220 
resiliency of Rome 
aqueduct system 
 
6 
CLEAN 
WATER AND 
SANITATION 7 
AFFORDABLE 
AND 
CLEAN 
ENERGY 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND
INFRASTRUCTURE 12
RESPONSIBLE 
CONSUMTION 
AND 
PRODUCTION 
13
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
127 
efficiency of purification 
system 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND
INFRASTRUCTURE 
234 
installation of smart 
meters for water and 
electricity 
7 
AFFORDABLE 
AND
CLEAN ENERGY 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION 
AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
13 
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
492 
resiliency and efficiency 
of electric grids 
7 
AFFORDABLE 
AND
CLEAN ENERGY 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION 
AND
INFRASTRUCTURE 
58 
infrastructure 
modernization and remote 
mgmt 
11 
SUSTAINABLE CITIES
AND COMMUNITIES 
12 
RESPONSIBLE 
CONSUMTION 
AND 
PRODUCTION 
445(1) 
circular economy 
treatment of waste 
 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND
INFRASTRUCTURE 
11 
SUSTAINABLE 
CITIES 
AND
COMMUNITIES 
13 
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
29 
e-mobility infrastructure 
7 
AFFORDABLE 
AND
CLEAN ENERGY 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 13 
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
212 
increase of green energy 
generation 
___ 
(1) Including Euro 206 million of capital expenditure in M&A activities. 
With regard to the sustainability ratings and indexes, in 2022 Acea recorded a score of “B, 
Management level” from CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), an international 
organization that runs a global disclosure system for companies, cities, states and regions to 
manage their risks and impacts linked to climate change. In July 2022, Standard Ethics 
promoted Acea by raising its outlook to “positive” mantaining the “EE” corporate 
sustainability rating. Furthermore, from June 2021, Acea is included in the SE Mid Italian 
Index, made up of a basket of 20 mid-caps listed on the Italian Stock Exchange. In January 
2022, Gaïa Rating - the French agency that assesses non-financial results and the effective 
integration of sustainability policies into corporate governance - published its rating on Acea, 
which saw a further growth, for the third consecutive year, in its sustainability indicators with 
a score of 82 out of 100 obtained in the overall evaluation of ESG. In December 2022, Acea 
has been included in the “MIB ESG Index”, which is dedicated to Italian blue-chip companies. 
The index combines measurement of economic performance with ESG impacts, in line with 
the UN Global Compact principles. In January 2023, Acea has improved again its score

--- Page 170 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 166 - 
47-41059079 
 
(62/100)10 in the assessment promote by Gaïa Rating, the French agency that assesses non-
financial results on the basis of 75 indicators and 4 areas of assessment (environment, social, 
governance and stakeholder relations). 
Business segment actions 
With specific reference to each business segment of the Group, the Business Plan provides the 
following actions: 
- Water: the expected growth in the Water sector is underpinned by an investment plan of 
Euro 2.2 billion, that will lead to a growth in the regulated asset base to Euro 3.2 billion by 
2024, reflecting an increase of 45% as compared to the end of 2019. Acea, as Italy’s leading 
water operator, intends to continue safeguarding the water resource by enhancing the 
quality and efficiency of the service offered in its geographical areas of operation, 
increasingly characterising itself as a “Smart Water Company” for the management of 
water resources in a sustainable and responsible manner. The main actions to be 
implemented during the Business Plan period will be related to the resilience and efficiency 
of the water service in the managed areas, with enhancements involving the Peschiera and 
Marcio aqueducts ensuring the water supply continuity, with an expected capital 
expenditure equal to Euro 170 million, the installation of an additional 500 thousand smart 
water meters and projects for the division of the grid into districts, the rationalisation of 
small water purification plants (with 36 rationalised plants) and their automation, the on-
going pursuit of water resource protection and a reduction of 11 pp11 of water losses and 
the performance optimisation of the grids through a water management system (with -15 
pp of incidence of failure). Acea will also evaluate opportunities for the growth and 
consolidation of the business by participating in new tenders in other territories. 
- Energy Infrastructure: the expected growth in the Energy Infrastructure sector is 
underpinned by an investment plan of Euro 1.3 billion which will result in a regulated asset 
base of Euro 2.7 billion Euro as at the end of 2024, reflecting a growth of approximately 
22% as compared to the end of 2019. Acea intends to strengthen its role as key player in 
the energy transition process via development projects aimed at satisfying the growing 
electricity demand and the integration of distributed generation within the delivery system. 
The initiatives that the Group intends to pursue in this area will involve the technological 
evolution of the grid, with digitalisation projects through remote control and IoT (Internet 
of Things) systems on private and public grids (equal to more than 60% medium voltage 
“MV”/low voltage “LV” of cabins) and the installation of second-generation smart meters, 
with approximately 1.3 million of installed meters by the end of 2024. Investments will 
also continue to be deployed in the resilience and strengthening of the power grid, with 
upgrades on specific cabins rewarded with a premium compared to the reference WACC 
(with more than Euro 145 million of capital expenditure). Moreover, the Business Plan 
provides for the introduction of a new control center for the grids’ management, with a 
capital expenditure of more than Euro 13 million, and for the development of the work on 
grids reflecting the new regulation on service continuity (including the recognition of a 
penalty for suspension), consisting of more than Euro 155 million of investments. 
 
10 In 2022, Gaïa Rating has changed its assessing methodology as well as the score awarded in the previous 
evaluations, therefore the 2021 Acea’s score (82/100), previous published, is not comparable. 
11 Weighted average for the area, equal to 440+ Mm3 of saved water over the Business Plan.

--- Page 171 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 167 - 
47-41059079 
 
- Generation: the Group plans to invest an amount equal to Euro 0.2 billion during the 
Business Plan period, mainly in extraordinary transactions but also in the development of 
projects already included in the portfolio for (Euro 47 million). The plan foresees an 
increase in power generation from green sources to support the decarbonisation and energy 
transition processes. To achieve this goal, Acea intends to increase its portfolio with 
approximately 747 MW of installed photovoltaic plant capacity by the end of 2024, of 
which 569 megawatt from greenfield facilities in industrial and agricultural areas and 178 
megawatt from extraordinary transactions, accelerating the photovoltaic portfolio growth. 
The growth envisaged in the Business Plan will also be enhanced by a partnership with 
financial investors, with a view to strengthening Acea’s positioning in the sector, while 
maintaining a solid capital structure. Moreover, among the main initiatives in the 
Generation business segment, Acea intends to deconsolidate its photovoltaic stake in order 
to reduce its financial exposure (with approximately Euro 150 million of deconsolidation 
in the Net Financial Position) and to increase its focus on photovoltaic investments, with 
the goal of becoming one of the main players in the sector. The new facilities will have an 
annual output at regime of over 1 TWh, corresponding to approximately 550 kt of avoided 
CO2 emissions. 
- Commercial and Trading: the Group plans to reach customer base with free-market 
supply arrangements of 1.6 million, resulting in a 17% increase in the total customer base 
as compared to the end of 2019. In terms of commercial activities, the actions foreseen in 
the Business Plan envisage a growth at national level, with a particular focus on central 
and southern Italy (with more than 240 thousand customers, reporting a net growth 
compared to 2019), supported by the regulated market phase-out, and an acceleration in 
the use of digital channels, through the implementation of a new platform for the customer 
journey management, which will entail the digitization of more than 100 thousand 
customers compared to 2019. The commercial push will take place in a more competitive 
and challenging context driven by the expected full liberalisation of the electricity market 
from 2022, thanks to cross-selling and up-selling opportunities, resulting in the change to 
the free market for about 700 thousand consumers, that will represent a chance to enhance 
and consolidate the Company’s position in the sector. Furthermore, Acea intends to boost 
the dual fuel penetration in the gas sector on the existing customer base, acquiring more 
than 80 thousand new gas customers compared to those in 2019. Acea will also focus on 
the offering of “Smart Services” to strengthen its relationship with customers through the 
provision of value-added services, such as those associated with energy efficiency, to 
increase the ACEA Group’s brand franchise and to implement the installation of residential 
photovoltaic facilities and solar thermal plants (with approximately 1,000 plants installed 
by the end of 2024). A further boost will come from the e-mobility segment that will see 
over 2,200 charging stations installed by 2024 and from the introduction of more than 150 
“Smart Comp” composters by the end of 2024, to be managed remotely through an IoT 
(Internet of Things) platform developed by Acea. Finally, Acea intends to push on energy 
efficiencies services, leveraging on opportunities from fiscal incentives, covering more 
than 100 condominiums by the end of 2024. 
- Environment: the growth in the Environment sector will be supported by investments 
totalling Euro 0.4 billion, of which Euro 0.2 billion related to extraordinary transactions. 
The growth will mainly be driven by the market consolidation towards the strengthening 
of the Waste-to-Material (WtM) chain, with a circular economy (also with a “one-stop-
shop” approach, aimed at adding more than 0.6 Mt/y of capacity by 2024) and integration 
of the acquired companies and the development of new M&A initiatives, which will drive 
an increase in the volumes of waste treated by the Group, which is expected to reach 2.9

--- Page 172 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 168 - 
47-41059079 
 
million tons by 2024. Acea intends to create value from the post-merger integration of 
acquired companies and the development of industrial synergies through an operating 
model commissioning and a control system integration (with more than 15 plants by 2024). 
The development of the business area will be focused on strengthening the waste recovery 
cycle, especially in Central Italy, in coherence with the circular economy development 
objectives, positioning the Group, in particular, as a key player in the processing and 
recycling of paper and plastic waste. This will lead to a further development in the special 
waste segment, promoting synergies with the Water (e.g. sludge) and the WtE (e.g. ashes) 
segments, with more than 0.5 Mt/a of added capacity by the end of 2024. Therefore, the 
“core business” of Acea in this business segment will result in the consolidation of energy 
recovery (WtE), in the disposal treatment of non-separated waste and in the disposal / 
treatment of organic waste (with more than 0.5 Mt/a of added capacity by the end of 2024). 
- Engineering & Services: the Group plans to implement the Engineering & Services 
segment through the development of a building oriented company, tasked with a turnkey 
management of construction and engineering activities, and through the end-to-end 
management of investments, reducing the execution times and strengthening the laboratory 
activities. In particular, this will result in the development of a commercial unit supporting 
the growth and of a research center. Moreover, Acea plans to improve its performance 
(gaining more than 20% of insourcing margin as general contractor) reducing unitary costs 
related to Servizio Idrico Integrato S.c.P.A. (“SII”) and to construct plants through the 
internalisation of construction activities with an EPC (with more than Euro 440 million of 
realised plants by 2024).  
Additional Strategic Opportunities 
Thanks to its solid financial and capital structure, the Group expects to be able to pursue 
additional strategic opportunities that will further consolidate its position in the areas where it 
is already present, in line with the market trends of the sector. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE ISSUER 
The corporate governance rules for Italian companies whose shares are listed on the Italian 
Stock Exchange are set forth in the Italian Civil Code, in Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as subsequently amended (Testo Unico della Finanza) and in the relevant 
CONSOB implementing regulations. 
ACEA’s corporate governance is implemented in accordance with Italian legal requirements 
and best practice, and is compliant with the model recommended by the Corporate Governance 
Code (Codice di Corporate Governance) approved in January 2020 by the Corporate 
Governance Committee of the Italian Stock Exchange. 
ACEA has adopted a "traditional" corporate governance system consisting of the shareholders’ 
meeting, the board of directors and the board of statutory auditors. 
The auditing of ACEA’s financial statements is undertaken by an independent auditing firm 
enrolled with the specific register provided by the law (for further details, please see "General 
Information – Auditors" below).

--- Page 173 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 169 - 
47-41059079 
 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to Article 15 of the Issuer’s by-laws, ACEA’s board of directors (the "Board of 
Directors") shall consist of a minimum of seven and a maximum of thirteen members, who 
shall remain in office for a period of no longer than three years, after which they may be re-
elected. 
ACEA’s by-laws provide for a voting list system for the appointment of all members of the 
Board of Directors12. 
The current members of the Board of Directors were appointed at the ordinary shareholders’ 
meeting held on 18 April 2023 and, with the exception of the following, will remain in office 
until the ordinary shareholders’ meeting to be called to approve the financial statements of 
ACEA as of and for the year ending 31 December 2025.  
The Board of Directors, therefore, is currently composed of thirteen members, ten of whom 
are independent in accordance with applicable law, ACEA’s by-laws and the Corporate 
Governance Code. 
The Board of Directors has a key role in the organisational structure of ACEA and the Group 
as it is the body which defines the strategic objectives of the Group and monitors their 
implementation and progress. It is vested with all the powers provided by law and the Issuer’s 
by-laws, including powers of ordinary and extraordinary administration. 
 
Name 
Position 
Date elected 
Barbara Marinali 
Chairman 
18 April 2023  
Fabrizio Palermo 
Chief Executive Officer and  
General Manager 
3 May 2023  
Antonella Rosa Bianchessi 
Director* 
18 April 2023  
Alessandro Caltagirone 
Director* 
18 April 2023  
Massimiliano Capece Minutolo del 
Sasso 
Director* 
18 April 2023 
Antonio Cusimano 
Director* 
18 April 2023  
Thomas Devedjian 
Director** 
18 April 2023  
Elisabetta Maggini  
Director* 
18 April 2023 
Luisa Melara 
Director* 
18 April 2023  
Angelo Piazza  
Director* 
18 April 2023  
Alessandro Picardi 
Director* 
18 April 2023 
 
12  
The voting lists shall be submitted at least twenty or twenty-five days, respectively, before the date set for 
the first annual meeting of the Board of Directors by the exiting directors or by the shareholders who alone 
or together with other shareholders, represent at least one per cent of the shares entitled to vote at the ordinary 
general meeting. No person can be a candidate in more than one list and each shareholder has the right to 
vote for only one list. The appointment shall proceed as follows: (i) half plus one of the directors shall be 
elected from the list that obtains the majority of votes; and (ii) the remaining directors shall be elected from 
the other lists.

--- Page 174 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 170 - 
47-41059079 
 
Name 
Position 
Date elected 
Patrizia Rutigliano 
Director* 
18 April 2023  
Nathalie Tocci 
Director* 
18 April 2023 
*Independent non-executive director 
**Non-executive director 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is the registered office 
of ACEA at Piazzale Ostiense, 2, 00154 Rome, Italy. 
Other offices held by members of the Board of Directors 
The principal business activities and other directorships, if any, of each of the members of the 
Board of Directors outside the Group are summarised below.  
 
Name 
Position 
Company/organization 
Barbara Marinali 
Director 
Webuild 
S.p.A. 
Fabrizio Palermo 
None  
None 
Antonella Rosa Bianchessi 
None 
None 
Alessandro Caltagirone 
Vice Chairman 
 
 
 
 
 
Director  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sole Director 
Alborg 
Portland 
Holding A/S 
Cementir 
Holding N.V. 
Caltagirone 
Editore S.p.A. 
Vianini Lavori 
S.p.A. 
Il Messaggero 
S.p.A. 
Caltagirone 
Sp.A. 
Il 
Gazzettino 
S.p.A. 
Fincal S.A. 
Società per lo 
sviluppo 
Urbano S.p.a. 
Finanziaria 
Italia 
2005 
S.p.A.

--- Page 175 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 171 - 
47-41059079 
 
Name 
Position 
Company/organization 
Massimiliano Capece Minutolo 
del Sasso 
Chairman  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sole Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
Director 
Il 
Mattino 
S.p.A. 
ICAL2 S.p.A. 
Società per lo 
sviluppo 
urbano S.p.A. 
Domus Roma 
15 S.r.l. 
Domus 
Italia 
S.p.A. 
Porto 
Torre 
S.p.A. 
Romana 
Partecipazioni 
2005 S.r.l. 
Imprese 
Tipografiche 
Venete S.r.l. 
Servizi 
Italia 
15 S.r.l. 
Energia S.p.A. 
Immobiliare 
Caltagirone 
S.p.A. 
Fincal S.p.A. 
FGC S.p.A. 
Il 
Gazzettino 
S.p.A. 
Piemme S.p.A. 
Vianini S.p.A. 
 
Antonio Cusimano 
Senior Vice President,  
General Counsel 
Nexsans S.A. 
Thomas Devedjian 
CFO 
Suez Group 
Elisabetta Maggini  
Director 
 
 
 
 
Sorgente SGR 
S.p.A. 
Sorgente 
Group S.r.l. 
Consap S.p.A.

--- Page 176 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 172 - 
47-41059079 
 
Name 
Position 
Company/organization 
 
Chairman 
ASP Regione 
Lazio 
ANCE Roma 
Giovani 
Luisa Melara 
Corporate legal advisor 
 
ANCE 
(Ass. 
Naz. 
Costruttori 
Edili) 
Angelo Piazza  
Founding Partner 
 
 
 
University Professor 
 
Director 
Director 
 
 
 
 
Chairman Statutory Auditor 
 
 
 
 
Presidente O.d.V. 
 
 
 
Presidente O.d.V. 
Associazione 
Professionale 
A.A.A. 
Low 
Firm 
Università 
Studi di Roma 
Foro Italico 
SAVE S.p.A. 
CDP 
Real 
Asset Società 
di 
Gestione 
del 
Risparmio 
S.p.A 
La 
Villata 
S.p.A. 
Immobiliare 
di 
Investimento 
e Sviluppo 
La 
Villata 
S.p.A. 
Immobiliare di 
Investimento e 
Sviluppo 
Fondazione 
Enrico Mattei 
Alessandro Picardi 
Chairman 
FinLombarda 
Gestioni SGR 
S.p.A. 
Nexting S.r.l. 
 Patrizia Rutigliano 
None  
None  
Nathalie Tocci 
Institute Director 
Istituto Affari 
Internazionali 
(IAI)

--- Page 177 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 173 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
Internal committees of the Board of Directors 
In accordance with the Corporate Governance Code, the Board of Directors has established the 
following internal committees:  
(i) 
the Appointments and Compensation Committee (composed of Massimiliano Capece 
Minutolo (Chairman), Angelo Piazza, Patrizia Rutigliano and Nathalie Tocci); 
(ii) 
the Risks and Control Committee (composed of Alessandro Picardi (Chairman), 
Antonino Cusimano, Massimiliano Capece Minutolo del Sasso and Thomas Devedjian 
and Elisabetta Maggini); 
(iii) 
the Ethics, Sustainability and Inclusion Committee (composed of Elisabetta Maggini 
(Chairman), Massimiliano Capece Minutolo Del Sasso, Antonella Rosa Bianchessi and 
Luisa Melara and Patrizia Rutigliano); and 
(iv) 
the Related Party Committee (composed of Angelo Piazza (Coordinator), Massimiliano 
Capece Minutolo Del Sasso and Antonella Rosa Bianchessi, Luisa Melara and Patrizia 
Rutigliano). 
Officers 
The table below sets forth ACEA’s current executive officers who are not members of the 
Board of Directors (together with their role and their respective departments) at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Area 
Sabrina Di Bartolomeo 
Executive 
Administration, finance and 
control 
Elisabetta Scosceria 
Executive 
Legal Affairs 
Cosmo Damiano Marzulli 
Executive 
Corporate Affairs 
Elvira Angrisani 
Executive 
Investor Relations 
Virman Cusenza 
Executive 
Communications 
Claudio Mancini 
Executive 
Human Resources 
Emiliano Sorrenti 
Executive 
Technology & Solutions 
Giovanni Papaleo 
Executive 
Chief Operating Office 
Valerio Marra 
Executive 
Sales and Trading 
 
Further to the above, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Acea is in the process of appointing 
an executive officer responsible for the “Investor Relations & Sustainability” area.  
Board of Statutory Auditors  
Pursuant to Article 22 of Acea’s by-laws, Acea’s board of statutory auditors (the "Board of 
Statutory Auditors") is composed of three statutory auditors and two alternate auditors. 
Acea’s by-laws provide for a voting list system for the appointment of all members of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. The members of the Board of Statutory Auditors shall be 
appointed according to provisions of Article 15 of Acea’s By-laws concerning the appointment

--- Page 178 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 174 - 
47-41059079 
 
of the Board of Directors. The appointment procedure is as follows: (i) half plus one of the 
Statutory Auditors and one Alternate Statutory Auditor shall be elected from the list that 
obtains the majority of votes; and (ii) the remaining members shall be elected from the minority 
lists. The Shareholders’ Meeting shall appoint the Chairman. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is vested with the supervision and control powers provided 
by applicable law, by the Issuer’s by-laws and by the Corporate Governance Code. 
The current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors were appointed by the ordinary 
shareholders’ meeting held on 27 April 2022 and will remain in office until the ordinary 
shareholders’ meeting to be called to approve the financial statements of the Issuer as of and 
for the year ending 31 December 2024. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors of Acea is currently composed of the following members: 
Name 
Position 
Maurizio Lauri 
Chairman 
Claudia Capuano 
Statutory Auditor 
Leonardo Quagliata 
Statutory Auditor 
Rosina Cichello 
Alternate Auditor 
Vito Di Battista 
Alternate Auditor 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is Piazzale 
Ostiense, 2, 00154 Rome, Italy. 
Other offices held by members of the Board Statutory Auditors 
The principal business activities and other directorships, if any, of each of the members of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors outside the Group are summarised below.  
 
Name 
Position/office 
Company / organization 
Maurizio Lauri 
Statutory Auditor 
 Tirreno Power S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor 
 Banco BPM S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Officine CST S.p.A 
Claudia Capuano Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
Financit S.p.A (già BNL Finance S.p.A.) 
 
Statutory Auditor 
RML Comunicazione S.r.l. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Body 
(organismo 
di 
vigilanza) 
COTRAL S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Body 
(organismo 
di 
vigilanza) - Sole Auditor 
E. B. Elettroforniture Borghini S.p.A. 
 
Leonardo 
Quagliata 
Statutory Auditor 
Leonardo S.p.A.

--- Page 179 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 175 - 
47-41059079 
 
Name 
Position/office 
Company / organization 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
 Acea Produzione S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  AE Sun Capital S.r.l. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Ferrovie dello Stato  International S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Mondadori Libri S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Sarnese Vesuviano S.r.l. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
   Telespazio S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Terna Rete Italia S.p.A.  
 
Statutory Auditor 
Augusta Due S.r.l, 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Janna S.c.r.l. 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Mednav S.p.A. 
 
Rosina Cichello 
Statutory Auditor 
Istituto Oncologico Veneto I.R.C.C.S (IOV) 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Acque Blu Arno Basso S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Ecogena S.r.l. 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Sarnese Vesuviano S.r.l. 
 
Vito Di Battista 
Statutory Auditor 
Agenzia Giornalistica Italiana S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor 
 Agro Camera- Azienda Speciale della Camera 
di Commercio di Roma   
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors, Chairman and 
CEO 
   Angelini Finaziaria S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Avio S.p.A, 
 
Statutory Auditor 
D - Share S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Fondazione Toscana Gabriele Monastiero 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
   IBL Real Estate S.r.l. 
 
Director 
 Società per Promozioni Immobiliari s.s. 
 
Director 
 VALIM 1985 s.s. 
 
Potential conflicts of interest  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no member of the Board of Directors or the Board of 
Statutory Auditors has declared a private interest or has any other duties which constitute an 
actual or a potential conflict of interest of such member with respect to his duties to the Issuer 
or which could be material in the context of the issue of the Notes.

--- Page 180 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 176 - 
47-41059079 
 
SHARE CAPITAL  
As at 31 December 2022, Acea has an authorised, issued and fully paid-up share capital of 
Euro 1,098,898,884, consisting of 212,964,900 ordinary shares with a par value of Euro 5.16 
each. Each ordinary share carries one voting right at the shareholders’ meeting, save for 
416,993 treasury shares, representing 0.2 per cent. of Acea’s share capital, in respect of which 
the relevant voting rights have been suspended. 
Pursuant to Article 6, paragraph 1 of the Issuer’s by-laws, shareholders other than the 
Municipality of Rome, or its subsidiaries, which hold equity investments in excess of 8 per 
cent. of the share capital, may not exercise their voting rights in respect of any shares exceeding 
such threshold.  
ACEA has not issued any other categories of shares or any financial instruments convertible 
into or exchangeable into ordinary shares. 
There are no outstanding stock option or stock grant plans which require share capital 
increases. 
MATERIAL SHAREHOLDERS 
As at 31 December 2022, the shareholders which owned, directly or indirectly, a shareholding 
exceeding 3 per cent. of ACEA’s voting capital were the following: 
Declarant or 
party at the top of 
the investment 
chain 
Party directly holding the major 
shareholding 
Percentage 
of the voting 
share capital 
Percentage 
of the 
ordinary 
share capital 
Name 
Type of Possession % 
% 
SUEZ SA 
SUEZ 
INTERNATIONAL 
SAS 
Beneficial ownership 23.333 
23.333 
Total 
23.333 
23.333 
Total 
23.333 
23.333 
ROMA 
CAPITALE 
ROMA CAPITALE 
Beneficial ownership 51.000 
51.000 
Total 
51.000 
51.000 
Total 
51.000 
51.000 
CALTAGIRONE 
FRANCESCO 
GAETANO 
CAPITOLIUM SRL 
Beneficial ownership 0.141 
0.141 
 
Total 
0.141 
0.141 
CALTAGIRONE SPA Beneficial ownership 1.174 
1.174 
 
Total 
1.174 
1.174 
FINCAL SPA 
Beneficial ownership 3.052 
3.052 
 
Total 
3.052 
3.052 
FGC SPA 
Beneficial ownership 1.085 
1.085 
 
Total 
1.085 
1.085 
Total 
5.452 
5.452 
Source: Consob 
The Issuer’s controlling shareholder is Roma Capitale (the Municipality of Rome).

--- Page 181 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 177 - 
47-41059079 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the knowledge of the Issuer there is no shareholders’ 
agreement among the Issuer’s shareholders.  
LITIGATION  
The aggregate volume of pending litigation in which one or more companies of the Group are 
involved is relatively small, both in terms of number of cases (less than one thousand) and of 
economic risk associated therewith. In order to address the financial impact of such litigation, 
ACEA appropriate provisioning in its financial statements. See also "Risk Factors – Legal and 
internal control risks – Risks related to legal and tax proceedings and the potential violation 
of laws and regulations." 
Below is a summary of the main legal proceedings in which the Group is currently involved. 
ACEA ATO 2 – Parco dell’Aniene (Alleged Failure to repair a sewerage system) 
In June 2019, the company Parco dell’Aniene S.c.a.r.l. sued ACEA ATO 2 and Roma Capitale 
for alleged liability of the defendants, jointly and severally or to the extent to which they are 
responsible, for alleged wrongful acts arising from the failure to build and/or repair the 
sewerage system prior to the construction works carried out by the claimant in the Tor Cervara 
- Via Melibeo area. The consortium is making an exorbitant claim for compensation, totalling 
more than Euro 105 million.  
The judge, initially stating that the objection raised by ACEA regarding a lack of jurisdiction 
was sufficient to issue a judgement, postponed the hearing for the clarification of conclusions.  
Parco dell’Aniene S.c.a.r.l. had simultaneously filed an appeal with the United Sections of the 
Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), based on the jurisdiction matter.  
By order of 29 July 2021, the Court dismissed the appeal, declaring the administrative Court 
as competent of jurisdiction. Consequently, the proceeding has been resumed before the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court (Tar Lazio). Currently, the date of the hearing has yet to be 
announced. Thereafter, on 15 November 2022, the Court of Rome declared that the civil 
lawsuit was inadmissible due to lack of jurisdiction. 
ACEA ATO 5 – tax inspection and fiscal disputes 
As a consequence of a general tax audit started on 7 March 2018 by the Guardia di Finanza – 
the Italian Economic and Financial Police Unit of Frosinone – Section for the Protection of 
Public Finance, on 31 December 2019, three notices of assessment were served by the Italian 
Revenue Agency: 
• one notice of assessment regarding IRES (imposta sul reddito delle società) for the year 
ended on 31 December 2013, for an amount of Euro 3.1 million for taxes, net of penalties 
and interest; 
• a second notice of assessment regarding IRAP (imposta regionale sulle attività produttive) 
for the year ended on 31 December 2014, for an amount of Euro 0.9 million for taxes, net 
of penalties and interest; and 
• a third notice of assessment regarding IRES (imposta sul reddito delle società) for the year 
ended on 31 December 2014 for an amount of Euro 5.2 million for taxes, net of penalties 
and interest.

--- Page 182 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 178 - 
47-41059079 
 
The notices of assessment were served to ACEA, as consolidating and parent company. The 
relevant companies of the ACEA Group involved in such matter filed an appeal before the 
Provincial Tax Commission of Frosinone on 28 February 2020. With regard to the findings 
contested in these notices, supported by the opinion of their tax advisors, the relevant 
companies of the ACEA Group considered the Italian Revenue Agency’s requests to be 
completely ungrounded. The proceeding is currently pending and a first hearing is still to be 
scheduled. 
Acea paid a third of the amounts ascertained for a total amount of Euro 3,311,335 during the 
first half of 2020. 
On 19 January 2021, the Provincial Tax Commission declared null and void the above notices.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the case is pending before the Regional Tax Commission 
and the hearing date should be scheduled soon. 
On 23 December 2021, two notices of assessment were served by the Italian Revenue Agency: 
• one notice of assessment regarding IRES (imposta sul reddito delle società) for the year 
ended on 31 December 2016, for an amount of Euro 1.3 million for taxes, net of penalties 
and interest; and 
• a second notice of assessment regarding IRAP (imposta regionale sulle attività produttive) 
for the year ended on 31 December 2016, for an amount of Euro 0.2 million for taxes, net 
of penalties and interest. 
 
On 28 December 2021, two additional notices of assessment were served by the Italian 
Revenue Agency: 
• one notice of assessment regarding IRES (imposta sul reddito delle società) for the year 
ended on 31 December 2015, for an amount of Euro 1.5 million for taxes, net of penalties 
and interest; and 
• a second notice of assessment regarding IRAP (imposta regionale sulle attività produttive) 
for the year ended on 31 December 2015, for an amount of Euro 0.3 million for taxes, net 
of penalties and interest. 
 
The notices of assessment were served to ACEA, as consolidating and parent company. The 
relevant companies of the ACEA Group involved in such matter filed an appeal before the 
Provincial Tax Commission of Frosinone. With regard to the findings contested in these 
notices, supported by the opinion of their tax advisors, the relevant companies of the ACEA 
Group considered that there is a remote risk of losing said proceedings. 
As regards the appeals submitted against the notices of assessment for corporation tax (IRES 
2015 and 2016), last hearing before the Provincial Tax Commission was held on 16 May 2023. 
The decision of the Provincial Tax Commission has not yet been notified. 
Acea RSE tax inspection and fiscal disputes 
On 14 June 2012, Acea RSE was delivered a Report on Findings from the Italian Financial 
Police – Rome Tax Police Department following its inspection to check the correct use of the 
tax suspension provisions under the VAT tax warehouse system pursuant to article 50-bis of 
Law Decree no. 331 of 30 August 1993 ("VAT Warehouses"), relating to certain assets 
imported by the company in 2009, 2010 and 2011.

--- Page 183 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 179 - 
47-41059079 
 
Based on the alleged abusive use of the aforementioned system by the company, the inspectors 
charged the company with failure to pay VAT on imports – for 2009, 2010 and 2011 – 
amounting to Euro 16,198,714.87. 
On 6 August 2012, Acea RSE submitted a defence brief pursuant to art. 12, paragraph 7, of 
Law no. 212 of 27 July 2000 concerning the findings contained in the aforementioned Report 
on Findings. 
The issue relating to the concepts of simulated warehouses and the introduction of goods to 
the country is particularly well-known and debated, and has been the subject of numerous 
papers on practices issued by the Italian Customs Authority and several cases of legal 
intervention. 
ACEA considers that all the factual and legal conditions envisaged in the regulation on the use 
of VAT Warehouses, as interpreted by the relevant administrative bodies, were fully satisfied 
and therefore the aforementioned Report on Findings is without grounds, also taking into 
account the following: as concerns the particular case of the provision of services for the assets 
held at the VAT Warehouses (case set forth in letter h) of art. 50-bis of Law Decree no. 
331/1993), art. 34, paragraph 44 of Law Decree no. 179 of 18 October 2012, recently amended 
art. 16, paragraph 5-bis of Law Decree no. 185 of 29 November 2008 (on the authoritative 
interpretation of letter h) of art. 50-bis noted above) establishing, for that case, that VAT must 
be deemed definitively paid if, when the merchandise is taken from the VAT Warehouse for 
marketing within the country, the regulations set forth in paragraph 6 of art. 50-bis of Law 
Decree 331/93 are correctly implemented, or the reverse charge procedures pursuant to art. 17, 
paragraph 2, of Presidential Decree no. 633 of 26 October 1972 are correctly applied. 
Management believes that ACEA’s approach appears to be supported by Circular n. 16/D of 
20 October 2014 issued by the Customs Agency following the decision of the Court of Justice 
of 17 July 2014 no. C-272/13.  
Enel Green Power Italia  
On 27 July 2020, Enel Green Power Italia S.r.l. (“EGP”) sued ACEA ATO 2 before the 
Regional Court of Public Waters “(TRAP)”, through the Court of Appeal of Rome, claiming 
the recognition of its right to receive a greater amount than that already paid by ACEA ATO 2 
as an indemnity for lower voltage (due in accordance with relevant provisions of the agreement 
entered into by and between the parties on 1985), for electricity which could not be produced 
with the Farfo 1 salto, Farfa 2 salto, Nazzano and Castel Giubileo systems, subject to derivation 
of waters from the Le Capore sources. 
Specifically, EGP stated that Acea calculated in a wrong way the indemnity amount for the 
period from 2009 to 2019 – being non-compliance with the methods prescribed in the 
agreement entered into on 1985. Therefore, EGP claimed to be entitled to receive a total 
amount of Euro 11,614,564.85, plus additional sums as adjustments after 31 December 2019, 
as well as interest on arrears. 
ACEA ATO 2 filed its defence, noting the ungrounded nature of the interpretation of the 
agreement on which EGP based its request and providing for a different method for the 
quantification of the indemnity, considered to be in line with the agreements reached by the 
parties during the course of the contractual relationship.

--- Page 184 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 180 - 
47-41059079 
 
Based on the application of the calculation method proposed and in the light of the indemnity 
amounts already paid, ACEA ATO 2 formulated a counter-claim for the return of an amount 
equal to Euro 3,246,201.46, plus legal interest. 
With a decision dated 14 November 2022, the TRAP declared its lack of jurisdiction, electing 
the civil Court of Rome as the competent authority to decide over the same matters. 
By a writ of summon served on 25 January 2023, EGP resumed the judgement before the Court 
of Rome: the first hearing has been scheduled for 1 Febraury 2024. 
Acea and ACEA ATO 2 - CO.LA.RI.  
On 23 June 2017, Consorzio Co.La.Ri. and E. Giovi S.r.l. – respectively the manager of the 
Malagrotta (RM) landfill and executive consortium member – filed a claim against the Issuer 
and ACEA ATO 2, requesting approximately Euro 36 million as payment of the portion of 
landfill access tariffs, as established by Legislative Decree No. 36/2003, for the entire term of 
the agreement for the use of the landfill (i.e., 1985 – 2009). Alternatively, should the rules of 
Legislative Decree No. 36/2003 be deemed non-retroactive, the plaintiffs requested the 
payment of approximately Euro 8 million as consideration for the period 2003 – 2009, as well 
as the payment of the amounts due for the period 1985 – 2003 as determined by experts 
appointed by court.  
The judge set the hearing for conclusions on 22 March 2021 and postponed to 26 April 2022. 
Meanwhile, the lack of legal standing of Consorzio Co.La.Ri.’s and E. Giovi’s has been 
objected as a consequence of the commissioner of Malagrottas’ landfill established by DPCM 
of 18 February 2022 (in connection to remediation and post operation activities). The judge 
reserved ruling on such objection and, currently, the parties are waiting for the judge to lift the 
reservation. 
ARETI – Dispute GALA S.p.A. 
In November 2015, Areti signed a transport contract for the electricity distribution and 
metering service with Gala S.p.A. ("Gala”), a company that sells electricity to end users. 
Starting in March 2017, Gala fully ceased to pay the fees invoiced and due to Areti. On 7 April 
2017, Areti, as a creditor, enforced the guarantees issued by Gala in its favour. In addition, due 
to non-fulfilment of the obligations deriving from the contract being disputed by both Gala and 
the guarantors, the termination clauses found therein were triggered. The main pending 
disputes generated by such matter are summarised below. 
Judgement filed by the guarantor Euroins Insurance plc 
In July 2017, Euroins Insurance plc, a guarantor of Gala, independently introduced an 
assessment proceeding to declare the non-existence of its obligation deriving from the 
guarantee. The proceeding was started before Section XVII of the Court of Rome. With a 
judgement dated 10 May 2021, the action for ascertainment of invalidity was rejected, with an 
order to Euroins to pay Areti Euro 5 million (plus legal interest and legal expenses). The 
judgement also ordered Gala to ensure the release of the guarantor, directly paying Areti Euro 
5 million, plus legal interest. 
On 8 June 2021, Gala spontaneously made the payment of the amount provided for in the 
judgement, paying Areti Euro 5,058,986.30, including legal interest (being equal to Euro

--- Page 185 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 181 - 
47-41059079 
 
58,986.30). Considering that a parallel civil proceeding was also ongoing between Gala and 
Areti, such payment was made with reservation of, inter alia, recovery of undue payments. 
Gala’s appeal was filed on 10 December 2021 and the hearing has been postponed to 22 June 
2026 for the oral discussion.  
GALA’s summons to areti, Acea Energia and Acea  
In March 2018, Gala requested the Court of Rome to declare the invalidity of some clauses of 
the transport contract stipulated with Areti in November 2015 and the consequent 
invalidity/ineffectiveness of the termination of the contract by Areti, ordering the latter to pay 
the corresponding damage, for a total amount exceeding Euro 200,000,000.00. Gala also 
requested that the behaviour of Areti and the other defendant companies, Acea and Acea 
Energia, be declared acts of unfair competition, condemning them to pay the corresponding 
damages. The companies of the Acea group that were involved in such proceeding promptly 
reacted within the terms set forth by the relevant Italian law and acted for the denial of the 
opposing claims, requesting their rejection. In addition, as a counterclaim, Areti requested to 
declare the contract legitimately terminated, as well as to ascertain and declare the non-
fulfilment of Gala of the payment and guarantee obligations assumed under the transport 
contract with consequent order to pay the related amount, plus interest and without prejudice 
to the additional amounts being accrued. With the ruling of 16 June 2023, the Court, accepting 
the defence arguments of Areti, Acea and Acea Energia, rejected all the claims brought by 
Gala and accepted the counterclaim of Areti, declaring the contract terminated, with the 
consequent condemnation of Gala to pay. The terms for the appeal are still pending.  
On 3 February 2023, Gala has registered a request to start a negotiated settlement procedure 
for the resolution of the crisis pursuant to Article 12 and seq. of Legislative Decree 14/2019. 
The procedure is currently in progress. 
Acea - Milano ’90 
On 28 February 2007, Acea, as seller, and Milano 90 S.r.l., as purchaser ("Milano 90"), entered 
into a sale and purchase agreement for the sale of an area in the Municipality of Rome, with 
access from via Laurentina No. 555. On 5 November 2008, the parties subsequently amended 
such agreement, in order to increase the sale price from Euro 18 million to Euro 23 million – 
to be paid by the purchaser on 31 March 2009 – and to delete references to the earn out 
mechanism (the "SPA"). 
Since Milano 90 did not fulfil its duties and obligations under the SPA, Acea served a court 
injunction against Milano ’90, for the recovery of the amounts claimed. Milano 90 opposed 
the aforementioned injunction and claimed the recovery of any sums paid in advance, thereby 
obtaining a temporary suspension of the enforcement measure brought by Acea against it. 
With decision n. 3258/2018, the Court of Rome rejected the opposition filed by Milano 90 
(confirming the claims made by Acea) and ordered Milano 90 to pay the costs of the 
proceedings. 
Appeal 
On 26 April 2018, Milano 90 filed an appeal against the ruling of the Court of Rome. As a 
result of an oral hearing, the Court of Appeal rejected the request for suspension of the 
enforcement measure applied. The final hearing was held on 10 September 2021. By judgment

--- Page 186 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 182 - 
47-41059079 
 
of 23 June 2022, the Court of Appeal of Rome confirmed in full the judgment of the court of 
first instance, ordering the other party (i.e. Milano 90) to pay the costs of the proceedings.  
By recurring to the jurisdiction of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), Milano 90 
appealed against the judgment issued by the Rome Court of Appeal. Currently, the date of the 
hearing has yet to be announced. 
Enforcement procedure  
Following the positive first instance decision on 27 March 2018, Acea lodged the appeal for 
the resumption of the enforcement procedure against Milano 90 and third party (the garnishee). 
As a result of the opposition lodged by the third party on 25 March 2022 the payment of the 
amount assigned to Acea was carried out. 
ACEA and ARETI – MP 31 S.r.l. (formerly ARMOSIA MP S.r.l.) 
In 2015, the Court of Rome issued an injunctive order against ARETI for an amount of Euro 
26,621.34, requested by MP 31 S.r.l., formerly known as ARMOSIA MP S.r.l. ("MP"), in 
relation to the failure of ARETI to pay rental fees for the months of April, May and June 2014, 
due under a lease agreement connected to the property in Rome located in Via Marco Polo 31. 
The injunction was declared provisionally enforceable by order of 8 July 2015. 
In the hearing held on 17 February 2016, the judge adjoined this case with another one pending 
before the Court of Rome, filed by Acea and ARETI (as transferee of the lease agreement) 
aimed at obtaining the termination of the lease agreement.  
In the context of the latter proceeding, MP also claimed compensation for damages incurred in 
consideration of the degrading condition of the building – when it was released by ARETI.  
With decision dated 27 November 2017, the Court of Rome upheld the application of the 
measure adopted against ARETI, condemning it to the payment of the previous rental fees in 
the amount of approximately Euro 2,759,818.76, as well as the payment of any and all the 
rental fees up to lease agreement expiry (i.e. 29 December 2022).  
On January 2018, Acea filed an appeal, whose hearing - initially scheduled for 16 April 2020 
– was first postponed to 19 September 2024. 
Acea – Former COS rulings 
The dispute concerns the ascertainment of the illegality of the contract between ALMAVIVA 
Contact (formerly known as COS) (“Almaviva”) and ACEA and the consequent right of 
Almaviva’s workers to be recognised as employees of ACEA. 
The majority of cases in which ACEA was unsuccessful were settled, and, out of six claims, 
only two were brought before the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) by ACEA. 
These judgements were settled by dismissal orders – made on, respectively, 2 and 10 July 2019 
– of ACEA's application and, therefore, the establishment of the employment contract between 
ACEA and the opposing parties as from 2004 was confirmed. The claimants have therefore 
started to work concretely as employees of ACEA starting from February 2020.  
Quantification judgements concerning remuneration differences for the period 2008/2014

--- Page 187 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 183 - 
47-41059079 
 
The six workers who won their cases (i.e. with whom a subordinate employment relationship 
with ACEA was established) have initiated actions quantifying their claims, requesting 
payment of the wages due as a result of the established employment relationship and regarding 
different periods of accrual of the receivables. The action for quantification proposed by the 
workers regarding the remuneration differences accrued between 2008 and 2014, defined with 
a partially unfavourable judgement issued on 26 October 2021, is currently pending before the 
Court of Appeal of Rome, Employment Section.  
After this unfavourable verdict, ACEA paid, reserving the right to a refund, the amounts due 
as remuneration and pension differences plus interest and monetary revaluation. 
An appeal to the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) was filed against this ruling and 
the first hearing is yet to be scheduled. 
Quantification judgments concerning remuneration differences for the period 2014/2019  
Between 2020 and 2022, four workers served four different “Procedimenti monitori” to obtain 
before the Court injunction relieves also seeking to obtain unpaid wages between 2014-2019. 
With regard to the two injunctions served in 2020, at the outcome of oppositions proceedings, 
the workers’ request were accepted. . Therefore, in April 2022, Acea compensated the salary 
differences and other granted incidentals and ancillary costs, also filing for appeal. 
 
With regard to the appeals notified in 2022, both trials were opposed and, with a judgement 
dated 4 March 2023, Acea was ordered to pay the salary differences. The terms for the appeal 
are still pending. Lastly, in July 2022, an appeal was filed pursuant to Article 414 of the Italian 
code of civil procedure by a fifth different worker, whose claims were accepted with a ruling 
in December 2022. 
Acea – Municipality of Botricello 
In 1995, the Municipality of Botricello transferred the management of its integrated water 
service to a temporary group of companies, which later became a consortium known as 
Hydreco S.c.a.r.l. ("Hydreco"). In 2005, the Municipality of Botricello filed a claim with the 
Court of Catanzaro against Hydreco - which included Sigesa S.p.A. (a company that 
transferred its rights to Acea) - to request the recovery of fees due for management of the 
integrated water service for the period 1995-2002, for an amount of approximately Euro 
946,091.63, plus damages, interest and revaluation. 
Hydreco filed a counter-claim for failure to adjust tariffs and loss of earnings due to the early 
revocation of the service. During the proceeding, an expert recognised an amount of Euro 
230,000.00 in favour of the Municipality of Botricello. Nonetheless, on 29 October 2015, the 
Court of Catanzaro ordered Hydreco to jointly pay an amount of Euro 946,091.63, plus interest 
and revaluation, rejecting the counter-claims.  
The losing parties filed separate appeals and, with decision of 27 March 2018, the Court of 
Appeal of Catanzaro suspended the execution of the appealed judgement. However, on 6 June 
2020, the appeals were rejected. Therefore, Acea filed an appeal with the Italian Supreme Court 
(Corte di Cassazione). The date for the hearing has not yet been set. 
AGCM (Antitrust Authority) Measure – Proceeding No. A 513

--- Page 188 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 184 - 
47-41059079 
 
On 8 January 2019, Acea was notified by the Italian Antitrust Authority (Autorità Garante 
della Concorrenza e del Mercato) of a measure containing a joint pecuniary administrative 
sanction equal to Euro 16,199,879.09 against Acea, Acea Energia and ARETI in relation to the 
proceeding No. A 513, regarding an abuse of dominant position in the market of the sale of 
electricity. Fully convinced of the illegitimacy of the measure imposed, Acea and Acea Energia 
filed their respective appeals with the Lazio Regional Administrative Court (Tar Lazio). The 
hearing on the merits of both judgements was held on 2 October 2019.  
On 17 October 2019, the appeals were upheld with separate sentences and the fine was 
therefore annulled. 
On 17 January 2020, the Italian Antitrust Authority filed an appeal with the Italian Council of 
State (the “Council of State”). The group companies concerned lodged a cross appeal, and a 
hearing has yet to be scheduled. 
The Council of State has therefore set 11 May 2023 as the date for the public hearing to discuss 
the AGCM's appeal for the reform of the Lazio Regional Administrative Court's ruling and, 
with a favourable ruling on 31 May 2023, rejected the appeal lodged by AGCM against Acea 
and Acea Energia, as well as that against Areti. It thus confirmed the illegitimacy of the 
measure by which the Authority had claimed that the companies had implemented an 
exclusionary strategy aimed at the transfer of users of the majority protection service to Acea 
Energia's free market offers. 
Acea Energia S.p.A. - AGCM (Antitrust Authority) Measure - Proceeding No. PS12458 
On 18 October 2022, the Italian Antitrust Authority (hereinafter, also "Autorità Garante della 
Concorrenza e del Mercato" or "AGCM" or the "Authority") notified Acea Energia 
(hereinafter, also "AE" or the "Company") of a request for information aimed at verifying the 
existence of commercial conduct potentially aimed at circumventing the prohibition set forth 
in Article 3 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 115 of 9 August 2022 (the so-called "DL 
Aiuti bis"), converted into Law No. 142 of 21 September 2022. The mentioned law provides 
for the suspension of the effectiveness of any contractual clause unilaterally modifying the 
terms and conditions of price definition until 30 April 2023. AE replied to the AGCM. On 
13 December 2022, the Authority sent notice to the Company of the commencement of 
proceedings, at the same time notifying it of the imposition of a precautionary measure against 
it. The Company appealed against the legitimacy of the precautionary measure before the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court (TAR Lazio), which granted the appeal. The proceedings are 
still ongoing. The deadline for completion of the proceedings is 15 September 2023. 
EMPLOYEES 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group average number of employees was 10,211 and increased 
by 948 (compared to 31 December 2021), mainly due to the change in scope. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Debt issuances 
On 3 March 2010, ACEA issued the JPY 20,000,000,000 2.5 per cent. Notes due 2025 (ISIN 
Code XS0490440384).

--- Page 189 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 185 - 
47-41059079 
 
On 15 May 2014, ACEA established the Euro 1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Notes 
Programme to which this Base Prospectus relates. 
On 15 July 2014, ACEA issued Euro 600,000,000 2.625 per cent. Notes due 2024 (ISIN Code 
XS1087831688) under the Programme.  
On 24 October 2016, ACEA completed a liability management transaction involving a tender 
offer of existing notes and a new issue of Euro 500,000,000 1.000 per cent. Notes due 2026 
(ISIN Code XS1508912646) under the Programme. 
On 19 January 2018, ACEA increased the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme from Euro 1,500,000,000 to 
Euro 3,000,000,000. 
On 1 February 2018, ACEA issued Euro 700,000,000 1.500 per cent. Notes due 2027 (ISIN 
Code XS1767087866) under the Programme. 
On 6 May 2019, ACEA increased the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme from Euro 3,000,000,000 to 
Euro 4,000,000,000. 
On 23 May 2019, ACEA issued Euro 500,000,000 1.750 per cent. fixed rate notes due 2028 
(ISIN Code XS2001278899) under the Programme. 
On 6 February 2020, ACEA issued Euro 500,000,000 0.5000 per cent. fixed rate notes due 
2029 (ISIN Code XS2113700921) under the Programme. 
On 16 December 2020, the Board of Directors approved the increase of the maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme from Euro 4,000,000,000 to Euro 5,000,000,000. 
On 28 January 2021, ACEA issued Euro 300,000,000 0.000 per cent. green notes due 28 
September 2025 (ISIN Code XS2292486771) and Euro 600,000,000 0.250 per cent. green 
notes due 28 July 2030 (ISIN Code XS2292487076) issued under the Programme.  
On 17 January 2023 (TAP 3 February 2023), ACEA issued Euro 700,000,000 3.875 per cent. 
green notes due 24 September 2031 (ISIN Code XS2579284469) issued under the Programme.  
Main Long Term Financing Agreements and back-up facilities 
On 11 November 2005, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti granted to ARETI a Euro 439,333,798.96 
amortising loan guaranteed by ACEA maturing on 31 December 2027. 
On 25 August 2008, the European Investment Bank granted to the Issuer a Euro 200,000,000 
unsecured loan comprising two tranches: a Euro 150,000,000 amortising loan maturing on 15 
June 2023 and Euro a 50,000,000 bullet fully prepaid on 15 March 2018. 
On 23 December 2014, the European Investment Bank granted to the Issuer a Euro 
200,000,000 amortising unsecured loan maturing on 17 June 2030, partially prepaid on 15 June 
2021 for an amount of Euro 50,000,000.

--- Page 190 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 186 - 
47-41059079 
 
On 4 August 2015, the European Investment Bank granted to the Issuer a Euro 200,000,000 
unsecured loan with a three-year availability period. On 2 May 2017, the Issuer requested the 
total disbursement of the loan with an amortizing repayment maturing on 15 December 2030. 
On 18 July 2019, a pool of banks granted to Gori a Euro 80,000,000 project financing 
amortizing loan outstanding for Euro 73,000,000 as of 31 December 2022, maturing on 31 
December 2029. 
On October 2019, the Issuer fully consolidated Acquedotto del Fiora project financing 
amortizing loan granted by a pool of banks, outstanding for Euro 104,452,920 as of 31 
December 2022, maturing on 31 December 2029 with limited recourse on the Issuer.  
On 1 July 2020, Banca Nazionale del Lavoro S.p.A. granted to the Issuer a Euro 150,000,000 
unsecured committed revolving facility, maturing on 30 June 2023. On 28 June 2022, it has 
been amended and extended in a new Euro 200,000,000 unsecured committed revolving 
facility, maturing on 28 June 2027. The facility is currently undrawn. 
On 31 July 2020, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. granted to the Issuer a Euro 150,000,000 
unsecured committed revolving credit facility, maturing on 31 July 2023. On 5 August 2022, 
it was amended and extended in a new Euro 200,000,000 unsecured committed revolving credit 
facility, maturing on 5 August 2025. The facility is currently undrawn. 
On 29 September 2020, UniCredit S.p.A. granted to the Issuer a Euro 200,000,000 unsecured 
committed revolving credit facility, maturing on 29 September 2023. On 7 July 2022, the 
parties terminated this committed revolving credit facility and UniCredit S.p.A. granted to the 
Issuer a new Euro 300,000,000 unsecured committed revolving credit facility, maturing on 
7 July 2027. The facility is currently undrawn. 
On 30 July 2020, the European Investment Bank granted to the Issuer a Euro 250,000,000 
amortising unsecured loan with a three years of commitment period. The loan was fully drawn 
on 13 June 2022. 
On 16 November 2020, a Euro 30 million long-term structured finance transaction was signed 
in favour of SII. In particular, a loan equal to Euro 20,000,000 was granted by Banca Nazionale 
del Lavoro S.p.A. and UBI Banca S.p.A. (now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.), whereas 
a loan of Euro 10 million was granted by Umbriadue Servizi Idrici S.c.a.r.l. ("Umbriadue"). 
On 20 July 2021, a pool of banks granted to Umbra Acque a Euro 62,000,000 long term 
structured finance outstanding for Euro 58,547,978 as of 31 December 2022, maturing on 31 
December 2031. 
On 6 July 2023, the European Investment Bank granted to the Issuer the first Euro 235,000,000 
tranche of the total Euro 435,000,000 approved by the Board of Directors of the European 
Investment Bank. This first tranche of amortising unsecured loan with three years of 
commitment period is currently undrawn.  
The chart below shows the Acea’s maturity debt schedule in respect of its indebtedness as of 
31 December 2022.  
ACEA’s loans and ACEA’s subsidiaries’ principal medium/long–term borrowings, including 
the above-mentioned loan to ARETI, may be subject to covenants to be complied with by the

--- Page 191 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 187 - 
47-41059079 
 
borrower in accordance with international market practices and/or European Investment Bank 
standards. 
The loan agreements entered into by ACEA contain broadly market standard (LMA and/or 
EIB) provisions. 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Partnership between Acea and Suez for the digitalisation of water service metering 
systems 
At the end of 2021, Acea and the Suez Group signed a term sheet relating to the creation of a 
joint venture for the design of an advanced smart metering system for the water service (so-
called “smart meter”), and its subsequent production and marketing in Italy and abroad on the 
basis of a specific commercial partnership.  
The project envisages the creation of a new generation multifunction meter unique on the 
market, which ACEA and the Suez Group believe represents a breakthrough in future 
communication technologies in this sector. To this end, the companies involved are jointly 
developing a patent, pooling their complementary expertise. 
On 29 March 2022, ACEA and the Suez Group signed the definitive agreements for the 
implementation of the corporate joint venture described above. The obligation of the parties to 
implement said project is subject to the satisfaction of the condition precedent concerning the 
issuance by the competent antitrust authority of the decision authorizing the transaction, 
without the provision of commitments and/or conditions, within 31 December 2022 or a 
different term agreed in written between the parties. On 29 August 2022, the EU Commission 
(DG Competition) decided not to oppose to the abovementioned transaction and to declare it 
compatible with the internal market and the corporate joint venture is now active. 
On 19 December 2022, DROPMI S.r.l. was established. Such company carries out research 
and engineering for next-generation water metres which can operate and be monitored 
remotely. It also develops smart water solutions for the domestic and international markets. 
DROPMI Srl is 50% owned by Acea and 50% owned by SUEZ International SAS.   
On 10 February 2023, Aqua.iot S.r.l. and Aquantia S.r.l. were established. Aqua.iot S.r.l.’s 
mission is the marketing and distribution of water meters to companies operating in the water 
industry in Italy (non Acea’s captive market) and abroad. Aquantia S.r.l.’s mission is the 
production, marketing and distribution of water meters to companies operating in the water 
424
695
564
615
823
598
580
651
23
23
102
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900

--- Page 192 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 188 - 
47-41059079 
 
industry within the Acea’s captive market in Italy. Aqua.iot S.r.l. is 65% owned by SUEZ 
International SAS and 35% owned by Acea, while Aquantia S.r.l. is 65% owned by Acea and 
35% owned by SUEZ International SAS.  
Above the average industry ranking for Acea’s Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI) 
2022. 
ACEA improved its ranking in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI) 2022, obtaining 
a score of 80.67, more than ten points higher than in 2021 and ranking well above the average 
for the utilities sector (71.21) and the survey sample (71.11). 
Acea: Sardinia’s largest photovoltaic plant authorised with a capacity of 85 MW 
On 19 July 2022, Acea Solar, a wholly owned subsidiary of Acea Produzione, obtained an 
“Environmental Impact Assessment” and “Single Authorisation” from the Region of Sardinia 
in connection with the construction of a photovoltaic plant in the industrial area of Ottana, in 
the municipality of Bolotana. The plant will have an installed capacity of approximately 85 
MW and, at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is scheduled to come into operation in the first 
half of 2024. The site will become the largest in Sardinia and among the largest in Italy, 
covering approximately 140 hectares. It will be connected to the high-voltage grid at Terna’s 
new power station names “Ottana 2”.  
Furthermore, the project includes the implementation of a 10 MWh energy storage system that 
will deliver electricity during the phases of the day when generation from renewable sources 
is reduced. The system will contribute to the stability of the grid and the supply of 170 
GWh/year of electricity, equivalent to the annual needs of approximately 50,000 households 
and corresponding to more than 70 thousand/ton of CO2 avoided per year, compared with 
equivalent production from fossil fuels. 
 
Business combination with ASM Terni  
On 6 December 2022, the closing of the initial stage of the business combination with ASM 
Terni was signed, following the completion public procedure initiated by the latter. The 
operation is intended to create a single operator working in the integrated water cycle, 
environment and electricity and gas distribution and sales sectors. Therefore, Acea is the 
industrial partner achieving the established objectives and consolidating the company based 
on the agreements signed in the context of the transaction, and also in accordance with other 
shareholders’ agreements and by-laws. On 20 April 2023, the second closing was finalised, 
whereby the corporate merger occurred between Acea, ASM Terni and the municipality of 
Terni, following the public procedure initiated by ASM Terni. Following the completion of 
this agreement, the overall Acea Group's stake in ASM Terni's share capital rises to 45% and 
the Umbrian utility acquires 20% of the capital of Orvieto Ambiente (which is Acea 
Ambiente's spin-off company). This strengthens Umbria's first integrated multi-utility, an 
industrial company active in the water sector, waste management, power generation and the 
distribution and sale of electricity and gas. 
Acea reaches 100% of Deco: the remaining 35% of the company acquired, the main 
operator in the Abruzzo environmental sector

--- Page 193 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 189 - 
47-41059079 
 
On 23 January 2023, Acea acquired the remaining 35% of Deco’s share capital, a company 
operating in the waste sector in Abruzzo in which it already held a 65% stake, with the closing 
of the acquisition occurring in November 2021. The company designs, constructs and manages 
plants for the treatment, disposal and recovery of municipal solid waste and plants for energy 
recovery from renewable sources. 
Acea: indication of interest in the Rome waste to energy plant presented  
On 1 March 2023, Acea Ambiente, a subsidiary of Acea, responded to the public notice issued 
by the municipality of Rome to find economic operators interested in presenting project 
financing proposals for assignment of the systems hub concession relative to the design, 
authorisation, construction and management of a waste-to-energy plant and correlated ancillary 
systems. Acea Ambiente presented its indication of interest with other national and 
international partners, including Hitachi Zosen Inova, Vianini Lavori and Suez, following 
favourable determinations by the relevant corporate bodies of Acea Ambiente and Acea (also 
pursuant to the provisions of the Acea Group Related Party Transactions Procedure). 
Approval by the shareholders' meeting of Acea of the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, the appointment of a new Board of Directors and the payment of a dividend 
of €0.85 per share  
On 18 April 2023, the shareholders’ meeting of Acea approved the 2022 Consolidated 
Financial Statements, which showed a net profit of approximately Euro 280 million and 
EBITDA of Euro 1.3 billion. The consolidated non-financial statement prepared pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 (i.e. 2022 Sustainability Report) was also presented to the 
shareholders. Furthermore, the shareholders’ meeting of Acea also (i) confirmed the 
distribution of the dividends, for a total amount of Euro 180,665,720.95, equal to €0.85 per 
share; (ii) allocated Acea’s net income for the year ended 31 December 202213; (iii) approved 
the amendment of Article 15 of Acea’s by-laws; (iv) determined the number of members of 
the Board of Directors at thirteen and elected the new Board of Directors to remain in office 
for three financial years, specifically until approval of the 2025 financial statements; and (v) 
approved the first section and voted in favour of the second section of Acea’s remuneration 
policy (Politica in materia di remunerazione e sui compensi corrisposti).  
Acea: acquisition of SIMAM completed  
On 21 April 2023, Acea completed the acquisition of the remaining 30% of Simam, a company 
specialising in the engineering, construction and management of water and waste treatment 
plants, in environmental works and reclamation, with hi-tech integrated solutions. Over the last 
three years, Acea has developed new skills, know-how, and implemented new high-tech 
solutions in the field of design and project management, consolidating its capabilities in the 
construction and maintenance of infrastructures, for an increasingly sustainable, innovative 
and efficient management of services related to its business.  
 
13 The net income for the year ended 31 December 2022 (amounting to Euro €206,735,269.29) has been allocated 
as follows:  
- 
Euro 10,336,763.46, equal to 5% of net income, to the legal reserve; 
- 
Euro 180,665,720.95 to shareholders in the form of a dividend per share of €0.85; and  
- 
Euro 15,732,784.87 to retained earnings.

--- Page 194 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 190 - 
47-41059079 
 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER   
The following financial information is derived from the audited consolidated financial 
statements of ACEA as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of ACEA as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, which have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
S.p.A., are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See also "Auditors". The 
financial information below should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety 
by reference to, such financial statements, reports and the notes thereto. See also "Information 
incorporated by reference". 
Certain figures included in the financial information set out in the tables below have been 
subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented 
in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 195 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 191 - 
47-41059079 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(audited) 
 
(millions of euro) 
Revenue from sales and services  ...................................................  
4,957 
3,816 
Other revenue and income ..............................................................  
181 
156 
Consolidated Net Revenues .........................................................  
5,138 
3,972 
Staff costs .......................................................................................  
305 
276 
Cost of materials and overheads .....................................................  
3,556 
2,461 
Consolidated Operating Costs  ....................................................  
3,861 
2,737 
Net income / (expense) from commodity risk management ...........  
0 
0 
Profit / (loss) from non-financial equity investments .....................  
28 
21 
EBITDA ........................................................................................  
1,305 
1,256 
Net write-downs (write-backs) of trade receivables .......................  
113 
86 
Depreciation, amortization and provisions .....................................  
626 
589 
Operating Profit / (loss) ................................................................  
566 
581 
Financial income  ...........................................................................  
26 
11 
Financial charges ............................................................................  
(112) 
(97) 
Profit / (loss) on equity investments ...............................................  
18 
8 
Profit / (loss) before tax  ...............................................................  
498 
503 
Income tax  .....................................................................................  
187 
151 
Net Profit / (loss)  ..........................................................................  
311 
352 
Net Profit / (loss) from discontinued operations  ............................  
0 
0 
Net Profit / (loss)  ..........................................................................  
311 
352 
Profit / (loss) due to third parties ....................................................  
31 
39 
Net Profit / (loss) attributable to the Group ...............................  
280 
313

--- Page 196 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 192 - 
47-41059079 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Assets 
As at 31.12.2022 
As at 31.12.2021 
 
(audited) 
 
(millions of euro) 
Tangible fixed assets .................................................... 
3,144 
2,939 
Real estate investments ................................................ 
2 
2 
Goodwill  ...................................................................... 
255 
251 
Concessions and rights on infrastructure ...................... 
3,471 
3,048 
Intangible fixed assets  ................................................. 
420 
412 
Copyright ...................................................................... 
90 
53 
Equity investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and 
associates ...................................................................... 
349 
292 
Other equity investments  ............................................. 
3 
3 
Deferred tax assets  ....................................................... 
180 
203 
Financial assets  ............................................................ 
 31 
23 
Other non-current assets  .............................................. 
615 
576 
NON CURRENT ASSETS ......................................... 
8,560 
7,802 
Inventories .................................................................... 
105 
86 
Trade receivables  ......................................................... 
1,267 
1,072 
Other current assets  ..................................................... 
459 
388 
Cash and cash equivalents  ........................................... 
560 
681 
Current financial assets ................................................ 
342 
408 
Current tax assets.......................................................... 
26 
24 
CURRENT ASSETS .................................................. 
2,759 
2,659 
Non-current assets destined for sale ............................. 
19 
168 
TOTAL ASSETS ........................................................ 
11,338 
10,629

--- Page 197 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 193 - 
47-41059079 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity 
 
As at 31.12.2022 
As at 31.12.2021 
 
(audited) 
 
(millions of euro) 
Shareholders’ Equity: 
 
 
Share capital .....................................................................................  
1,099 
1,099 
Legal reserve ....................................................................................  
147 
139 
Other reserves ...................................................................................  
28 
(123) 
Retained earnings / (losses)  .............................................................  
737 
696 
Profit / (loss) for the year ..................................................................  
280 
313 
Total shareholders’ equity for the Group .....  
2,291 
2,124 
Third parties Shareholders’ Equity ...................................................  
464 
392 
Total shareholders’ equity  ............................................................  
2,755 
2,516 
Staff termination benefits and other 
defined-benefit plans ........................................................................  
113 
120 
Provision for risk and charges  .........................................................  
218 
193 
Borrowings and financial liabilities  .................................................  
4,722 
4,792 
Other non-current liabilities .............................................................  
399 
409 
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES ...................................................  
5,452 
5,514 
Payables to suppliers  .......................................................................  
1,850 
1,683 
Other current liabilities  ....................................................................  
632 
563 
Borrowings  ......................................................................................  
619 
285 
Tax payables  ....................................................................................  
27 
19 
CURRENT LIABILITIES .............................................................  
3,128 
2,550 
Liabilities closely associated with assets held for sale......................  
2 
47 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY .....  
11,338 
10,629

--- Page 198 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 194 - 
47-41059079 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 
As at 31.12.2022 
As at 31.12.2021 
(audited) 
(millions of euro) 
Cash flow from operating activities 
  
Profit before tax…………………….. 
498 
503 
Depreciation/amortisation and impairment losses 
……………………………………….. 
594 
547 
Revaluations/impairment charges……………………………….. 
68 
57 
Increase/(decrease) in provisions for liabilities………………….. 
14 
(4) 
Net change in the provision for employee benefits……………. 
(19) 
(7) 
Gains on disposals………………………………………………. 
0 
0 
Net financial interest…………………………………… 
86 
86 
Income taxes paid……………………………………………….. 
(179)  
(180) 
Cash flow generated by operating activities before changes in 
working capital………………………………………………… 
1,062 
1,002 
Increase/Decrease in receivables included in current assets 
…………………………………. 
(248) 
(185) 
Increase/Decrease in payables included in the working capital 
…………………………… 
138 
68 
Increase/Decrease in inventories……………………………….. 
(15) 
7 
Change in working capital…………………………………….. 
(125)  
(109) 
Change in other assets/liabilities during the period 
(210)  
(136) 
Cash flow from operations of Disposal Groups/Assets held for 
sale 
0 
3 
TOTAL CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
726 
759 
Cash flow from investment activities 
 
 
Purchase/sale of tangible fixed assets…………………. 
(350)  
(626) 
Purchase/sale of intangible fixed assets………………………….. 
(700)  
(355) 
Equity investments……………………………………………….. 
110  
(90) 
Collections/payments deriving from other financial 
investments….. 
45 
1 
Dividends received……………………………………………….. 
3 
7 
Interest income received………………………………………….. 
29 
14 
Cash flow from investments of Disposal Groups/Assets held for 
sale 
0 
(3) 
TOTAL…………………………………………………………… 
(863) 
(1,051) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
 
 
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries’ capital increase……….. 
0 
0 
Repayment of mortgages and medium/long-term 
borrowings………………….. 
(73) 
(234) 
Provision of mortgages/other medium/long-term loans……. 
250 
902 
Decrease/increase in other financial debts……………….. 
92 
(147) 
Interest expense paid……………………………………………… 
(114) 
(101) 
Dividends paid……………………………………………………. 
(147) 
(97) 
Cash flow from loans of Disposal Groups/Assets held for sale 
0 
0 
TOTAL CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING 
ACTIVITIES………………………………………….. 
9 
324 
Cash flows for the period……………………………………….. 
(127) 
32 
Net opening balance of cash and cash equivalents……………. 
681 
642 
Cash availability from acquisition 
6 
19 
Net closing balance of cash and cash equivalents…………… 
560 
693 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year Disposal 
Groups/Assets held for sale 
0 
12

--- Page 199 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 195 - 
47-41059079 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year Continuing 
Operations 
560 
681

--- Page 200 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 196 - 
47-41059079 
 
REGULATORY 
EU and Italian laws significantly regulate ACEA’s core energy, water, networks and waste 
management businesses and these regulations may affect ACEA’s operating profit or the way 
it conducts business. The principal regulations applicable to ACEA are summarised below. 
Although this summary contains all the information that ACEA’s management considers 
material in the context of the issue of the Notes, it is not complete. Investors should read this 
summary together with the legislation applicable to ACEA, and not rely on this summary only. 
The Italian code on public contracts 
Water business 
The Galli Law and Environmental Code 
The comprehensive set of legal provisions enacted to regulate the sector of water services is 
contained in the Legislative Decree No. 152 of 3 April 2006 (the "Environmental Code").  
The Environmental Code, which contains integrated provisions for all environmental 
businesses and, in principle, the regulation of the management of the integrated water service 
system in Italy, is based on the following principles: 
• establishment of a sole integrated system for the management of the entire cycle of the 
water resources (integrated water services or "servizio idrico integrato"), including the 
abstraction, transportation and distribution of water for non-industrial purposes, water 
drainage and purification of waste water; 
• identification, by the Italian Regions and within each of them, of "Optimal Territorial 
Districts" ("Ambiti Territoriali Ottimali" or "ATOs"), within which the integrated 
water services are to be managed. The boundaries of ATOs were defined on the basis 
of: (i) consistency with hydrological conditions and logistical considerations; (ii) the 
goal of achieving industry consolidation; (iii) the potential for economics of scale and 
operational efficiencies; and 
• institution of a water district authority for each ATO ("Water District Authority” or 
"Autorità di Ambito Territoriale Ottimale" or "AATOs"), responsible for: (i) 
organising integrated water services, by means of an integrated water district plan 
which, inter alia, sets out an investments policy and management plan relating to the 
relevant district (Piano d’Ambito); (ii) identifying and overseeing an operator of 
integrated water services; (iii) determining the tariffs applicable to users; (iv) 
monitoring and supervising the service and the activities carried out by the selected 
operator, in order to ensure the correct application of the tariffs and the achievement of 
the objectives and quality levels set out in the district plan. 
The organisation of integrated water services relies on a clear distinction in the division of 
tasks among the various governing bodies. The State and regional authorities carry out general 
planning activities. Local authorities (Water District Authorities) supervise, organise and 
control the integrated water services but these activities are managed and operated on a day-
to-day basis by (public or private) service operators. 
Law No. 42 of 26 March 2010 provided for the abolition of the AATO’s starting from 27 
March 2011, which deadline was subsequently extended to 31 March 2011, 31 December 2011 
and again to 31 December 2012. By this deadline, regional governments were required to re-

--- Page 201 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 197 - 
47-41059079 
 
assign, by means of specific laws, the roles previously performed by the AATOs, in accordance 
with the principles of subsidiarity, differentiation and adequacy. 
The Environmental Code provides for civil, penal and administrative sanctions in case of 
violations of its provisions. 
It must also be noted that, from August 2011, according to the rules set forth by Legislative 
Decree No. 121 of 7 July 2011, some crimes concerning water discharge disposal have been 
introduced within Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 ("Decree 231/2001") on entities 
administrative responsibility which provides that a company is responsible for certain offences 
(not only crimes) committed by its executives, directors, agents and/or employees in the 
interest or to the benefit of that company.  
Law No. 68 of 22 May 2015 (published in Official Journal 28 No. 122 on May 2015) approved 
new regulations on environmental crimes. In particular, Law 68/2015 introduces the new Title 
VI-bis - "Crimes against the environment" into the Italian Criminal Code amending art. 257 
and 260 of Legislative Decree No. 152/2006. These new crimes add to the list of unlawful acts 
for which Authorities can be held responsible in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 
231/2001, requiring an update of organisational models. 
The Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment ("ARERA") 
Article 21, paragraphs 13 and 19 of Decree Law 201/11 has transferred to the ARERA 
(formerly, AEEGSI) "the functions of regulation and control of water services" and at the same 
time abolishing the National Agency for the regulation and supervision of water sector. 
The functions of regulation and control of water services transferred to the ARERA also pursue 
the following objectives: 
• guaranteeing the equal dissemination, accessibility and quality of services to users 
throughout the country; 
• establishment of a tariff system that is fair, reliable, transparent and non-discriminatory; 
• protection of the rights and interests of users; 
• management of water services in terms of efficiency, economic balance and financial 
performance; and 
• implementation of EU principles of "full cost recovery". 
Article 1, paragraph 1, of Law No. 481/95 provides that the ARERA should pursue, in the 
performance of their duties, "the purpose of ensure the promotion of competition and efficiency 
in the service sector utilities, [...] as well as adequate levels of quality in these services in terms 
of cost and profitability, ensuring usability and spread evenly throughout the country, defining 
a reliable tariff system transparent and based on predefined criteria, promoting protect the 
interests of users and consumers, taking into account the legislation Community and general 
policy guidelines formulated by the Government. The tariff system also harmonize the 
objectives economic and financial of the parties operating the service with the general 
objectives of character social, environmental protection and efficient use of resources". 
The new tariff method from 2020 to 2023: Resolution-No. 580/2019/R/idr 
On 30 December 2019, with Resolution No. 580/2019/R/IDR, the ARERA approved the new 
tariff method (“MTI-3” or “Water Tariff Method”) for the period from 2020 to 2023. The

--- Page 202 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 198 - 
47-41059079 
 
new regulatory framework sets national standards (thus overcoming the water service local 
standards), makes operating costs more efficient, promotes environmental sustainability, also 
through ARERA’s plan for strategic works (piano delle opere strategiche) (“Plan for 
Strategic Works”), and provides for incentives for installing metering devices, with the aim 
of raising citizens’ awareness of their own consuming habits. These are the main principles 
underlying the new Water Tariff Method, which also fully places the sector within the circular 
economy, rewarding energy efficiency and providing for incentives to save and reuse water. 
The MTI-3 applies to all water service operators in Italy (whether they are listed companies or 
operators working on behalf of local municipalities). 
With respect to the previous tariff method (the “MTI-2”), the new method essentially 
confirmed the configuration, general mechanism and methods for approving tariffs for the 
four-year period 2020-2023, notwithstanding the introduction of several significant changes.  
First, the operator’s positioning criterion in the matrix of regulatory schemes changed, no 
longer depending on the interaction between average operating cost and the ratio of investment 
needs to RAB, but on the operator’s Guaranteed Revenue Constraint (“GRC”) and investment 
needs to RAB. The new rule involves a reduction in the maximum annual tariff increase in all 
the schemes of the matrix with variations from a minimum of 5.2% (scheme 1) to a maximum 
of 8.5% (scheme VI).  
The four-year duration of the regulatory period has been confirmed, with an update being 
provided every two years, as well as the possibility for an anticipated review, if so requested 
by the EGA, certifying the extraordinary nature of events that may affect the economic-
financial balance of management activities. More inspection tools and control phases will 
ensure that potential tariff increases will only be possible following actual investments or 
certified operational improvements. In fact, a ceiling for tariffs increase has been confirmed, 
which, for the first time, is differentiated not only with regard to operating costs, but also on 
the basis of total costs per inhabitant served. 
Another important element is represented by the introduction of an operating cost efficiency 
mechanism through the use of an econometric model for estimating the total cost boundary, 
determined according to the output level and the prices of inputs. The mechanism rewards 
those operators that achieve lower operating costs per capita than those estimated by the model, 
while in the opposite case the margin between recognised endogenous operating costs and 
efficient operating cost will feed into an allocative tool additional to the UI2 equalisation tariff 
component, for sustaining the bonus for technical and commercial quality. 
Incentives have also been provided for measuring water consumption – installing water meters 
also for single apartments in condominiums - and for additional support to vulnerable users, 
decided at local level, to be added to the national Water Bonus introduced in 2018. The 
introduced Plan for Strategic Works is a tool for local government authorities appointed for 
each ATO (“Enti di Governo dell’Ambito” or “EGA”) aimed to focus the planned 
infrastructures dedicated to complex works with a useful life of over 20 years, which are 
considered a priority to ensure acceptable levels of service quality for end users and for the 
environmental protection. The Plan for Strategic Works includes works planned between 2020 
and 2027 and indicates the time schedule of the various activities and any public funding that 
may be available. 
Criteria for the biennial update (2022-2023): Resolution-No. 639/2021/R/idr

--- Page 203 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 199 - 
47-41059079 
 
On 30 December 2021, with Resolution No. 639/2021/R/IDR, ARERA approved the 
provisions relating to the rules and procedures for the intra-period tariff update, in compliance 
with the methodology set out in MTI-3. 
The following points are noteworthy in relation to the cost components recognised in the tariff: 
• the “Opmis” component is aimed at implementing measures to speed up compliance 
with the most recent regulatory provisions helping to make users more aware of their 
consumption, as well as to encourage limitation procedures in the event of arrears and 
selective disconnection. It may be redetermined also on the basis of any additional 
charges to increase the effectiveness of the metering service (i.e. the provisions 
introduced by Resolution 609/2021/R/IDR). The quantification criteria are also 
specified in greater detail, and are identified as the coverage of the costs of providing 
incentives to users for works to individualise supply and the contracting/entrusting of 
complete metering services within apartment buildings (condominiums); 
• as regards electricity, the average cost of the supply sector is set at the highest values 
of the ranges put out to consultation (0.1543 €/kWh for 2022 and 0.1618 €/kWh for 
2023). There is also the possibility of also exploiting an additional forecast component 
aimed at getting at least a partial advance warning of the effects of rising electricity 
costs;  
• the additional costs due to the COVID-19 epidemiological emergency are confirmed 
for the year 2021;  
• as regards the cost of arrears, there is a widening of the turnover base to which the 
percentages for calculating the maximum recognised cost are to be applied. From 2022 
this will include the revenue from the application of the tariff equalisation components. 
With regard to the planning documents, it is established that ARERA’s action plan (“piano 
degli interventi”) (the “Action Plan”) and the Strategic Works Plan encompass the actions 
financed by the public resources allocated within the framework of the Next Generation EU 
instruments, with an indication of the time development of the relative planned spending; these 
documents must also take into account the impact of the adjustments to the regulation of 
technical quality and the methods for assessing the technical and contractual quality 
performance. 
Launch of proceeding for ex officio determination of the integrated water service tariffs, 
pursuant to authority resolution 580/2019/R/idr as updated by resolution 639/2021/R/idr, as 
well as the acquisition of additional fact-finding relative to cases of exclusion from the tariff 
update: Resolution 459/2022/R/idr of 27 September 2022 
This resolution launches a proceeding to ex officio determine the tariff multiplier, for the years 
2022 and 2023, for management involving the cases specified from under paragraph 5.8 of 
resolution 580/2019/R/idr (incomplete or lack of transmission to ARERA of information and 
data associated with tariff determination and obligatory accounting sources). 
Review of some criteria for the biennial update (2022-2023): Resolution-No. 229/2021/R/idr 
In compliance with the ordinances of the Regional Administrative Court of Lombardy relating 
to the "extraordinary and documented extent of the increases in energy costs", ARERA has 
revised some criteria for the biennial updating. In particular, the resolution provides for two 
possibilities for managers in difficulty:

--- Page 204 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 200 - 
47-41059079 
 
• recognition of the higher costs of electricity in 2021 compared to what was established 
in MTI-3. The application, referring to the year 2023, for the recognition of additional 
costs in quantifying the "costs for the occurrence of exceptional events" component, 
must be accompanied by an action plan to contain the cost of energy and by measures 
to make the tariff charged to end users sustainable. 
In order to strengthen the monitoring of the trend of electricity costs incurred at national 
level for the management of the integrated water service, starting from 2023 ARERA 
will publish the average cost of the electricity supply sector every year. 
 
• Financial advance. In the event of proven critical financial management issues, the 
government authorities (EGA) can formulate a justified request to the Energy and 
Environmental Services Fund (Cassa per i Servizi Energetici e Ambientali, “CSEA”) 
by 30 June 2022 for the activation of financial advances connected to the procurement 
of resources, in order to cover part of the expenses incurred for the purchase of 
electricity. The advance has a maximum value equal to 35% of the cost of electricity 
for 2022 quantified for the purposes of updating the financial provision, is subject to 
some binding conditions (first and foremost the fulfilment of tariff obligations), will be 
paid by 31 July 2022 and must be repaid to the CSEA by 31 December 2024. 
Launch of proceeding to define the water tariff method for the fourth regulatory period 
(MTI-4): Resolution 64/2023/R/idr of 21 February 2023 
With this provision, ARERA launched the proceeding to define, for the fourth regulatory 
period, the MTI-4 tariff method to determine the integrated water service tariff for each of the 
individual services that comprise it, in compliance with the main EU and domestic regulatory 
sources. Based on that noted by ARERA, the final provision will maintain stability in the 
general framework but, based on new evidence, additional mechanisms will be determined to:  
• promote management efficiency (also in terms of energy consumption),  
• strengthen measures to guide investment choices towards innovative and resilient 
solutions with lower environmental impact, 
•  extend the incentive measures already established in MTI-3 and further promote a 
reduction in the amount of sewage sludge disposed of in landfills, 
•  update the forecast system based on ex officio tariff determinations and exclusion 
from tariff updates,  
• preserve the effectiveness of spending on water infrastructure investments, 
maintaining an integrated vision of the multiple funding sources available and 
strengthening measures intended to promote the effective implementation of planned 
investments,  
•  in general, ensure efficient financial sustainability of management, in an environment 
of close attention to the social sustainability of the tariffs paid by end users,  
• update the basic schedules of the economic financial plans and schedules for projects, 
so that these are prepared consistently, taking minimum levels, indicators and 
standards of quality as established by the regulation into account, as well as 
determining methods for implementation of projects financed under the NRRP 
investment lines, 
•  take into account the regulation for the minimum content of calls for tender, to be 
defined following the proceeding launched with resolution 51/2023/R/idr.

--- Page 205 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 201 - 
47-41059079 
 
With the provision, ARERA deemed it necessary to mitigate the effects of the extraordinary 
increase in costs to purchase electricity seen in 2022, by extending also to 2022 EE costs the 
possibility of making a justified request for recognition of additional costs to be added to the 
adjustment component “costs due to the occurrence of exceptional events” and measurement 
of the average cost for the 2022 electricity supply sector, equal to: € 0.2855/kWh. 
Quality of Water Fit for Human Consumption 
Legislative Decree No. 31 of 2 February 2001 ("Decree No. 31/2001") redefined the quality 
requirements for fresh water and introduced measures to guarantee the protection of fresh water 
sources. The law was introduced to safeguard human health from water contamination by 
ensuring that all water is healthy and clean. 
"Water for human consumption" includes all water of any origin, prior to or following 
treatment, which is provided for consumption or utilised by food industries. Mineral and 
thermal waters are excluded from this category. 
Decree No. 31/2001 established the quality requirements for fresh water on the basis of 
parameters and values defined in Annex I of such legislative decree. To ensure compliance 
with those parameters, Decree No. 31/2001 also provided for periodical water quality checks. 
These checks may be carried out by the operator of the integrated water services (internal 
monitoring) or by a local health unit (external monitoring). Water provided for human 
consumption had to comply with the parameters set out in Annex 1 to Decree No. 31/2001 by 
25th December 2003. 
With a decree dated 18 February 2023, the European directive 2020/2184 concerning the 
quality of water, was transposed in the Italian legislative framework. The new text revises and 
introduces rules aimed at protecting human health from the negative effects deriving from the 
contamination of water intended for human consumption, guaranteeing its "healthiness and 
cleanliness", also through a revision of the parameters and values of health relevance.  
Quality Regulation Resolution No. 655/2015/R/idr 
On 28 December 2015, with Resolution No. 655/2015/R/IDR, ARERA approved the 
integrated text for the regulation of the contractual quality of the SII, covering the regulation 
on each of the single services comprised therein (the “RQSII”). The minimum levels and 
objectives of the contractual quality of the SII were defined by identifying indicators consisting 
of maximum time thresholds and minimum quality standards for the services to be provided to 
users nationwide, also determining the methods for recording, communicating, and checking 
the data from the services supplied by the service managers. In the event of failure to respect 
the specific quality standards for the individual services supplied to users, the Authority has 
introduced automatic indemnities to be paid to users in well-defined timeframes and methods, 
while for the general quality standards, referring to the overall services, a mechanism of fines 
was put in place. Sanctions are also provided in case of failure to respect the standards in the 
event of repeated breaches and in the event of such breaches being ascertained during checks 
by the Authority. The RQSII included 44 standards (30 specific standards and 14 general 
standards) concerning services involved in the start-up, management and termination of 
contractual relations, charging, billing, payment and division into instalments, complaints, 
written requests for information and billing rectification, the management of outlets, the quality 
of telephone services and obligations in the event of the application of art. 156 of Legislative 
Decree 152/2006. The new quality regulations, introduced at the end of 2015, came into force 
on 1 July 2016, except for certain aspects concerning automatic indemnities (especially the 
mechanism for increasing the indemnity for failure to respect minimum standards over time),

--- Page 206 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 202 - 
47-41059079 
 
the obligations to notify the Authority and framework government authorities (EGA) and the 
quality obligations for telephone services, which are applicable from 1 January 2017. The 
Resolution also provides for the possibility that the framework government authorities, also 
following a proposal by the service manager, make specific claims requesting the application 
of higher standards than those in the RQSII, also stating the date of their entry into force. The 
Italian Law no. 205/2017 introduced certain measures to strengthen (i) the protection for the 
end users, in cases where invoiced amounts for consumption were dated back more than two 
years, and (ii) disclosure obligations placed on water service operators. Then ARERA, with 
resolution 571/2018/R/IDR, launched a monitoring activity aimed at verifying the correct 
implementation of the contractual quality regulation and updating its current regulations. In 
October 2019, with consultation document (“DCO”) no. 422/2019/R/IDR ARERA started a 
consultation on such subject, aimed at illustrating the main lines of action. 
The incentive mechanism of the contractual quality of the integrated water service 
In order to promote the improvement of contractual quality, ARERA, with resolution 
547/2019/R/IDR, supplemented the discipline on the subject of contractual quality regulation 
(Resolution 655/20157R/Idr) introducing from 1 January 2020, an incentive mechanism of 
bonuses/penalties, to be attributed in reason for the performance of individual managements. 
The new mechanism similar to the one envisaged for the regulation of technical quality, is 
based on the construction of 2 macro-indicators obtained from the 42 simple indicators already 
envisaged by Resolution 655/2015/R/IDR: (i) MC1 “Initiation and termination of the 
contractual relationship” composed of simple indicators relating to estimates, the execution of 
connections and works and the activation and deactivation of services; (ii) MC2 “Management 
of the contractual relationship and accessibility to the service” composed of simple indicators 
relating to appointments, invoicing, meter and pressure level checks, responses to written 
requests and the management of contact points with users. The macro-indicators are calculated 
as the average of the relevant simple indicators, weighted according to the number of services 
provided. Based on the initial performance levels related to each macro-indicator, three classes 
of annual targets are identified: Class A (maintaining the starting level), Class B (with 
improvement of 1%), Class C (with improvement of 3%). Rewards and penalties with respect 
to the objective set based on the starting level are determined through a multi-stage assessment 
broken down into base level and level of excellence. Prizes and penalties will be quantified 
from 2022 onwards based on performance in each of the two previous years (just for the first 
year of the performance evaluation, 2020, the starting level is defined on the basis of the simple 
indicators recorded in 2018). This represents a further important innovation to the previous 
regulatory framework. In terms of contractual quality, the provision foreseen to extend the 
protections also to non-contractual entities that require the performance of services preparatory 
to the conclusion of the supply contract. If a contractual relationship is established for the 
supply of the water service, the operator is required to provide automatic compensation under 
Title X of the RQSII in the first subsequent invoice. A minimum billing frequency of not less 
than one month is then introduced, and details are provided on the standards for services whose 
execution time depends on the work of third parties (reading meters in joint consultation with 
chambers of commerce, in accordance with Italian Ministerial Decree 93/2017, and complex 
works for which works to be carried out by the user are necessary or which deeds like 
concessions, authorisations or easements must be requested for). Attachment B of Resolution 
no. 547/2019 contains provisions on the subject of disclosure obligations in the event of a two-
year limitation period as per the amendments introduced by the Italian 2018 Budget Lawno. 
205/2017.

--- Page 207 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 203 - 
47-41059079 
 
Regulation Year: 2017 – ARERA Water Services Activities 
a) Resolution 665/2017/R/IDR "Approval of the integrated text on water fees (TICSI) 
laying down the criteria for the tariff structure applied to users" 
The measure, adopted after a structured consultation process, defines the principles and 
guidelines for reorganizing the fees in the interests of streamlining the types (and sub-
types) of use – whether domestic or non-domestic – as well as of the homogenization 
of the tariff structures currently in force. In particular, for the domestic type it foresees 
a simplification and containment of the sub-types (domestic resident, apartment 
building use, non-resident domestic use and any two further sub-types of uses). For 
domestic resident uses, the tariff structure provides for each aqueduct, sewerage and 
purification service, a variable amount proportional to consumption and – limited to 
the aqueduct service – modulated by bands (preferential, basic and from one to three 
excess bands) and a fixed amount, not correlated to consumption. For the variable 
aqueduct amount, the application of a minimum preferential consumption band is 
envisaged (determined with reference to the minimum vital quantity set by the Italian 
Prime Minister’s Decree of 13 October 2016 at 50 litres/inhabitant/day) and configured 
based on a per capita criterion. The variable amount of the aqueduct service, moreover, 
is defined according to the actual number of components, if this information is already 
available to the EGA; otherwise according to a standard per capita criterion (domestic 
resident user type equal to 3 components), until the completion of the information set 
necessary. For non-domestic uses, there is the obligation (from 2018) of equating the 
types of non- domestic use to the six envisaged by the authorities (industrial use; artisan 
and commercial use; agricultural and livestock farming use; public use that cannot be 
cut off; public use that can be cut off; other uses). For this type the overcoming of the 
minimum committed and a binomial tariff structure (fixed rate and variable rate) is also 
envisaged. As regards the tariff rates application for the year 2018, the Authority 
establishes that the operator, at least in the last billing cycle of 2018, must issue bills 
based on the new approved tariff structure. 
For the collection and purification tariff of industrial wastewater, the application of a 
trinomial structure based on a fixed amount is envisaged (entirely attributed to the 
sewerage service), "capacity" amount (entirely attributed to sewerage) and variable 
amount (proportional to volumes discharged and quality of wastewater) and 
compliance with the expected constraint on revenues (maximum flexibility of +10%) 
and the condition of sustainability per individual industrial user (increase in 
expenditure no higher than 10%). 
The new rules for reorganizing the final user rates, including the application of the 
trinomial structure of the tariff for the collection and purification of industrial waste, 
apply as of 1 January 2018, postponing until 2020 (in coordination with the unbundling 
rules) the application of a uniform criteria for allocating the cost of treatment between 
industrial and domestic users, and however, imposing starting from 1 January 2022, the 
mandatory application of the per capita criterion based on the actual size of the 
components for the variable amount of the aqueduct service for domestic resident users. 
b) Resolutions 917/2017/R/IDR – Adjustment of the technical quality of the 
Integrated Water Service or of each of the individual services that it comprises 
(RQTI)

--- Page 208 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 204 - 
47-41059079 
 
With this measure, the Authority has defined the rules on the technical quality of the 
SII with an approach that takes into account the specific conditions of the various 
contexts in order to identify the correct and effective stimuli to promote benefits for 
users of various services. The new model, defined as a result of and in continuity with 
the extensive consultation carried out (DCO 562/2017/R/IDR and DCO 
748/2017/R/IDR) is based on a system of indicators comprising: 
• prerequisites: that represent the conditions required for admission to the 
incentive mechanism associated with the general standards; 
• specific standards: that identify the performance parameters to be ensured in the 
services provided to the individual user and failure to comply with them leads 
to the automatic application of compensation; and 
• general standards: divided into macro-indicators and simple indicators that 
describe the technical conditions for the provision of the service to which an 
incentive-based mechanism is associated. 
Each macro-indicator is associated with a classification table which allows the relevant 
class to be identified and the consequent annual objectives that the operator is required 
to achieve, articulated into maintenance objectives of the highest class and the 
improvement objectives for the other classes with differentiated values based on the 
starting conditions encountered. 
A system of incentives is applied, structured into awards and penalties to be allocated 
from the year 2020, according to the performance of operators recorded in each of the 
two previous years and with three assessment stages (basic, advanced and excellent). 
The allocation takes place in a symmetrical way for awards and penalties, in accordance 
with an approach that takes account of the initial situation and performance changes. 
For the advanced and excellent levels, a multiple criteria analysis is applied that uses 
the TOPSIS (Technique for Order Of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution) 
methodology. 
The hedging of costs related to compliance with the specific standards and the 
achievement of the objectives set out in the Technical Quality takes place as determined 
by the tariff method (MTI-2), as supplemented by resolution 918/2017/R/IDR. In 
particular, expenditure for investment concerning measures adopted and included in the 
interventions programme (IP), is financed in the framework of updating the relevant 
economic and financial plan (EFP) or, in the case of the conditions are met, in 
application of the provisions laid down with regard to the extraordinary review. The 
relevant government authority may, however, formulate a specific request to hedge any 
additional operating costs. 
The resolution provides for the application of the system of indicators based on the 
technical quality –as well as the start of their monitoring – starting on 1 January 2018 
(based on the value assumed by the macro-indicators in the year 2016, while from 1 
January 2019 it will be based on the value in the previous year, where available), and 
from 1 January 2019 the application of the rules concerning the recording and archiving 
of data obligations provided by the same measure. 
The incentive-based mechanism (awards/penalty) is planned to enter into force for the 
sole macro-indicator M2 from 2020, without prejudice to the monitoring obligation.

--- Page 209 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 205 - 
47-41059079 
 
The definition of the timescales and procedures for reporting the data monitored and 
the technical manual have been postponed until subsequent measures. 
Resolution 897/2017/R/IDR: "Approval of the integrated text of the application 
modalities of the social water bonus for the supply of water to economically 
disadvantaged domestic users" (TIBSI): 
With the TIBSI the Authority establishes the social water bonus confirming most of the 
orientations expressed during the consultation process (DCO 470/2017 and 747/2017). 
A summary explanation of the major characteristic follows below:  
• Beneficiaries: users who are entitled to the electricity and / or gas bonuses due to 
economic hardship (domestic residents who belong to a family with an equivalent 
economic situation indicator (Indicatore di Situazione Economica Equivalente, 
“ISEE”) not exceeding 9,530 euros or 20,000 euros with at least 4 dependent children); 
 
• Supplementary bonus: the EGA can introduce or confirm a "local bonus". In this case, 
the EGA will remain free to recognize to the final user an additional amount of 
facilitation compared to that provided for by the sector regulation and / or to extend the 
ISEE threshold envisaged for admission to the bonus; 
 
• Value: the "social bonus" is calculated on the basis of family size (per capita) by 
applying the preferential tariff to the minimum vital water quantity (50 litres inhabitant 
per day); 
 
• Admission: From 1 January 2021 all citizens/families who annually present a Single 
Substitute Declaration (DSU) for access to a subsidized social benefit and who are in 
conditions of economic hardship, they are automatically admitted to the procedure for 
the recognition of benefits (electricity, gas and water social bonuses) to those entitled 
(decree law n. 124/2019, converted with amendments by law n. 157/2019) With 
Resolution 63/2021/R/COM, ARERA regulated the automatic recognition of social 
bonuses due to economic hardship. In particular, the application procedures for the new 
system were defined, replacing the previous regulations, and more specifically, the 
related information flows. To activate the procedure for the automatic recognition of 
social bonuses to those entitled, therefore, it is necessary and sufficient to present the 
DSU every year and obtain an ISEE certificate within the threshold for accessing the 
bonuses or be holders of a Citizen's Income/Pension. The procedure serves to verify 
the existence of the additional admission requirements, relating to the provision and 
uniqueness of the relative bonus for the household for the year of competence; 
 
• Disbursement: in the bill through the application of a compensatory tariff component 
for direct users determined with the pro quota day criterion (the integrative bonus can 
also be recognized as a one-off), through recognition of a one-time contribution for 
indirect users; 
• Transparency: in the summary of the bill the amount of the social water bonus paid 
(and the amount of additional water bonus if present) paid must be indicated as a 
deduction of the fees for the variable portion of the water supply service;  
• Social Bonus coverage: UI3 tariff component (0.79 cents / € m3) applied to all users of 
the SII other than those directed under conditions of economic and social hardship, as

--- Page 210 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 206 - 
47-41059079 
 
an increase to the amount of the aqueduct, sewerage and purification.  The coverage of 
the local bonus is made by means of an “OPsocial” cost component operating on a local 
basis to which the share of FoNI already allocated for tariff subsidies will be allocated. 
Resolution 311/2019/R/IDR “Regulation of arrears in the Integrated Water Service” 
With the enactment of the final measure, including the attached REMSI (i.e. the Regulation of 
arrears in the integrated water service), the directives for the management of arrears in the 
integrated water service in the national territory were adopted, thus concluding – after broad 
consultation (DCO 603/2017/R/IDR, 80/2018/R/IDR and 158/2019/R/IDR) – the process 
started in November 2016 with the opening of the procedure (Resolution 638/2016/R/IDR). 
Specifically, Resolution no. 311/2019/R/IDR, which is expected to be applied from 1 January 
2020: 
• defines the end users that cannot be disconnected, identified as the beneficiaries of the 
social water bonus and the users for “Public use that cannot be disconnected” referred 
to in Resolution 665/2017/R/IDR (TICSI); 
• regulates the formal notice procedure, requiring the operator to send an amicable 
payment reminder prior to the formal notice; defining the timing of the process, 
including the final payment deadline; and  
• regulates the procedures for restriction, suspension and deactivation and supply, 
defining their conditions, methods and timing. 
In particular, for resident domestic users, a phase of restriction of the supply with guarantee of 
the minimum vital quantity (50 litres/inhabitant/day) is foreseen before suspension. For this 
type of user, deactivation cannot be carried out except in the event of tampering with seals/flow 
limiters and failure to comply with the obligations for the recovery of past arrears in the 
previous 24 months; (i) lays down specific rules for condominium accounts, providing that no 
restriction/suspension/deactivation may be made against partial payments, provided that they 
are made in a single instalment within the deadline specified in the formal notice and equal to 
at least half of the amount due. If the condominium does not pay the balance within 6 months 
of the partial payment, the operator may restrict, suspend or deactivate the supply; (ii) sets out 
the situations in which the operator is required to ensure the payment in instalments of the 
amount in arrears and the arrangements for such payment; (iii) finally, it provides for automatic 
compensation in the event of non-compliance with the requirements. 
Regulation Year 2021 – ARERA Water Services Activities 
Resolution 609/2021/R/idr - Extension of the Integrated Water Service regulations 
(TIMSII) 
On 21 December 2021, ARERA approved the Resolution 609/2021/R/idr, in force since 1 
January 2022, which includes amendments to (i) TIMSII (Resolution 218/2016/R/IDR), (ii) 
the technical quality regulation (Resolution 917/2017/R/IDR), and (iii) the provisions on the 
transparency of invoicing documents (Resolution 586/2012/R/IDR). 
As regards (TIMSII), the new resolution established the equivalence of the validated meter-
reading by the user to the meter-reading carried out by the operator’s personnel (with the option 
of communicating the user meter-reading at the operator's branches and the obligation to 
declare non-validation in the bill if the usual methods of communication with the user are not 
available).

--- Page 211 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 207 - 
47-41059079 
 
As regards metering procedures, Resolution 609/2021/R/idr introduced two new specific 
metering procedures standards (minimum number of attempts to take the meter reading and 
minimum notice time for attempts to take the meter reading from end users with a non-
accessible or partially accessible meter), which will take effect from 1 January 2023;  
A further relevant aspect is the introduction of specific protections for the user regarding 
hidden losses, with defined minimum levels of protection: (i) access for consumption of at 
least twice the average daily consumption; (ii) time frame for re-access to protection to be no 
more than three years from the date of issue of the abnormal consumption invoice; (iii) 
protection also for subsequent invoices for at least three months; (iv) exemption from sewerage 
and treatment tariffs for the volume above the reference average daily consumption; (v) for the 
water pipeline service, a tariff of no more than half of the basic tariff applied to the volume 
beyond the reference average daily consumption, with the deductible on billable volumes 
capped at 30%. These protections must also be explained when the contract is signed and must 
be described on the operator's website, with the dedicated link on the bill.  
Additional information to be shown on the operator's website, with a link in the bill and with 
the same deadline, is provided for by EU Directive 2184/2020, regarding water intended for 
human consumption; also obligatory is the data for the average annual consumption of end 
users in the managed territory, broken down by user type. 
Resolution 610/2021/R/idr – “Additions and amendments to the authority resolution 
547/2019 / r / idr regarding the billing of amounts referred to consumptions dated more 
than two years”. 
For consumption dating back more than two years, operators must attach a notice to the bill 
informing the user of the presence of such amounts, indicating how to object to the prescription. 
If the operator considers that there are reasons for suspension of the prescription, he must 
adequately communicate the reasons and indicate to the user the possibility of sending a written 
complaint. The resolution specifies that the provisions of articles 2935 and 2941, n. 8, of the 
Italian civil code, however, also apply to cases of two-year prescription, giving the operator 
the possibility of pleading any causes hindering the prescription itself. Whether or not such 
circumstances exist, the civil judge is competent to decide. 
Regulation Year 2022 – ARERA Water Services Activities 
Resolution 2/2022/A “ARERA 2022-2025 strategic framework” 
The strategic framework adopted by ARERA for the period 2022-2025 (the “Strategic 
Framework”) establishes the objectives that will guide the development of regulation over the 
next four years in the electricity, gas, water, waste and remote heat sectors. 
In order to direct its strategic regulation towards social, economic and environmental 
sustainability objectives and increase its accountability towards stakeholders, ARERA 
associates the objectives of the Strategic Framework with one or more objectives for the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals for the 2030 agenda. 
The structure and contents of the Strategic Framework - divided into themes transversal to all 
sectors and in-depth analysis on individual sectors - are divided into two levels: strategic 
objectives and lines of action. The objectives frame the overall strategy based on the current 
and medium-term scenario, with reference both to the areas transversal to all sectors (centrality 
of the consumer, system innovation, simplification, transparency and enforcement of the 
regulatory framework), and to the specific areas of environment and energy areas and

--- Page 212 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 208 - 
47-41059079 
 
compliant with national and international legislation. The lines of action briefly describe the 
main measures and actions that the Authority intends to carry out to achieve each strategic 
objective. 
With specific reference to the integrated water service, the main changes in the strategic 
objectives (SOs) are the following: 
• SO.13 Promote the improvement of the quality and efficiency of water infrastructures: 
orient the investment choices of the competent subjects, towards innovative solutions with 
a lower environmental impact, as well as greater resilience to extreme events, connected to 
the climate change in progress; 
• SO.16 Recognize the efficient costs for the sustainability of the management of the water 
service and user tariffs: declining (in an output based logic) the methods of valorising the 
resources destined to achieve each quality standard associated with the services provided, 
based on ex-post data; 
• SO.18 Promote quality levels and homogeneous protections for all consumers of water 
services: guarantee the effective application of the "Water conservation" principle and 
ensure the effective application of the provisions to all final consumers (including 
aggregate users) introduced by the regulation. 
• SO.20 Promote tools to support the reorganization of the environmental sector structures: 
identify and implement further measures aimed at strengthening the aggregation processes 
of operators and supporting the reorganization of the governance of the water sector 
Resolution 69/2022/R/idr - Initiation of the procedure for the quantitative assessments, 
relating to the two-year period 2020-2021, envisaged by the incentive mechanism of the 
contractual quality of the integrated water service  
Resolution 734/2022/R/idr - Approval of the methodological note as a result of the 
preliminary investigation findings in the context of the procedure for the quantitative 
assessments provided for by the incentive mechanism of the contractual quality of the 
integrated water service  
ARERA established the start of the procedure for the quantitative assessments envisaged by 
the incentive mechanism of the contractual quality of the integrated water service, in relation 
to the two-year period 2020-2021, for the attribution of rewards and penalties to managers (Res 
69/2022). 
At the end of 2022, ARERA published the preliminary investigation results as part of the 
procedure for the quantitative assessments envisaged by the incentive mechanism of the 
contractual quality of the integrated water service (Res. 734/2022). This is the first application 
of the contractual quality incentive mechanism and, as a result of the checks conducted, many 
dozens of managements have been excluded from rewards (but not from penalties) and are 
exposed to the risk of sanctions for violations that can be inferred from the data communicated. 
A new resolution is expected shortly which will indicate exclusions, bonuses and penalties 
attributed to water management for the results achieved. 
Resolution 106/2022/R/idr - Simplified rules for the recognition and payment of the 2021 
water bonus

--- Page 213 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 209 - 
47-41059079 
 
ARERA provided for some technical-administrative simplifications for the first disbursement 
of the automatic water bonus relating to the past year 2021. Starting from June 2022 (and in 
any case after the ARERA checks on privacy for each operator), a single communication will 
be sent to operators containing the information relating to all the beneficiaries for the relevant 
year 2021. At the same time, the data for the quantification of the 2022 bonus will be sent, 
which will follow the ordinary procedure established with Resolution 63/2021/R/Com. 
ARERA reserves the right to evaluate the procedures for take into account any additional 
charges deriving from the application of the provision. 
Resolution 183/2022/R/Idr “Application of the incentive mechanism for the regulation of 
the technical quality for the years 2018-2019.” 
ARERA attributed prizes and penalties to operators for the results achieved and consolidated 
in the two years. The performance of the operators was assessed on the basis of 5 of the 6 
macro indicators of technical quality: water wasters, quality of water supplied, adequate 
capacity of the sewage system, quality of purified water and disposal of sludge. For the first 
two years, the issue of interruptions was excluded from the incentive mechanism. 
ARERA assessed the results achieved by 203 managers, who serve a total of 84% of the 
national population by assigning a bonus to those who have achieved, maintained and 
improved the set objectives and a penalty to others. The rankings include several categories 
and the request for two years of evaluation. For the "advanced" and "excellence" levels, the 
prizes were paid on the basis of the size of the operator, while for the "basic" level they were 
calculated by dividing the bonus among all the operators who achieved the set objectives. The 
66 most important positions, or the first three classifications for each indicator and for each 
year, are occupied by a total of 26 manager. The operators of the Acea Group received a total 
of Euro 33 million in prizes in the two-year period (16.2 in 2018 and 16.8 in 2019) compared 
to Euro 790.00 of penalty (387,000 in 2018 and 403,000 in 2019). 
Resolution 495/2022/R/Idr - Reopening of the terms for the financial advance aimed at 
mitigating the effects associated with the increase in the cost of electricity on the 
operators of the integrated water service 
ARERA opens a second time window - starting from 1 November 2022 and no later than 30 
November 2022 - within which, the EGA can formulate a request to the CSEA for the 
activation of the forms of advance financial as expected from 229/2022. CSEA will arrange 
for the disbursement by 31 December 2022. The operators will arrange for the repayment to 
CSEA by 31 December 2024, in two annual installments, the first of which due on 
31 December 2023. 
Resolution 651/2022//dr - Simplified regulation for the recognition and payment of the 
social water bonus for the relevant years 2021 and 2022 and amendments to Annex A to 
the Authority's resolution 554/2022/R/com 
ARERA extends the simplified regime for the recognition and payment of the social water 
bonus to 2022 for operators who have not yet had access to the information necessary to pay 
the 2021 bonuses. The ordinary regime will take effect from 2023. 
NATIONAL PLAN OF PROJECTS IN THE WATER SECTOR 
Aqueducts Section 
With Resolution 51/2019/R/IDR “Initiation of the proceeding concerning the necessary and 
urgent interventions for the water sector for the definition of the “Aqueducts” section of the

--- Page 214 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 210 - 
47-41059079 
 
National Plan, referred to in article 1, paragraph 516 of Italian Law 205/2017”, ARERA renews 
and integrates the procedure set out in Resolution no. 25/2018/R/IDR on the necessary and 
urgent measures for the water sector for the purposes of defining the “aqueducts” section of 
the national plan for interventions in the water section to be adopted by the Italian Government 
(referred to in Italian Law no. 205/17) (the “National Plan”), providing that it take due account 
of the recent provisions introduced by Italian Law no. 145/18 (Italian Budget Law 2019). 
In particular, ARERA considers it necessary to:  
• without prejudice to the investigative activities already carried out, define the most suitable 
methods for identifying synergies between the interventions to be included in the various 
parts of the National Plan, in particular continuing the coordination between the 
administrations involved to adopt consistent selection criteria based on the guarantees 
regarding the effectiveness and speed of execution of the interventions to be financed 
(Italian Law 145/18);  
• conduct further assessments in light of the renewed and strengthened focus that laws have 
placed on containing water loss (paragraph 153, art. 1 of Italian Law 145/18);  
• integrate the activities aimed at defining the “aqueducts” section of the National Plan with 
sensitivity analyses regarding tariffs in light of the completion of operations for the planned 
financing instruments;  
• taking into account the characteristics of the potential beneficiaries of public resources, 
assess the most suitable measures to ensure the management capacity of the operator to 
whom the management of the works financed by the National Plan will be entrusted, as a 
prerequisite for an effective use of the resources granted.  
With the Resolution 252/2019/I/IDR, “First list of the necessary and urgent interventions for 
the water sector for the definition of the ‘aqueducts’ section of the National Plan, referred to 
in article 1, paragraph 516 of Italian Law 205/2017”, ARERA aim the purposes of defining a 
first excerpt of the aqueducts” section of the National Plan referred to Italian Law 205/2017, 
as subsequently supplemented by the provisions of Italian Law 145/2018. ARERA provided 
an initial cluster of projects that updated and integrated the list presented in Reports 
268/2018/I/IDR and 538/2018/I/IDR. These projects were identified by the competent 
territorial entities as necessary and urgent for the achievement of the priority objectives of 
achieving adequate levels of technical quality, recovery and expansion of the water tightness 
and transport of water resources, dissemination of tools aimed at saving water in agricultural, 
industrial and civil uses. The list contains 26 projects for a total of Euro 80 million over the 
two-year period 2019-2020. Projects not selected for this first cluster, other projects that will 
emerge as priorities, as well as the continuation of the activities of the selected projects may 
be evaluated both for the inclusion in subsequent clusters of the “aqueducts” section of the 
National Plan and for the use of the water works guarantee fund referred to in article 58 of 
Italian Law no. 221 of 28 December 2015. Resolution 425/2019/R/IDR “Regulation of the 
procedures for the disbursement of resources for the completion of the projects contained in 
Annex 1 to the Decree of the President of the Council of Ministers of 1 August 2019, 
concerning the ‘adoption of the first excerpt of the national plan of projects in the water sector 
– aqueducts section’, adopted pursuant to article 1, paragraph 516 of Italian Law 205/2017”. 
With the measure ARERA regulates the conditions, terms and methods of disbursement of the 
resources allocated for the completion of the projects referred to in the first excerpt of the 
National Plan for projects in the water sector – aqueducts section. The resolution provides for 
the establishment at CSEA of the Account for the financing of the projects of the National Plan,

--- Page 215 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 211 - 
47-41059079 
 
aqueducts section, with the aim of supporting the planning and completion of the projects. The 
subsequent CSEA Circular 37/2019/IDR provides the reference body and the implementing 
entity with the operating instructions and the related forms for the disbursement of the advance 
payment for the projects.  
Resolution 512/2019/R/IDR “Start of the disbursement of resources for the completion of the 
projects referred to in Annex 1 of Italian Prime Ministerial Decree dated 1 August 2019 
concerning “Adoption of the first excerpt of the National Plan of projects in the water sector – 
aqueducts section”. The resolution authorises CSEA to pay the first instalment of financing 
(advance payment of 40% of the total) for the construction of the works listed in the measure 
itself (23 out of the 26 works included in the first part of the plan). For the remaining works in 
the Plan excerpt, the authorisation for the payment of the first instalment is postponed to the 
verification of the complete fulfilment of the obligations envisaged.  
Resolution 58/2021/R/IDR “simplification of the procedures for the provision of resources, 
pursuant to Resolution ARERA 425/2019/R/Idr, for the implementation of the interventions in 
the first passage of the national water sector interventions plan – water pipelines section”. The 
resolution introduces measures to simplify the procedures regulated under Resolution 
425/2019/R/IDR, in order to ensure the timely provision of the resources required for the 
design and implementation of the relevant projects.  
In 2021, several resolutions were also approved (294/2021/R/idr, 582/2021/R/idr, 
583/2021/R/idr, 584/2021/R/idr) whereby ARERA authorises CSEA to disburse funding 
instalments (for an additional amount of more than Euro 5 million) for the implementation of 
the projects referred to in the first excerpt of the National Plan.  
Reservoir Section 
Opinion 160/2019/I/IDR “Opinion to the Minister of Infrastructure and Transport on the 
proposed decree of the President of the Council of Ministers for the adoption of the first section 
of the National Plan of interventions in the water sector, relating to the ‘reservoirs’ section, 
referred to in article 1, paragraph 516, of Italian Law 205/2017”. 
With this measure, pursuant to art. 1, paragraph 516 of Italian Law 205/17, ARERA offered a 
favourable opinion with comments on the proposal for a decree sent by the MIT, pointing out, 
however, that the proposal does not refer to the provision of Italian Law 205/17 for which the 
AGBs (and the other parties responsible for carrying out the measures), within 60 days of the 
date of entry into force of the decree itself, adjust their planning and programming in line with 
the measures envisaged in the National Plan, as well as the fact that the agreements (referred 
to in the proposed decree) do not include – for critical cases in the planning and management 
of the integrated water service – specific conditions aimed at balancing the need to quickly 
start financing the projects of the National Plan with that of ensuring their effective and 
sustainable implementation.  
Water works guarantee fund 
Resolution 353/2019/R/IDR “Initiation of proceedings to define the procedures for the supply 
and management of the Guarantee Fund for water works, referred to in article 58 of Italian 
Law 221/2015, consistent with the criteria set out in the Italian Prime Ministerial Decree of 30 
May 2019”. ARERA started to define the procedures for the supply and management of the 
Guarantee Fund for water works, referred to in article 58 of Italian Law 221/15 in line with the 
criteria set out in the Italian Prime Ministerial Decree of 30 May 2019, envisaging in a first 
phase:

--- Page 216 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 212 - 
47-41059079 
 
• the identification of the needs related to the new project financing operations;  
• the quantification of the tariff equalisation component, to be established under MTI-3, 
intended to feed into the fund;  
• the definition of the general elements necessary to govern the way the fund is managed;  
• the setting up of the risk assessment committee at the CSEA, which is responsible for 
giving its opinion on the Fund’s operating procedures and on the proposals for projects to 
be covered by the guarantee. 
At a later stage, the procedures and terms for issuing guarantees, assessing individual 
applications and monitoring and verifying the development of the projects eligible for 
guarantees will have to be defined.  
DCO 368/2019/R/IDR “Definition of the arrangements for the supply and management of the 
Guarantee Fund for water works. General framework and first lines of action”. In the ARERA 
measure, in addition to illustrating the recognition of the needs connected to the new financing 
operations of the projects included in the categories listed in the Prime Ministerial Decree, it 
proposes uses and sources of financing of the Fund, defining the amount of the guarantees and 
the quantification of the tariff equalisation component aimed at financing it, foreseeing its 
establishment within the MTI-3. At first, the guarantees will be granted to cover needs 
requiring an effective increase in spending capacity compared to what had been planned. The 
amount of the guarantees given (of separate amounts depending on whether or not the 
beneficiary is subject to the regulation of ARERA) will depend on the rate of completion of 
the planned measures, the degree of capitalisation of the subject, the cost of recourse to debt, 
the operator’s local institutional structure and the strategic importance of the operation to be 
financed. ARERA foresees the calculation of a cost for the guarantee that the requesting 
operator will pay to CSEA and that, for regulated operators, will be included in the tariff. As 
already mentioned above, in order to pay into the Fund and cover its operating costs, 
Resolution 580/19 (MTI-3) established an equalisation component equal to 0.4 cents/€ per 
cubic metre. The end of the measure includes a number of procedural elements relating to the 
subjective requirements of applicants for eligibility for the Fund’s guarantees, the financial 
transactions accepted as collateral, the cases of termination of the credit line for which payment 
of the recognised take-over value must be provided and the related settlement procedures and 
the procedures for applying for the guarantee. Finally, the measure includes a schematic 
representation of the Fund’s operation and the organisational relations between ARERA and 
CSEA. 
With the conversion into Law no. 156/2021 of the Ministry of Infrastructure Decree (Decree 
Law no. 121/2021), the adoption, by 30 June 2022, of the national plan for infrastructural 
interventions and safety in the water sector was arranged. This is one of the reforms envisaged 
by the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (“PNRR”) for the sector, a single document for 
reservoirs and aqueducts intended to replace the National Plan in the water sector, which will 
be implemented in sections and updated every three years. 
Treatment sludge 
Resolution no. 580/19 (MTI-3) introduced a new component aimed at recognising the higher 
cost of sludge disposal, with an exemption equal to 2% of the allowed cost. Memorandum 
179/2019/I/com “Hearing of the Regulation Authority for Energy Networks and the 
Environment on the draft law “Delegation of powers to the government for the transposition 
of European directives and the implementation of other acts of the European Union – European

--- Page 217 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 213 - 
47-41059079 
 
delegation law 2018 (AS 944)”. During the hearing held on 7 May 2019 before the 14th 
Commission (EU Policies) that examined the Draft European Delegation Law 2018 (for the 
delegation to the government of the transposition of 24 European directives and other EU acts), 
ARERA reiterated its willingness to be involved in matters that fall within its area of 
responsibility. In particular, ARERA wishes to be informed both of the planned reform of the 
system of criteria for the acceptance of waste in landfills and the new organic rules on the use 
of sludge, which will amend the provisions of Italian Legislative Decree no. 99 of 27 January 
1992 (use of purification sludge in agriculture). For both regulations, this is the implementation 
of Directive 2018/850, which is part of the so-called Package of measures on the circular 
economy. In this regard, ARERA agrees with the indications provided by the draft law, 
specifying:  
• that it recently launched a fact-finding exercise on the subject with Resolution 
20/2019/R/IDR, with a view to promoting the dissemination of innovative technologies 
and the transition to a circular economy in the wastewater treatment sector;  
• with the introduction of technical quality regulations (Resolution 917/72017/R/IDR), to 
have introduced a specific indicator (M5 - Disposal of sludge in landfills) aimed at 
minimising the environmental impact deriving from the conveyance of wastewater. Based 
on these elements, ARERA suggests considering its involvement, both in the review of 
the system of criteria for the acceptance of waste at landfills and in the review of the rules 
set out in Italian Legislative Decree 99/1992. 
Waste business 
The Environmental Code 
The Environmental Code promotes the development of competitive tendering of waste 
management service. 
In particular, the regulation contained in the Environmental Code is based on the following 
key principles: 
• wastes are classified according to their origin as "urban waste", "special waste", 
"hazardous waste" and "non-hazardous waste"; each Region shall be divided into 
ATO’s and a Waste District Authority shall be established for each ATO ("Autorità di 
Ambito Territoriale Ottimale" or "AATOs"), which is responsible for organising, 
awarding and supervising the integrated urban waste management services (collection, 
transport, recycling and disposal of urban waste); 
• the AATO shall draft a district plan, in accordance with the criteria set out by the 
relevant Region; 
• the Municipalities’ responsibilities relating to integrated waste management shall be 
transferred to the AATOs; 
• a phasing-out of landfills as a disposal system for waste materials; and 
• the order of priority of the procedures through which waste can be managed shall be 
the following: (i) preparation for re-use; (ii) recycling; (iii) recovery, including energy 
generation; and (iv) disposal. 
The Integrated Waste Operator

--- Page 218 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 214 - 
47-41059079 
 
The Environmental Code has partly modified the above-described regulatory framework, by 
providing that the award of the management of waste integrated cycle service is made in favour 
of a sole operator for each ATO by a competitive procedure to be organised by the AATOs 
pursuant to Art. 23-bis of Decree No. 112/2008, as recently amended by Art. 15 of Law Decree 
No. 135 of 25 September 2009 (converted in Law No. 166 of 20 November 2009) which sets 
forth the new legal regime in relation to the awarding of the local public services. For an 
analysis of such regime, please see below, under Regulations applicable to the supply of local 
public services: Water, Waste and Public Lightning Services. 
Under the Environmental Code, companies producing waste are responsible and shall be 
charged for waste storage, transportation, recycling and disposal. Legislative Decree No. 205 
of 3 December 2010, amending the Environmental Code rules concerning the paper-based 
waste management system, introduced the new electronic waste monitoring system (the 
"SISTRI"), which according to article 1 of Law Decree No. 96 of 20 March 2013, became 
operative by 1 October 2013. Also, with respect to waste management, from August 2011, 
according to the rules set forth by Legislative Decree No. 121/2011, some crimes concerning 
waste disposal have been introduced within Decree 231. 
Waste Tariff Mechanism 
The Ronchi Decree replaced the urban solid waste disposal tax (so-called Tassa per lo 
smaltimento dei rifiuti solidi urbani) with a tariff regime, aimed at fully covering costs, which 
was based on a "price cap" method and giving responsibility to the municipalities for 
determining the tariff on the basis of a reference value established according to the so-called 
"normalised method" provided for under Presidential Decree No. 158 of 27 April 1999 
("Decree No. 158/1999"). 
The Environmental Code has assigned to each AATO the task of determining the tariff to be 
paid to the service operators: such tariff shall be commensurate with the ordinary average 
quantity and quality of waste produced by square meter in relation to the use and types of 
activities carried out, on the basis of general parameters determined by an ad hoc regulation of 
the Ministry for the Protection of the Environment and Territory. 
By 31 December 2009, the Ministry is required to adopt a regulation identifying the cost 
components for determining the tariff. Should the Ministry not adopt such regulation, on the 
basis of the provisions of Decree No. 158/1999, the previous regulations apply. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, this regulation has not yet been adopted and there is currently no clarity 
as to the timing for its adoption. 
In July 2009, by Decision No. 38/2009, the Italian Constitutional Court declared that the waste 
tariff pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 22 of 15 February 1997, also known as 
“TIA1” (tariffa d’igiene ambientale) was by way of tax and therefore not subject to VAT. 
Following this decision, the Italian government approved Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
providing, under Article 14, paragraph 33 that "the provisions of Article 238 of Legislative 
Decree No. 152 of 3 April 2006 shall be interpreted in the sense of the non-taxation nature of 
the tariff provided therein". The disputes relating to this tariff which ensue after the effective 
date of this Decree fall under the jurisdiction of the ordinary judicial authority. Therefore, 
currently the “TIA” (tariffa d’igiene ambientale) is subject to VAT, while an intervention by 
the legislator is awaited for the possible issue of refunds for the period in which TIA1 applied, 
together with the consequent reorganisation of the entire issue and the relative regulatory 
regime.

--- Page 219 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 215 - 
47-41059079 
 
Article 14 of Law Decree No. 201/2011 has introduced, applicable from 1 January 2013, a new 
municipal waste tax, to be paid to each relevant municipality (the so-called "RES"). According 
to Article 1 of Law Decree No. 1/2013, the applicability of the new tax was postponed to July 
2013. For 2014 the tax will be paid in four instalments: January, April, July and October. 
According to Article 14, paragraph 29, of the Law Decree No. 201/2011, the Municipalities 
which have put in place measures for determining the specific quantity of waste conferred to 
the concessionaire of the urban waste management service, may enact regulations providing 
for the application of a tariff instead of the RES, to be paid directly to the concessionaire. The 
determination of such tariff will be provided by the above mentioned Decree. 
Regulations applicable to the supply of local public services: Water, Waste and Public 
Lighting Services 
The integrated water service, the integrated waste management service and the public lightning 
service are economic local public services. 
Legislation regulating local public services of economic importance was affected by the 
outcome of the law-repealing referendum held on 12 and 13 June 2011. 
Subsequently, Article 4 of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 August 2011 re-introduced provisions 
analogous to those previously contained in the law provisions repealed by the aforementioned 
referendum.  
By decision No. 199/2012, the Italian Constitutional Court declared the constitutional 
illegitimacy of Article 4 of Decree No. 138/2011. The Court ruled that Article 4 was in breach 
of Article 75 of the Italian Constitution because it had re-introduced provisions analogous to 
those provided under the previous legal and regulatory framework, which had been previously 
repealed by the referendum. 
Following the repeal of Article 4 by decision No. 199/2012, on 20 October 2012, Law Decree. 
No. 179/2012 entered into force (the so-called "Growth Decree 2") which, however, does not 
apply to (i) gas; (ii) electricity and (iii) municipal pharmacies. Article 34 of this decree, with 
regards to local public services, provides that: 
• 
public entities, before granting the concessions, shall publish on their websites a report 
clarifying the type of the award of the concession they have chosen (i.e. public bidding 
procedure for selecting a private company, public bidding procedure for selecting the 
private partner of a public-private company, direct award to wholly-owned public 
companies) and the relevant reasons underlying the choice; 
• 
with reference to the concessions existing as of the date of entering into force of the decree 
(i.e. 20 October 2012) the aforementioned report has to be published by 31 December 
2013; 
• 
with reference to those concessions which do not provide for an expiry date, the competent 
awarding authority shall integrate the concession agreement with an expiry date; should 
the awarding authority fail in providing an expiry date, the relevant concession shall cease 
at 31 December 2013; and 
• 
concessions granted to companies whose shares were listed on a stock exchange prior to 
1 October 2003 (and to their subsidiaries) will terminate according to the terms originally 
indicated in the concession agreement or in the other relevant acts; if no specific expiry

--- Page 220 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 216 - 
47-41059079 
 
date is provided, the concession shall expire not later than 31 December 2020, and no 
formal resolution from the awarding authority will be required in this respect. 
As to the procedures for the assignment of local public services, Article 34 of Decree No. 
179/2012 does not contain any specific provisions, except for the general principle according 
to which the local public service must be assigned on a homogeneous territorial basis (ambiti 
territoriali ottimali e omogenei).  
The law of 27 December 2017, n. 205, attributed to the Authority functions of regulation and 
control of the cycle of waste, also differentiated, urban and similar, to be exercised "with the 
same powers and within the principles, purposes and attributions, also of a sanctioning nature, 
established by the law November 14, 1995, No. 481" and already exercised in other areas of 
competence, inter alia: 
Resolution 226/2018/R/RIF – Start of proceedings for the adoption of measures to regulate 
the quality of service in the waste cycle, including differentiated, urban and similar  
The Authority starts a procedure for regulating the quality of the service in the waste cycle, 
including differentiated, urban and similar, and for the collection of functional data and 
information. 
Resolution 716/2018/R/RIF – Start of proceedings for the establishment of a system for 
monitoring tariffs for the integrated waste management service, including differentiated, 
urban and similar and individual services that are management activities for the years 2018 
and 2019  
The Authority starts a procedure for the establishment of a tariff monitoring system for the 
years 2018 and 2019 regarding the waste cycle, introducing information obligations for service 
operators and registry requirements. 
Resolution 443/2019/R/RIF - Waste Tariff Method (MTR) 
Following the consultation document 351/2019, on 31 October 2019 ARERA approved 
resolution 443/2019/R/rif providing the first tariff method for the integrated waste management 
service 2018-2021 (“MTR”) which became the mandatory framework for the TARI fees 
delivered by the Territorially Competent Bodies (ETC) starting from 2020. 
The main feature of MTR is to turn the previous “forecast” approach defined by the 
Presidential Decree no. 158/1999 (“Ronchi Decree”) – based on the expenditures’ prediction 
for the activities related to the hygiene services – into a “ex post” methodology which considers 
the most recent final data (year a-2) referable to official accounting sources. The MTR is aimed 
to guarantee a transparent and unambiguous accounting methodology for the sector. 
More in detail, the new method uses a hybrid approach - similar to the ones applied in other 
sectoral regulations - with a different treatment of investment and operating costs, namely: 
- capital costs rewarded according to a regulation scheme of rate of return; and 
- operating costs with the application of incentive regulation schemes and with the 
definition of efficiency objectives on a multi-year basis. 
Within the MTR, the fees for treatment and recovery and treatment and disposal activities were 
temporary applied as follows: a) the tariff approved and / or justified by the competent 
territorial body in presence of administrated tariffs; and b) in all other cases, the price charged 
by the plant determined following negotiation procedures. Due to the need to address deeper

--- Page 221 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 217 - 
47-41059079 
 
analysis on the technical and governance framework, ARERA postponed the tariff 
methodology on treatment to the second regulatory period starting in 2022. 
In summary, ARERA maintained the tariff structure of the “normalised” method established 
by DPR 158/1999 with some modification as follows: capping methodology applied on the 
overall annual growth of tariff revenues; asymmetric setting (four different regulatory options 
available for local authorities in relation to service improvement objectives); sharing factor 
applied to the revenues coming from the sale of separate collected materials; an adjustment 
component both in relation to variable and fixed costs; introduction of two different rates of 
return on Net Invested Capital (WACC) for fixed assets and for ongoing investments. With 
regard to the WACC of the integrated waste cycle for the 2020-2021 period, it is defined as 
6.3%; to this value is added a 1% increase to cover the costs deriving from the regulatory time 
lag between the year of recognition of the investments (a-2) and the year of tariff recognition 
(a). 
Resolution 444/2019/R/rif – first discipline on transparency and quality of waste services 
Simultaneously to the MTR, the resolution 444/2019/R/rif defines the transparency provisions 
of the municipal and similar waste management service for the regulatory period 1 April 2020 
– 31 December 2023, as part of the procedure started with resolution 226/2018/R/RIF. The 
scope of the intervention includes the minimum information elements to be made available 
both through websites, in the collection documents (payment notice or invoice) and individual 
communications to users. 
In 2021, the consultation document 72/2021/R/rif proposed an enhancement of the discipline 
of quality, both on contractual and (partially) technical side. The new measures should be 
applied since the new regulatory period starting from 2022 but do not include the quality 
regulation related to the treatment plants. 
Resolution 138/2021/R/rif - Start of proceeding for the new Waste Tariff Method (MTR-2) 
including the tariffs for the treatment services 
The resolution 138/2021/R/rif started the proceeding of updating the MTR for the new 
regulatory period 2022-2025. The main change is due to integration of treatment services 
within the methodology established by the resolution 443/2019. 
On the other hand, ARERA is committed to implement several changes to MTR in order to 
address a more efficient and comprehensive process for the tariff approvals. The MTR-2 
should include a detailed framework to taking into account the quality regulation for the 
hygiene services. 
DCO 196/2021/R/RIF – Proposals for the new Waste Tariff Method (MTR-2) and tariffs for 
treatment services 
The article 1, paragraph 527, letter g), of law no. 205/17 empowered ARERA to define the 
criteria for the tariff regulation of treatment, recovery and disposal services. Following its 
mandate, ARERA published a first consultation document (DCO 196/2021) with the initial 
proposals, while a second public consultation is expected with regard to the economic features 
of the methodology. 
At this stage, ARERA did not present a detailed proposal of the tariff method for the plants, 
but identifies a regulatory matrix in order to implement his asymmetric approach: where the 
asset is not integrated in the whole cycle management (i.e. the owner is different from the 
collection operator) it should be considered “minimal” or “additional” on the basis of specific

--- Page 222 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 218 - 
47-41059079 
 
features as the presence of an administrative allocation of the waste flows to the plant or the 
competitive pressure in the area. According to this analysis, “minimal” treatment plants should 
be submitted to full economic regulation, whereas for “additional” ones ARERA propose a 
“light” regulation including only provisions ensuring transparency and non-discrimination 
guarantees.  
At the same time, DCO 196/2021 enhances the MTR processes, by overcoming the critical 
element of his first application. It proposes a pluriannual financial planning for the deployment 
of the different services and a more balanced bargaining procedure for the tariff approval 
between the Local Administration and the company. 
Resolution 363/2021/R/RIF – approval of the new Waster Taiff Method (MTR-2) and tariffs 
for treatment services 
With Resolution 363/2021/R/RIF, ARERA approved the criteria for determining cost 
reflective tariffs for treatment, recovery and disposal services for municipal waste applicable 
to the years 2022-2025.  
In this context, the Waste Tariff Method for the second regulatory period “MTR-2” sets the 
treatment plant access tariffs according to the area (regional) planning: under their legislative 
jurisdiction, Regions should identify the plants essential to guarantee the “minimum” capacity 
in the area (otherwise the plant is considered as “additional” and the regulation is limited to 
disclosure rules). The eligible “minimum” plants could be landfills, organic waste and 
intermediate treatments, or incinerators/waste-to-energy sites, while in this first stage the 
material recovery activities from separated collection are considered external to the regulatory 
perimeter, as the EPR (i.e. Extended Producer Responsibility) systems already in place cover 
their value chain and pursue the targets issued by the Circular Economy Package. 
The plants’ economic and financial plan is provided for the period 2022-2025 in accordance 
with the recommendations of the MTR-2 and it is submitted to the regional authority, which 
send it to the ARERA for the final approval. 
Based on the previous methodology (MTR) with respect to the calculation of the operating and 
investment costs (with a rate of return scheme), MTR-2 has adopted a “revenue cap” model 
for determining the gate prices for the above mentioned “minimum plants”: the ratio between 
the regulatory allowed costs (based on the official accounts for the year Y-2) and the revenues 
of waste treatment activities in 2021 (frozen for the whole regulatory period) is applied to the 
existing gate prices as an adjustment factor. Indeed, a cap on the tariff increase is adopted, 
depending on inflation and plant technology/innovation rate. 
On the other side, an incentive mechanism for circular economy has been introduced in order 
to promote the economic sustainability of the treatment tariffs in the circular economy 
framework and specifically the EU “waste hierarchy”. In line with the EU targets on recycling 
and reduction of landfill’s disposal, the equalization mechanism of reward and penalisation 
aims to tackle the environmental externalities of the treatment services: the material and energy 
recovery is supported through an “on-top” contribution from the landfill disposal. The 
mechanism hits on the access fee to the plant, not on his own remuneration. 
Indeed, with the Resolution 68/2022/R/rif, ARERA has established the WACC for the waste 
plants not integrated with the collection services. According to the methodology applied in the 
energy sector (TIWACC), the rate for the remuneration of the net investments is equal to 6% 
for the regulatory period 2022-2025.

--- Page 223 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 219 - 
47-41059079 
 
By April 2022, Umbria and Lazio PRGR were updated to meet ARERA’s criteria. The result 
is that the plants of Le Crete-Orvieto, San Vittore del Lazio and Aprilia were identified as 
“minimum” plants and consequently submitted to regulatory criteria since 2022. The condition 
of “minimum” is valid at least for two years, with the possibility of a renewal under regional 
scrutiny. 
Since June 2022, the Umbria region, through the Umbrian Waste and Water Authority (AURI) 
and the Lazio region have started processing the development of the 2022-2025 tariffs, through 
the application of the information provided (Determina 22 April 2022, 01/DRIF/2022) from 
operators with "minimum" plants.  
With judgement No. 486/2023, issued after the appeal proposed against MTR-2 by several 
private operators based in Puglia, the Administrative Court of Lombardy (TAR Lombardia) 
repealed the institution of “minimum plants” by the Region’s act, since such programmatic 
competence should be exercised directly at a national level. With the Resolution n. 
91/2023/R/RIF, ARERA filed an appeal with the Council of State claiming that the condition 
of “minimum plant” is exclusively part of the regulatory taxonomy. Consequently, the Regions 
have suspended the processes for tariff approvals until the judgement of the Council of State 
is issued (expected in November 2023).  
Resolution 413/2022/R/RIF - Start of proceeding for the definition of technical and 
qualitative standards 
With Resolution 413/2022/R/RIF, ARERA started the proceeding for the definition of 
technical and qualitative standards for carrying out the disposal and recovery activity pursuant 
to article 202, paragraph 1-bis, of legislative decree 3 April 2006, n. 152. This process is still 
ongoing. 
DCO 611/2022/R/rif - Proposals for an equalization system in the waste sector 
Guidelines for the introduction of the above-mentioned equalization systems related to 
compliance with the waste hierarchy and the recovery of accidentally caught waste. This 
process is still ongoing. 
DCO 643/2022/R/rif - Proposals for a new service contract model for the regulation 
Guidelines for the preparation of a service contract model for the regulation of relations 
between the awarding body and the manager of the urban waste management service. This 
process is still ongoing. 
DCO 214/2023 – Proposals for the definition of the EPR contribution to the services’ costs 
and the technical and qualitative standards for the treatment plants 
Guidelines for: a) the definition of the costs of the activities of sorted collection which should 
be covered by the “Extended Producers’ Responsibility” contribution (i.e. almost the 80% of 
the “efficient” costs assessed by ARERA, as established by legislative decree n. 116/2020); b) 
the introduction of the first technical and qualitative standards for the plants (both disposal and 
recovery services).  
Energy business 
EU Energy Regulation: The Third Energy Package 
The European Union is active in energy regulation by means of its legislative powers, as well 
as investigations and other actions carried out by the European Commission. In 2009, the

--- Page 224 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 220 - 
47-41059079 
 
European institutions adopted several directives and regulations aimed at completing the 
liberalisation of both electricity and gas markets (the "Third Energy Package"). In particular, 
the Third Energy Package contemplates the separation of supply and production activities from 
transmission network operations. To achieve this goal, Member States of the European Union 
may choose between the following three options: 
• 
full ownership unbundling. This option entails vertically integrated undertakings selling 
their gas and electricity grids to an independent operator, which will carry out all network 
operations; 
• 
Independent System Operator ("ISO"). Under this option, vertically integrated 
undertakings maintain the ownership of the gas and electricity grids, but they are obliged 
to designate an independent operator for the management of all network operations; and 
• 
Independent Transmission Operator ("ITO"). This option is a variant of the ISO option 
under which vertically integrated undertakings do not have to designate an ISO, but need 
to abide by strict rules ensuring separation between supply and transmission. 
The Third Energy Package also contains several measures aimed at enhancing consumers’ 
rights, such as the right: (i) to change supplier within three weeks and free of charge; (ii) to 
obtain compensation if quality targets are not met; (iii) to receive information on supply terms 
through bills and company websites; and (iv) to see complaints dealt with in an efficient and 
independent manner. The third energy package also strengthens protection for small businesses 
and residential clients, while rules are introduced to ensure that liberalisation does not cause 
detriment to vulnerable energy consumers. 
Finally, the Third Energy Package provides for the creation of a European Union agency for 
the coordination of national energy regulators, which will issue non-binding framework 
guidelines for the national agencies. It is expected that this will result in more harmonised rules 
on energy regulation across the European Union. 
As envisaged in the Third Energy Package, in March 2011 the Agency for the Cooperation of 
Energy Regulators ("ACER") began operations. ACER replaces and strengthens the European 
Regulators Group for Electricity and Gas ("ERGEG"). ACER coordinates the actions of the 
national regulatory authorities in the energy sector and its main responsibilities are: 
• 
establishing and regulating the rules governing European electricity and gas networks; 
• 
establishing and regulating the terms and conditions for access to (and operational security 
for) cross-border infrastructures where national authorities are in disagreement; and 
• 
implementing the Ten-Year Network Development Plan ("TYNDP"). 
In Italy, the principles provided under the Third Energy Package (in particular, EU Directives 
2009/72/EC, 2009/73/EC and 2008/92/EC), have been recently implemented by means of 
Legislative Decree No. 93 of 1 June 2011, published in the Official Gazette on 28 June 2011 
(Legislative Decree 93/2011). 
The main provisions of Legislative Decree 93/2011 include: 
(i) 
unbundling of the Transmission System Operator (TSO). In the electricity sector, the 
unbundling between grid ownership and generation activity has been confirmed and 
the TSO is expressly prohibited from operating power generation plants. For the gas 
sector, an Independent Transmission Operator model has been adopted, with a

--- Page 225 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 221 - 
47-41059079 
 
vertically integrated ownership structure, more stringent functional separation rules and 
wider control and approval powers assigned to the ARERA; 
(iii) 
integration of renewable energy sources generation into the electrical system more 
efficiently; and 
(iv) 
exemption from the third party access ("TPA") obligation in respect of new 
interconnection infrastructure. 
With reference to the electricity sector, the duration of the exemption from the TPA obligation 
(for a maximum of 50 per cent. or 80 per cent. of new capacity) will be set on a case-by-case 
basis and the exemption will elapse if the relevant works are not started or the relevant 
infrastructure has not entered into operation within the time limits set out in the relevant 
exemption measure. With reference to the gas sector, in addition to the time limit provided by 
the relevant exemption measure, the new rules provide for a 25 year cap for the duration of the 
exemption and for the activation of an open season procedure in order to assess the interest of 
third parties in the relevant infrastructure notwithstanding the TPA exemption. 
Italian Energy Regulation 
The Ministry for Economic Development ("MED") and the ARERA share the responsibility 
for overall supervision and regulation of the Italian electricity sector. In particular, the MED 
establishes the strategic guidelines for the electricity sector, while the ARERA regulates 
specific and technical matters. The ARERA, inter alia: 
• 
sets electricity and gas distribution tariffs, as well as the price for previously regulated (or 
"captive") customers, which have not yet chosen a different supplier; 
• 
formulates observations and recommendations to the Government and Parliament 
regarding the market structure and the adoption and implementation of European 
Directives and licenses or authorisations; 
• 
establishes guidelines for the production and distribution of services, as well as specific 
and overall service standards and automatic refund mechanisms for users and consumers 
in cases where standards are not met and for the accounting and administrative unbundling 
of the various activities under which the electricity and gas sectors are organised; 
• 
protects the interests of customers, monitoring the conditions under which the services are 
provided, with powers to demand documentation and data, to carry out inspections, to 
obtain access to plants and to apply sanctions, and determines those cases in which 
operators should be required to provide refunds to users and consumers; 
• 
handles out-of-court settlements and arbitrations of disputes between users or consumers 
and service providers; and 
• 
reports to the Italian Antitrust Authority (the "AGCM") any suspected infringements of 
Law No. 287 of 10 October 1990 by companies operating in the electricity and gas sectors. 
Furthermore, according to Legislative Decree 93/2011, the ARERA establishes rules aimed at: 
• 
achieving the best quality level in the electricity and natural gas sectors; 
• 
protecting vulnerable customers;

--- Page 226 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 222 - 
47-41059079 
 
• 
removing obstacles that could prevent the access of new operators to the electricity and 
gas market. 
In addition to regulation by the ARERA, the AGCM also plays an active role in the energy 
market in ensuring competition between suppliers and protecting the rights of clients to choose 
their suppliers. 
Italian Electricity regulation 
The regulatory framework for the Italian electricity sector has changed significantly in recent 
years due to the implementation of the previous European energy directives, including, in 
particular, Directive 2003/54/EC and Directive 2001/77/EC. 
On 1 April 1999, Legislative Decree No. 79 dated 16 March 1999 (the "Bersani Decree") 
implementing Directive 96/92/EC, became effective in Italy. It began the transformation of the 
electricity sector from a highly monopolistic industry to one in which energy prices charged 
by generators will eventually be determined by competitive bidding and provided for a gradual 
liberalisation of the electricity market so that customers whose annual consumption of 
electricity exceeds specified amounts ("Eligible Customers") will be able to contract freely 
with power generation companies, wholesalers or distributors to buy electricity. 
The Bersani Decree established a general regulatory framework for the Italian electricity 
market that gradually introduces competition in power generation and sales to Eligible 
Customers while maintaining a regulated monopoly structure for transmission, distribution and 
sales to Non-Eligible Customers. In particular, the Bersani Decree and the subsequent 
implementing regulations: 
• 
as of 1 April 1999, liberalised the activities of generation, import, export, purchase and 
sale of electricity; 
• 
as of 1 January 2003, provided that no company shall be allowed to generate or import, 
directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the total electricity generated in and 
imported into Italy, in order to increase competition in the power generation market; 
• 
provided for the establishment of the Acquirente Unico (the "Single Buyer"), the company 
who shall stipulate and operate supply contracts in order to guarantee franchise clients the 
availability of the necessary generating capacity and the supply of electricity in conditions 
of continuity, security and efficiency of service, as well as parity of treatment, including 
tariff treatment; 
• 
provided for the creation of the "power exchange" (the “Power Exchange”), a virtual 
marketplace in which producers, importers, wholesalers, distributors, the operator of the 
national transmission grid, the Single Buyer and other participants in the free market, buy 
and sell electricity at prices determined through a competitive bidding process; 
• 
provided for the creation of the Market Operator; and 
• 
provided that the activities of transmission and dispatching are reserved exclusively to the 
State and attributed under concession to the operator of the national transmission grid, 
while the activity of distribution of electricity is performed under a concession regime 
under the authority of the Ministry of Productive Activities. 
In addition, Law No. 290 of 27 October 2003 required the reunification of ownership and 
management of the transmission grid. Law No. 239 of 23 August 2004 (the "Marzano Law")

--- Page 227 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 223 - 
47-41059079 
 
reorganised certain aspects of the electricity market regulatory framework, including the 
limitation of the "captive market" to households pursuant to Directive 2003/54/EC concerning 
common rules for the internal market in electricity and repealing Directive 96/92/EC. 
Law Decree No. 73/2007, as enacted into law through Law No. 125/2007, adopted urgent 
measures to place into effect EU market liberalisation requirements, including the following: 
• 
a requirement for separating corporate functions into distribution, on the one hand, and 
electric energy sales, on the other; 
• 
powers are assigned to the ARERA to adopt measures for the functional separation 
(pursuant to EU Directives 2003/54/EC and 2003/55/EC) of the administration of electric 
and gas infrastructure from non-related operations for the purpose of ensuring 
infrastructural administration that is both independent and transparent; and 
• 
as of 1 July 2007, domestic end users have the right to withdraw from their pre-existing 
electricity supply contracts according to the procedures established by the ARERA which 
allow them to select a different electricity provider. If the end user does not select a 
provider, domestic end users not supplied with energy on the open market are guaranteed 
supply by the distributor or the distributor’s affiliate. The responsibility for supplying such 
clients remains with the Single Buyer, a company formed pursuant to Article 4 of the 
Bersani Decree. 
For those end users that decide not to purchase electricity on the open market, the regulations 
provide as follows: (i) households and small businesses that have fewer than 50 employees, 
lower than Euro 10 million of turnover, and low levels of electricity consumption may access 
a regulated market ("servizio di maggior tutela") for which the ARERA establishes the 
electricity tariffs; and (ii) all businesses not included among those described in the preceding 
point (i) have access only to the "safeguarded market" which guarantees the supply of 
electricity but typically at higher than market rates, to incentivise to this category of business 
to access the open markets. 
ARERA 2020-2022 Strategic Plan 
With resolution 242/2019/A, ARERA confirmed the strategic guidelines set out in the 
consultation document 139/2019/A that will guide the current term of the Authority in the 
period 2019-2021 and outlines the strategic objectives and main lines of action.  
ARERA particularly focuses on: 1) the protection and awareness of the final customer, 2) the 
simplification of flows, 3) the orientation of developments and investments and 4) the 
innovation of the system to be achieved, including through experimental projects. 
Electric Generation 
Law Decree No. 34 of 31 March 2011 (the "Omnibus Decree") liberalised the regime for 
electricity generation. In order to increase the level of competition in the market, the Omnibus 
Decree provided that, as of 1 January 2003, no single electricity generation company shall be 
allowed to generate or import, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the total 
electricity generated in and imported into Italy. 
Hydroelectric Generation 
By way of Law Decree No. 83 of 22 June 2012 (the "Development Decree"), the Italian 
government issued certain regulations designed to facilitate the way in which tenders are

--- Page 228 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 224 - 
47-41059079 
 
carried out. More specifically, Article 37 of the Development Decree provides that five years 
prior to the expiration of a large water concession, the competent authority shall launch a public 
tender for the assignment, subject to the payment of consideration, of such large water 
concession, in accordance with local regulations and the fundamental principles of competition 
protection, freedom of establishment, transparency and non-discrimination. Such new 
concession shall be for a period of 20 years, up to a maximum of 30 years, depending on the 
required level of investment. 
In addition, in relation to large water concessions which either have already expired or are due 
to expire earlier than 31 December 2017 (in relation to which the afore mentioned five-year 
limit would not be applicable), the new provisions have established a special transitional 
regime, under which the relevant tenders must be called within two years of the effective date 
of the implementing ministerial decree (as per Article 12, paragraph 2 of Legislative Decree 
No. 79 of 16 March 1999), and the new concession will start at the end of the fifth year 
following the original expiry date and in any case no later than 31 December 2017. 
Article 37 of the Development Decree further establishes that the out-going concession holder 
has to transfer any new concession holder its relevant division. The consideration to be paid to 
the concession to the out-going concession holder shall consist of an amount previously agreed 
between the out-going concession holder and the relevant authority, to be expressly indicated 
in the tender notice. In order to compensate the out-going concession holder for any 
investments made on the plants, such amount has to be calculated taking into account (i) in 
respect of dams, penstocks, drains and pipes, the re-valued historical cost, reduced to take into 
account any public contribution received by the concession holder for the construction of such 
assets and the ordinary wear and tear, and (ii) in respect of any other assets of the plant, the 
market value, intended as the value of the new construction of the assets reduced to take into 
account ordinary wear and tear. If no agreement can be reached between the out-going 
concessionaire and the granting administration on the amount of the consideration, such 
amount shall be established by means of an arbitration procedure. 
Promotion of Renewable Resources 
In 1992, the Interministerial Price Committee, an Italian governmental committee, issued 
Regulation 6/1992 ("CIP-6"), which established incentives for new generation plants using 
renewable resources and for the sale of electricity produced from renewable resources. In 
November 2000, the MED issued a decree that transferred all energy produced from renewable 
resources under the CIP-6 regime to the Market Operator as of 1 January 2001. 
Under current regulations, an electricity services operator is required to purchase all CIP-6 
electricity generated by the CIP-6 producers in order to resell it to Eligible Customers and, 
since 2004, also to the Single Buyer. The Market Operator sells the so-called green certificates 
representing electricity from renewable resources purchased from CIP-6 producers ("Green 
Certificates"). 
The Bersani Decree provided that, starting in 2001, all companies producing or importing more 
than 100 GWh of electricity generated from conventional sources into the national 
transmission grid in any year must, in the following year, introduce into the national 
transmission grid an amount of electricity produced from newly qualified renewable resources 
(the "Renewable Obligation"), initially equal to at least 2 per cent. of the amount of such 
excess over 100 GWh, net of co-generation, self-consumption and exports (the "Green 
Certificates Quota" – that is, the amount of renewable energy such companies are required to 
produce). Electricity from renewable resources may be produced directly or purchased from

--- Page 229 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 225 - 
47-41059079 
 
other producers who have obtained tradable Green Certificates representing a fixed amount of 
electricity certified as generated from renewable resources. 
On 6 April 2009, the Council of the European Union adopted the final text of a directive setting 
a common EU framework in the field of the promotion of energy from the renewable resources. 
The main objective of the directive is the achievement of a 20 per cent. share of energy from 
renewable resources in the EU’s final consumption of energy by 2020. In light of this objective, 
for the first time, Member States are assigned mandatory individual targets for the share of 
renewable energy sources in final energy consumption. For Italy, this target has been set at 17 
per cent. in comparison to the 5.2 per cent. it had been assigned in 2005. Pursuant to EU 
Directive No. 2009/28/EC and to the statutory criteria of Law No. 96/2010, in March 2011, 
the Legislative Decree No. 28/2011 on the development of renewable sources was passed. The 
Decree defines tools, technicalities and the criteria the incentives regime must be based on in 
order to achieve the 2020 renewables objectives. The incentive regime for the production of 
energy from renewable sources is currently governed by two Ministerial Decrees dated 5 and 
6 July 2012 (the first fixes the feed-in tariffs for energy produced by photovoltaic plants and 
the second ruling governs incentives for energy produced by renewable sources other than 
solar power). 
Amendments to Regulations Governing Green Certificates 
In addition to (i) providing for an annual increase (0.75 per cent.) for the years 2007 to 2012 
in the obligation to generate/import electricity from renewable resources as a percentage of the 
conventional electricity generated/imported in the preceding year and produced by 
conventional sources, (ii) establishing the incompatibility of the Green Certificate system with 
other incentives regimes and (iii) fixing the validity period of the Green Certificates in 15 
years, Law No. 244/2007 (the so-called "Budget Law for 2008"), with reference to power 
plants coming in line after 31 December 2007, updated the rules on Green Certificates and 
reintroduced a support mechanism (recognition of a comprehensive rate) for electricity 
generation from renewable resources by certain small power plants. 
Legislative Decree No. 28/2011 subsequently revised the matter, decreasing the percentages 
of obligations (the "Green Certificates Quota" – that is, the amount of renewable energy such 
companies are required to produce) linearly until 2015, set as the expiry date of the Green 
Certificates system. 
The updated Green Certificate rules provided under the Budget Law for 2008 and Legislative 
Decree No. 28/2011: 
• 
differentiate recognised Green Certificates by source using co-efficients that are adjusted 
every three years; 
• 
calculate the price of Green Certificates issued by the Market Operator (pursuant to Article 
11(3) of the Bersani Decree) as the difference between Euro 180/MWh (value updated 
every three years) and the average annual price of electricity as established by the ARERA; 
and 
• 
provide that, until the relevant national target set by the European Union has been met, at 
the request of the generator, the Market Operator can withdraw any Green Certificates 
(expiring that year) in excess in respect of those needed to meet the relevant obligation.

--- Page 230 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 226 - 
47-41059079 
 
The above-mentioned MED Decree issued on 6 July 2012 pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 
28/2011 defines new rules to access the incentive system from January 2013, as well as the 
related transitional system. In particular, with the aim of supporting electricity production from 
renewable sources, the Ministerial Decree of 6 July 2012 defines new incentives applicable to 
the production of electricity from sources such as wind, water, geothermal, biomass, biogas 
and bioliquids. The Decree is applicable to plants which: are new, fully rebuilt, re-activated, 
have been subject to an enhancement in power or have been refurbished, have a power output 
of at least 1 kW and that start operating (i.e. are connected in parallel to the electric system) 
after 31 December 2012. 
Photovoltaic power plants 
Photovoltaic solar plants benefit from a feed-in premium tariff on top of the price of the 
electricity generated (the so called "Conto Energia"). The Conto Energia has been regulated 
in previous years by several ministerial decrees (so-called "First, Second, Third and Fourth 
Conto Energia"). Currently, the incentive regime applying to solar plants is provided for by 
ministerial decree dated 5 July 2012 (so-called "Fifth Conto Energia"). The feed-in tariffs set 
forth under the Fifth Conto have a comprehensive nature, including both the incentive 
component and the remuneration of the electricity produced. 
GSE is entitled to conduct inspections on the plants and to revoke the incentives in case of 
discrepancy between the documentation and design submitted to the GSE within the 
application for incentives and the works realised as well as in case of false statements rendered 
by the operator to the GSE in order to achieve the incentives. 
CO2 Emissions 
In the framework of the Kyoto Protocol, in 2003, the EU adopted Directive 2003/87/EC (the 
"Emissions Trading Directive") establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission 
allowance trading. In October 2004, the EU also passed another directive, Directive 
2004/101/EC (the "Linking Directive"), amending the Emissions Trading Directive to allow 
further flexible mechanisms for limiting greenhouse gas emissions. Both the Emissions 
Trading Directive and the Linking Directive have been implemented in Italy by Legislative 
Decree No. 216/2006. 
Pursuant to the aforementioned European Directives, the power generation sector in Europe is 
required to participate in the European Union Emissions Trading System, a market-based 
system for reducing greenhouse gas emissions Operators are expected to reduce their emissions 
by 21 per cent. by 2020. On 1 January 2013, the third phase of implementation of the 
aforementioned Directives, to take place between 2013 and 2020, began. This phase envisages 
a series of major changes introduced by Directive 2009/29/EC and subsequent regulations in 
order to improve the efficiency, transparency and effectiveness of the system. 
The main change regards the method for allocating emissions allowances. The free allocation 
of allowances will gradually be replaced by an auction system. The power generation sector 
will be required to purchase 100 per cent. of its allowances through auctions as from January 
2020. During the final months of 2012, 120 million phase three allowances were sold through 
"early auctions". The allowances pertaining to Italy, Spain and Slovakia represent 9.4 per cent., 
8.4 per cent. and 1.5 per cent., respectively, of the total allowances available at the European 
level for phase three. The proceeds of the auctions are managed by the Member States, which 
must, however, use at least 50 per cent. of the revenues to finance projects involving low 
carbon technologies (CO2 capture and storage, renewable resources, etc.). Another major 
innovation is the monetization of the allowances in the NER 300 (a financing instrument

--- Page 231 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 227 - 
47-41059079 
 
managed jointly by the European Commission, European Investment Bank and Member 
States) reserve by the European Investment Bank, the proceeds of which will be used to finance 
pilot projects in the innovative renewable resources field and in CO2 capture and storage 
technologies. The allowances (300 million European Union Allowances ("EUA"), i.e. the 
quotas allocated by the national allocation Plans within the EU Emission Trading Scheme 
("ETS")) will be sold on the OTC market, regulated exchanges and through auctions. The sale 
of the first 200 million allowances was completed in November 2012. The remaining 100 
million will be monetized subsequently by the European Investment Bank. 
In response to the excess supply of allowances on the ETS market, the European Commission 
decided to postpone the sale of a portion of allowances to be auctioned to the end of the third 
phase in order to reduce short-term supply (the backloading option) and to set a structural 
reform of ETS in the long term. The European Parliament and Council were asked to amend 
the EU ETS Directive to formally enable the Commission to take such a step. On 10 December 
2013 the European Parliament approved the proposal to amend the EU ETS Directive in order 
to clarify the power of intervention of the European Commission and to allow the provisional 
retirement of 900 million quotas from CO2 allowances. The European Council expressed on 
16 December 2013 its approval adopting this amendment. Following this, the Committee for 
Climate Change approved on 8 January 2014 the backloading option for the provisional 
retirement of quotas for 2014-2016. The proposal is being examined by the European 
Parliament and Council. 
A reform of the criteria for the allowances within the 4th phase of ETS mechanism is currently 
under discussion in the EU Parliament. The main proposal is to extend the sectors eligible for 
the mechanism, including waste-to-energy plants, transports and buildings.  
Wholesale market 
The Power Exchange is a marketplace for the spot trading of electricity between producers and 
consumers under the management of the Market Operator. It began operations on 1 April 2004. 
Producers can sell their electricity on the Power Exchange market at the system marginal price 
defined by hourly auctions. Alternatively they can choose to enter into bilateral contracts and, 
in this case, the price is agreed with the other counterparty. 
One of the most important participants on the Power Exchange market is the Single Buyer, a 
company the sole quota holder of which is the Market Operator which is wholly-owned by the 
Italian State. The Single Buyer has the goal of ensuring continuous, secure, efficient and 
competitively-priced electricity supply to clients remaining in the "Universal Service" regime 
(consisting, since 1 July 2007, of residential clients and small business clients that have not 
chosen a supplier in the market), in order to enable them to reap the benefits of the electricity 
liberalisation process. The Single Buyer is the largest wholesaler in the market, purchasing 
about 30 per cent. of the total national demand. The Single Buyer purchases electricity on the 
Power Exchange market through bilateral contracts (including contracts for differences) with 
producers, and imports electricity. 
The total payments by the Single Buyer to electricity producers for its purchases, plus its own 
operating costs, must equal the total revenues it earns from energy sales to the retail companies 
operating within the regulated market under the regulated price structure. As a consequence, 
the ARERA adjusts reference prices from time to time to reflect the ones actually paid by the 
Single Buyer, as well as other factors. 
Other participants in the Power Exchange market are producers, integrated operators, 
wholesalers and some large electricity users. The ARERA and AGCM constantly monitor the

--- Page 232 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 228 - 
47-41059079 
 
Power Exchange to ensure that it reaches the expected goals: improving competition between 
electricity producers and enhancing the efficiency of the Italian electricity system. 
The electricity generated can be sold wholesale on the organized spot market ("IPEX"), 
managed by the Energy Markets Operator ("EMO"), and through organized and over-the-
counter platforms for trading forward contracts. The organized platforms include the Forward 
Electricity Market ("FEM"), managed by the EMO, in which forward electricity contracts with 
physical delivery are traded, and the Electricity Derivatives Market ("IDEX"), managed by 
Borsa Italiana, where special derivative instruments with electricity as the underlying asset are 
traded. 
Generators may also sell electricity to companies engaged in energy trading, to wholesalers 
that buy electricity for resale at a retail level, and to the Single Buyer, whose duty is to ensure 
the supply of energy to enhanced protection service customers. 
In addition, for the purpose of providing dispatching services, which is the efficient 
management of the flow of electricity on the grid to ensure that deliveries and withdrawals are 
balanced, electricity generated may be sold on a dedicated market, the Ancillary Services 
Market ("ASM"), where Terna S.p.A. ("Terna") procures the required resources from 
producers. The ARERA and the MED are responsible for regulating the electricity market. 
More specifically, with regard to dispatching services, the ARERA has adopted a number of 
measures regulating plants essential to the security of the electrical system. These plants are 
deemed essential based on their geographical location, their technical features and their 
importance to the solution of certain critical grid issues by Terna. In exchange for being 
required to have electricity available and providing binding offers, these plants receive special 
remuneration determined by the ARERA. Since the launch of the market in 2004, the 
regulations have provided for a form of administered compensation for generation capacity. In 
particular, plants that make their capacity available for certain periods of the year when demand 
is typically high receive a special fee. 
In August 2011, the ARERA published a resolution that establishes the criteria for introducing 
a market mechanism for compensating generation capacity that replaces the current 
administered reimbursement. This mechanism involves holding auctions through which Terna 
will purchase from generators the capacity required to ensure that the electricity system is 
adequately supplied in the coming years. The initial auctions will be held in 2013, with 
producers agreeing to make their capacity available starting from 2017. 
In order to cope with emergencies in the gas system, such as the one that occurred between 6 
February 2012 and 16 February 2012, Decree Law 83/2012, ratified by Law 134 of 7 August 
2012, required the identification, on an annual basis from the 2012-2013 gas year, of thermal 
generation plants that can contribute to the security of the system by using fuels other than gas. 
Such plants, which are different from those essential to the electrical system, are entitled to 
reimbursement of the costs incurred in ensuring availability in the period from January 1 to 
March 31 of each gas year on the basis of the procedures established by the ARERA. 
Distribution 
The Bersani Decree provides that distribution services shall be performed on the basis of 
concessions issued by the former Ministry of Industry (now the MED). The current distribution 
companies will continue to perform that service on the basis of concessions issued by the 
Ministry of Industry in 2001, expiring on 31 December 2030.

--- Page 233 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 229 - 
47-41059079 
 
The distribution companies are required to connect to their networks all parties who request 
connection, without compromising the continuity of the service and in compliance with the 
applicable technical regulations and provisions. 
Moreover, the ARERA set a strict regulation concerning functional unbundling in order to 
guarantee the independence between the separated activities. 
Efficiency in the end usage of energy 
The distribution companies of electricity are required by Decree Bersani to undertake energy 
efficiency measures for the final user that are in line with pre-defined quantity targets fixed by 
ministerial decree. The companies that achieve such energy saving targets are entitled to 
receive, from the regulator of the electricity market, the Energy Efficiency Certificates 
("TEE"), also called "White Certificates", (i.e. an incentive mechanism to save energy, into 
force starting from 1 January 2005) and to sell such certificates, by means of bilateral contracts 
or on a specific market instituted and regulated by GSE in agreement with the ARERA, to 
(other) companies who cannot meet their targets. 
The foregoing incentive mechanism was regulated by certain Decrees of 20 July 2004, 
subsequently amended and updated in 2007, which set national energy savings targets for the 
period 2005-2012. The targets must be achieved each year by distribution companies. 
To demonstrate that they have achieved their targets and avoid penalties, distributors must 
deliver a number of certificates at least equal to a specified percentage of their requirement to 
the ARERA by May 31 of each year. 
In April 2017, the new decree on the White Certificates came into force, implementing the 
provisions of Legislative Decree No. 28 of 3 March 2011 and Decree Law No. 102 of 4 July 
2014. According to the decree, the national objectives to be achieved in the period 2017-2020 
through the mechanism of the White Certificates and the White CAR Certificates.  
Resolution 654/2015/R/eel – Tariff regulation on electricity transmission, distribution 
and metering services, for the regulation period 2016-2023. 
The resolution approves the "Consolidated Code on rules and regulations for electricity 
distribution and transmission services" (“TIT”), the "Consolidated Code on rules and 
regulations for electricity metering services" (“TIME”) and the "Consolidated Code on 
economic terms for the provision of connection services" (“TIC”), coming into effect from 1 
January 2016.  
In particular, the new rules and regulations for calculating tariffs in the new regulatory period, 
the result of a complex consultation process with the publication of numerous documents 
(including 5/2015/R/eel; 335/2015/R/eel; 446/2015/R/eel and 544/2015/R/eel):  
• 
extended the duration of the period to 8 years (2016-2023), divided into two half-
periods of 4 years each: NPR1 (2016-2019) and NPR2 (2020-2023); 
• 
define the criteria for calculating the recognised cost (operating, capital and 
depreciation); 
• 
provided for the new fee structure. 
In particular, with reference to the transmission tariff, ARERA:

--- Page 234 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 230 - 
47-41059079 
 
• 
introduced the binomial cost tariff structure for the transmission service (CTR) 
applied by Terna to distributors at the interconnection points with an energy 
component and a power component calculated using the average maximum 
monthly power withdrawn from interconnection points as a driver, considering 
only the net energy withdrawn from the national grid (RTN); 
• 
confirmed the same structure, in force also in the last regulatory period, for the 
compulsory transmission tariff (TRAS) applied by distributors to end users; 
• 
the equalisation mechanism of transmission costs based on the recognition of 
higher costs for the distributor, deriving from the difference between the above-
mentioned fees, has been reintroduced. 
Concerning the tariff of reference TV1(dis), allocated to cover distribution and marketing costs, 
the ARERA confirms the application of a monomial fee, on the basis of the number of 
withdrawal points, and therefore independent of the service volumes supplied, differentiated 
by voltage levels, except for types of contracts for public lighting users and public LV electric 
vehicle recharging, the fee of which is based on a tariff expressed in euro cents/kWh. 
There is no structural change to the obligatory distribution tariff applied to non-domestic end 
users, nor to the equalisation mechanism of distribution revenues (inclusive of bi-monthly 
advance payments). 
With reference to the regulation of the metering service, as well as defining the criteria for 
calculating the recognised cost and the remuneration tariffs of distributors providing the 
service, the measure also requires that: 
• the obligation of data gathering is introduced for the subject responsible for measuring 
the actual peak demand in the month divided into bands, when possible for that meter; 
• further in-depth considerations are made concerning the hypothesis of evolution of the 
metering service regulation, with the aim of defining the general reform by July 2016. 
In 2019, with the Resolution 126/2019/R/eel – Start of procedure for the update within the 
period of the regulation of the tariffs and of the quality of the transmission, distribution and 
measurement of electricity, ARERA started a procedure for the formation of measures relating 
to the infra-period update (2020-2023) of the regulation of tariffs and quality for the 
transmission, distribution and measurement of electricity.  
Regarding the Totex approach, with the consultation document 683/2017/ R/eel, the Authority 
highlighted the need to adopt a path of preparatory activities for the introduction of the Totex 
method that will be longer than the initial starting on 2020. Furthermore, the distributors have 
proposed that the Totex approach be applied by the 2024 to ensure the necessary graduality in 
the introduction of the new approach, also taking into account the differences between the 
starting points in the different activities, in particular with reference to the planning with 
forward-looking mechanisms. The Authority provides for the introduction of the new tariff 
logics starting from next regulatory period (2024), meanwhile the infra-period update of the 
tariff regulation will have as its object the review of the operating cost base and the productivity 
recovery rate (Xfactor) for the NPR2 half-period, including the costs of the 2G measurement 
service. 
With Resolution 568/2019/R/eel – Update of the tariff regulation of electricity transmission, 
distribution and metering for the 2020-2023 interim regulatory period – and the several

--- Page 235 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 231 - 
47-41059079 
 
consultation documents and requests for information before, ARERA updated the tariffs and 
the quality of electricity transmission, distribution and metering for the 2020-2023 regulatory 
period. For aspects relating to distribution and metering, it envisages:  
• the recognition of operating costs in the 2020-2023 interim period, taking as a reference 
the operating costs for the year 2018 and establishing a symmetrical distribution between 
enterprise and users of the productivity recovery made in the first interim period (2016-
2019);  
• the activation of the sharing of net revenues from the use of the electric power 
infrastructure for purposes additional to electric power service; 
• the establishment of a mechanism for the recognition of non-collectable receivables in the 
event of situations of exceptional arrears relating to the network tariff portion, but 
postpones its definition to a subsequent measure; • the promotion of new aggregations 
between distribution companies;  
• the possibility to achieve an increase in the rate of return on invested capital upon request 
and in a single solution as envisaged in the TIT of 2008-2011 and 2012-2015 (respectively, 
for the first period, in article 11 and, for the subsequent period, in article 12);  
• the extension of the discounts provided for changes in power requested by domestic 
customers, and in 2020 the method of operation of an equalisation mechanism will be 
defined with regard to the discounts provided in the period 2016-2019;  
• the gradual application over the period of the reactive energy fees;  
• the extension of the current rules applied to vehicle recharging points open to the public 
until the end of the regulatory period;  
• the remodulation of the calculation of interest on arrears due to CSEA. 
On 27 December 2022, with Resolutions 719/2022/R/eel, 720/2022/R/eel and 721/2022/R/eel 
ARERA established the transmission, distribution and metering tariffs for 2023, as well as 
dispatching fees. 
Resolution 583/2015/R/com – Rate of return on Net Invested Capital for infrastructure 
services in the electricity and gas sectors: criteria for calculating and updating. 
The resolution defines the procedure for calculating and updating the rate of return on Net 
Invested Capital (weighted average cost of capital or "WACC") for regulated infrastructure 
services, unifying all the calculation parameters except for those specifically for single services, 
including parameter ß which expresses the specific non-diversifiable risk level and the weight 
of the equity capital and interest-bearing debt used for weighting (“D/E ratio”). 
The revision of the procedure aims to define a more transparent and predictable regulatory 
framework and prevent differences in the rates of return of single services being affected by 
the specific condition of Italian financial markets. The weighted average cost of capital formula 
is still used as reference but some changes in their components have been introduced. In 
particular, for the determination of the risk-free rate of return (risk-free rate, “RF”), it has been 
replaced the previous references to the Italian market (BPT to 10 years) with references chosen 
among the European countries with high ratings (government bonds to 10 years - Germany, 
Belgium, the Netherlands and France) considered at "zero risk" level compared with Italy. The 
risk-free rate, as defined above, is adjusted by introducing a new component called "Country

--- Page 236 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 232 - 
47-41059079 
 
Risk Premium" (“CRP”) that represents an additional rate to cover the risk factors of the Italian 
market compared to the best European Countries financial performers: this addendum is related 
to both equity and debt components of the WACC. With regard to the rate of return on equity, 
the choice of the regulator is to recalculate this indicator as difference between the "Total 
Market Return" and the Risk Free Rate considering the inversely proportional correspondence 
between the two indicators. The cost of debt is revised downward in consideration of changes 
in its individual components as mainly Risk Free Rate.  
The duration of the WACC regulatory period is six years (2016-2021), introducing an intra-
period updating mechanism. The measure therefore indicates the formula to be used in the 
calculation and the specific values of the basic parameters in force as at 1 January 2016, except 
for parameter ß for the electricity sector, established by a subsequent regulation (Resolution 
654/2015/R/eel – Annex D). 
Resolution 646/2015/R/eel – Consolidated Code on the output-based regulation of 
electricity distribution and metering services, for the regulation period 2016-2023. 
The resolution approves the "Consolidated Code on the output-based regulation of electricity 
distribution and metering services, for the regulation period 2016-2023" (TIQE), in force from 
1 January 2016.  
The text, the result of a complex consultation process, contains four separate documents 
(5/2015/R/eel; 48/2015/R/eel; 415/2015/R/eel and 544/2015/R/eel), in III parts: 
I. Regulation of the continuity of the distribution service and voltage quality. These are the 
main elements that have been introduced:  
(a) 
for the duration of the outages: 
• 
the mechanism of bonuses/penalties on the duration of the outages has been kept, 
introducing an allowance of ±10per cent. on the objective value; 
• 
experimental incentive regulation for the 3-year period 2017-2019 on the 
duration of the outage with prior warning, of a medium and low voltage origin 
(measure to be adopted by 30 June 2016); 
• 
progressive alignment of the standards on prolonged outages to that in force 
today for city centres: from 2020 eight hours for all low voltage users and 4 hours 
for all medium voltage users; 
(c) 
for the number of outages without long or short-term warning: confirmation of the 
bonuses/penalties regulation with long-term objectives transferred to the end of the new 
regulatory period for long-term objectives; 
(d) 
on the subject of voltage quality, the foundations were laid for introducing a specific 
standard on transient outages and loss of voltage for medium voltage customers and for 
new initiatives concerning the conformity of the effective supply voltage value for low 
voltage users. 
II. Regulation of specific and general commercial quality levels. These are the main elements 
that have been introduced: 
(e) 
reduction of maximum response times for services requested by end users concerning 
the estimation and performance of work;

--- Page 237 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 233 - 
47-41059079 
 
(f) 
development of fast estimate services (via telephone, managed by seller); 
(g) 
introduction of some basic criteria for drawing up agreements between distributors and 
applicants for mass connection and activations. 
III. Selective promotion of investments for distribution networks. This part aims to create 
incentives for the appropriate development of investments in distribution networks, providing 
guidelines for the choices made by enterprises for investments that maximize net system 
benefits, through output-based incentives mechanisms, developed on the basis of criteria of 
selectivity. 
In particular, aspects are considered that represent the main innovative elements of the new 
rules and regulations, concerning both the innovative functions of the medium voltage 
distribution networks in areas with a high penetration of energy generated from renewable 
sources, as well as the evolution of distribution networks in urban areas, with particular 
reference to the development of the capacities of backbones in buildings. 
With reference to the Regulation for the tariff settlement of the end user market, two relevant 
determinations were issued. 
In 2019, with resolution 566/2019/R/eel – Approval of the Integrated text of the output-based 
regulation of electricity distribution and metering for the 2020-2023 interim period, issued 
following consultation no. 287/2019/R/eel, ARERA updated the TIQE for the 2020-2023 
interim period. Specifically, it envisages:  
• the confirmation of the year 2023 for the achievement of continuity target levels, granting 
them only to the areas with the worst levels of continuity;  
• the introduction of a special incentive scheme for critical territorial areas;  
• the establishment of a mechanism of regulatory experiments to help improve the quality 
of service;  
• the introduction of the recording of the number of meters replaced due to faulty display;  
• from 2021 comparative publication also for voltage dips;  
• the limitation of the premium on the individual project to improve the resilience of the 
networks to a maximum value equal to the cost of the project itself. 
Resolution 555/2017/R/com - PLACET (Italian acronym of "Prezzo Libero A Condizioni 
Equiparate di Tutela", meaning an offer at free prices at conditions equivalent to those of 
the standard offer) offers and minimum contractual conditions for supplies to domestic 
and small business end customers in free electricity and natural gas markets 
With Resolution 555/2017/R/com of 27 July, the Authority, following DCO 204/2017/R/com, 
has approved the rules on PLACET (Italian acronym of "Prezzo Libero A Condizioni 
Equiparate di Tutela", meaning an offer at free prices at conditions equivalent to those of the 
standard offer) offers together with minimum contractual conditions for all other free market 
offers other than PLACET offers; these provisions will come into force on 1 January 2018. In 
particular, the Resolution provides that PLACET offers must be inserted by each free market 
operator in their commercial offers both for the electricity sector (for domestic and non-
domestic grid points connected to low voltage), and for the gas sector (for domestic and non-
domestic points of delivery, including apartment buildings for domestic use for points with an

--- Page 238 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 234 - 
47-41059079 
 
annual consumption of less than 200,000 scm). As regards the general supply conditions, the 
seller may alternatively choose to use either the form prepared by the Authority or draw up 
their own general contractual conditions in accordance with the resolution, the form and 
regulations which do not contain any additional contractual conditions. As regards the 
economic conditions for the part to cover the costs typical of the procurement and marketing 
of the commodity, PLACET offers require a fixed amount €/point/year and an energy amount 
€/kWh or €/scm. It is envisaged that the energy amount will have two separate price formulas, 
a fixed price and a variable price (based on the National Single Price (PUN) for the electricity 
sector and on the title transfer facility for the gas sector). 
With Resolution 848/2017/R/COM, the Authority extended the entry into force of the 
PLACET offer until the date of approval by the Authority of the general supply conditions 
form.  
With Resolution 89/2018/R/com, the Authority therefore resolved that starting from 1 March 
2018 all sellers were required to make PLACET offers available on the retail market. The 
provision also approved the modules of the general conditions of supply of the PLACET offers. 
In accordance with the dates specified by the Authority, AE has made the offer available 
through the shop and via the website.  
With Resolution 288/2018/R/com, the Authority established the obligation for sellers to 
transmit instrumental data for the monitoring of PLACET offers, establishing that starting from 
1 March 2018 they submit by the month following the end of each quarter the number of 
contracts with PLACET offer activated and terminated. 
The “Annual Market and Competition Law”, no. 124 of 2017, which entered into force on 29 
August 2017, provided for the termination of price protection schemes in both the electricity 
and gas sectors starting from 1 July 2019. The implementing decree of the MED, expected by 
April 2018 and not yet issued, should define the measures to ensure the termination of the 
transitory price regulation and the conscious entry into the market of final customers, according 
to mechanisms that should ensure competition and the plurality of suppliers and offers in a free 
market. 
On 21 September 2018, Italian Law 108, which converted Italian Decree Law no. 91 of 25 July 
2018, postponed the termination of the price protection schemes until 1 July 2020. On 31 
December 2019, Italian Decree Law no. 162/2019 was approved (so-called “Milleproroghe”) 
establishing a further postponement of the termination of the price protection schemes to 1 
January 2022. In the meantime, with Resolution 59/2019/R/com – Voluntary guidelines for the 
promotion of electricity and natural gas offers benefiting purchasing groups aimed at domestic 
end customers and small businesses – the Authority prepared Guidelines (LGA) with voluntary 
participation for the promotion of commercial offers of electricity and gas benefiting 
purchasing groups and the creation of IT platforms that can facilitate the aggregation of small 
consumers. These guidelines, effective from 1 May 2019, establish rules of conduct that 
purchasing groups are required to observe for a period of at least two years after voluntarily 
adhering to them. New Standard service for end of the default service With a consultation 
(DCO 397/2019 – Standard service for final domestic customers and small businesses in the 
electricity sector referred to in article 1, paragraph 60 of Italian Law no. 124/17) ARERA 
proposed its guidelines on the new Standard Service for small customers (i.e. final customers 
currently using the default service) who will find themselves without a supplier the day after 
the termination of the default service, hoping for a gradual transition with the application of 
this service initially only to non-domestic customers, after the necessary legislative action 
(approach reiterated also with the subsequent Brief 468/2019/I/com – Brief of ARERA on the

--- Page 239 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 235 - 
47-41059079 
 
recent update of the final prices of electricity and natural gas and on the initiatives launched 
by it to benefit consumers with regard to the standard service – of 18 November 2019). The 
Authority has proposed a three-year service starting from the assignment through tenders of 
lots (subject of a subsequent DCO) of about 500,000 to 1 million customers, similar in terms 
of characteristics and level of arrears, which will be reserved for operators with solid economic, 
financial, managerial and operational requirements. The service is assigned to the best price at 
a discount (or increase) of the sales marketing price (prezzo commercializzazione di vendita, 
“PCV”). The difference between the PCV and the price offered in the tender, called “alpha” 
fee, will be charged to the customer after 12 months for domestic and 6 for non-domestic 
customers or immediately if the “alpha” fee is negative and also applied to free market offers, 
to avoid distortions between the standard and free markets. The Regulator therefore proposes 
two possible alternative models of the service: 
model 1: with a Single Buyer responsible for procurement and the main utility provider in 
charge of sales (with the further hypothesis 1bis in which the Single Buyer is also responsible 
for the management of the amounts paid by end customers and their distribution among the 
various parties in the chain); 
model 2: with the main utility provider in charge of both procurement and sales. With regard 
to the contractual conditions, the Authority proposes that they should be equivalent to the 
standard PLACET offer, including the prohibition of the inclusion of an additional product or 
service with respect to the supply of electricity, but with the possibility of always being able 
to offer one’s own product on the free market.  
During the 2017, the entire system has been involved in the structure of the general costs of 
the system for the electricity sector and ARERA worked on it very deeply, below a list of the 
main resolutions, inter alia: 
a) Resolution 50/2018/R/EEL of 1 February 2018 – Provisions relating to the 
recognition of charges that could not otherwise be recovered due to the failure to 
collect general system charges  
The Authority introduced a mechanism to reinstate the general system charges paid but not 
collected by distributors and establishes:  
• the conditions for access: it is envisaged that access to the mechanism will be given to 
any distributor that requests it and that fulfils the obligations of paying the general 
system charges starting from the receivables accrued from 1 January 2016, in relation 
to transport contracts terminated for non-compliance for at least 6 months;  
• the recoverable amount: the amounts to be included both related to the charges incurred 
for any actions aimed at the collection of receivables and the receivables not collected 
identified by the ARERA, as well as the amounts to be excluded or considered reduced. 
The procedural aspects and obligations set by the Energy and Environmental Services 
Fund (CSEA) are then defined for quantification and settlement of the amounts to be 
recognised to the companies. Lastly, resolution 626/2018/R/EEL of 5 December 2018, 
in which the Authority deferred the completion of the reform of the general system 
charges for domestic users to 2020, postponing the elimination of residual 
progressiveness from rates. Therefore, the two-scale structure remains in place for 2019 
(up to 1,800 kWh/year and over 1,800 kWh/year). 
With Resolution 300/2019/R/eel – Urgent amendments to the Authority’s Resolution 
50/2018/R/eel concerning uncollected general charges – ARERA excluded from the

--- Page 240 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 236 - 
47-41059079 
 
quantification of the uncollected receivables (to be repaid by means of the current 
mechanism of Resolution 50/2018) any interest on arrears billed to transport users and 
recalculates it at the legal interest rate. Subsequent Resolution 495/2019/R/eel – Provisions 
on the recognition of non-recoverable receivables relating to general system charges not 
collected by electricity distribution companies. Confirmation with additions to the 
Authority’s resolution 300/2019/R/eel – clarifies that the provision of Resolution 300/2019 
refers to receivables arising after 11 July 2019 (date of entry into force of Resolution 
300/2019/R/eel). 
b) Resolution 922/2017/R/EEL - Completion of the reform of the tariff structure of 
general system charges for non-domestic users in the electricity sector and 
coordination with the new system for recognizing subsidies for companies with 
high electricity consumption. Changes and additions to the TIT, also with 
reference to domestic users 
The resolution completes the reform of the tariff structure of general system charges for non-
domestic customers in the electricity sector, implementing the provisions of Resolution 
481/2017/R/EEL, coordinating it with the new mechanism for recognizing benefits for strong 
businesses electricity consumption. 
With resolution 119/2022/R/eel, the Authority established the mechanism for reinstating 
electricity distribution companies of uncollected and otherwise non-recoverable credits in 
relation to general system charges and network charges outlining the access conditions, the 
criteria for the quantification of the admitted credits and for the recognition, the operating 
procedures and timing for the submission of applications and settlement of the amounts by 
CSEA. 
Second generation (2G) smart metering systems in the electricity sector 
Resolution 100/2019 / R / eel - Second generation smart metering systems for the 
measurement of low voltage electricity. Update for the 2020-2022 three-year period on 
the provisions for the recognition of costs of 2G smart metering systems  
On 20 March 2019, the Authority introduces an update for the 2020-2022 three-year period of 
the provisions on the determination and recognition of costs relating to second-generation 
smart metering systems (2G). In particular, the proposals reported in the consultation document 
include: 
• 
the possibility of setting obligations on the timing of the commissioning of 
2G systems together with the modulation of the "conventional plan" in order 
to reduce the "two-speed country" risk; the updating and simplification of 
the provisions relating to the admission to the fast track of the companies 
that start their own commissioning plan for 2G smart metering systems in 
these three years; 
• 
the evaluation of the provisions of the decree of the MED no. 93/2017 
concerning the periodic verification of electricity meters and the extra costs 
that could arise; 
• 
the possibility of introducing provisions to quantify the penalties to be 
applied in the event of failure to comply with the expected performance 
levels of 2G smart metering systems.

--- Page 241 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 237 - 
47-41059079 
 
With Resolution no. 306/2019/R/eel – Update for the three year period 2020-2022 of the 
directives for the recognition of the costs of second-generation (2G) smart metering systems 
for the measurement of low-voltage electricity and commissioning provisions – ARERA 
updated for the three-year period 2020-22 the directives for the preparation of plans for the 
commissioning of second-generation (2G) smart metering systems and defined the cost 
recognition mechanisms and penalties for failure to implement the plan or for failure to meet 
expected performance levels. Although with slight changes, the guidelines presented in DCO 
100/2019/R/eel were confirmed, specifically: (i) the major DSOs must start the installation 
phase by 2022 and finish by 2026 (at least 95%), with an intermediate step to be achieved by 
2025 (90% of the planned installations); (ii) it confirms the general principle of not recognising 
costs associated with voluntary early disposal of 1G meters (so-called stranded meters), and to 
avoid “two-speed country risk” distribution companies that have yet to submit to the Authority 
their “2G smart metering system commissioning plan” (“PMS2”) will have the commissioning 
plan calculated in such a way as to encourage the shortening of the current gap; (iii) starting 
from year 4, penalties are envisaged for failure to meet expected performance levels (only 
monitoring is carried out in the first three years of PMS2), with annual and multi-annual 
ceilings on penalties.  
In September 2019 ARETI sent the Authority a request for admission to the recognition of this 
type of investment and held a public session to present the plan in October 2019. The plan 
envisages the replacement of 2.3 million meters by 2034 with a total expenditure of Euro 546 
million, of which Euro 318.9 million in capital expenditures. The consultation phase of 
ARETI’s 2G smart meter plan envisaged in resolution 306/2019/R/eel ended in November. 
The Authority published resolution 293/2020/R/eel approving the costs of ARETI’s 2G smart 
meter systems. 
On 22 November 2022, following the consultation period begun with DCO 284/2022/R/eel, 
ARERA published resolution 601/2022/R/eel in which it introduced transitional changes to 
certain provisions for the second generation (2G) smart metering systems for low voltage 
electricity. In particular, it establishes: for 2022 and the first half of 2023, non-application of 
the “operational” criteria in any significantly relevant area; for 2022, provisions pursuant to 
article 18, paragraphs 1 and 3 of Annex A to resolution 306/2019/R/eel are suspended, relative 
to penalties for delays with respect to the forecasts for implementing the service and limited 
non-compliance with expected performance levels; the effects deriving from the planned and 
actual numbers of 2G metres for 2022 were sterilised. Finally, with resolution 724/2022/R/eel, 
the Authority updated the 2G Directives for 2023-2025 establishing i) that annual accounting 
methods for physical progress be made systematic, with time frames similar to the accounting 
already established for economic and performance progress, ii) that the monitoring period for 
2G 40 1. Report on Operations smart metering system performance be extended to 4 years, 
activating penalties only as of 1 January of the fifth year of PMS2, in light of the problems 
which arose relative to the COVID-19 health emergency and the significant limitations on 
availability of 2G components, iii) an obligation to promptly replace 1G metres with 2G metres 
for activation requests for collective self-consumption, and iv) a premium mechanism for 
accelerating PMS2 as an effect of public contributions. 
Provisions for the Regulation Integrated Text  
Resolution 668/2018/R/eel – Economic incentive for interventions to increase the 
resilience of electricity distribution networks  
With Resolution 668/2018/R/EEL of 18 December 2018 the Authority introduced an incentive 
mechanism for investments aimed at increasing resilience, focusing in particular on the

--- Page 242 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 238 - 
47-41059079 
 
resistance of distribution networks subjected to extreme weather events. As anticipated by the 
Authority in consultation, projects with benefits greater than costs are eligible for a bonus, 
while all the projects present in the resilience plan of the DSO are subject to penalties. More 
in detail, the bonus for each project – quantifiable as 20% of the net benefit of the project itself 
– will be reduced by 50% in the event that the effective completion date is postponed by six 
months compared to what was initially envisaged in the plan. At the same time, the penalty 
associated with each project will be 10% of the costs actually incurred for the task if the 
effective completion date is postponed by 12 months compared to what was initially specified 
in the plan, and 25% if the delay lasts 18 or more months. In the latter case, the DSO must 
justify the causes of the delay, describe the actions taken to recuperate the time lost and give 
an indication of any extra costs arising from the delay. With regard to the operating procedures 
of the bonus/penalty mechanism, the resolution envisages that by 30 November every year 
from 2019 to 2024 the Authority will update and publish the list of the projects of each main 
DSO eligible for a bonus and/or penalty, and by 31 December of each year from 2020 to 2025 
it will determine for each DSO the bonuses and penalties related to the projects with effective 
completion date in the previous year. 
ARETI sent to ARERA its 2019-2021 resilience plan in order to participate in the incentive 
mechanism of rewards and penalties as early as 2019. With resolution 534/19 ARERA resolved 
to include the projects in ARETI’s 2019-2021 resilience plans in the mechanism of premiums 
and/or penalties. About 230 projects are planned for a total of Euro 69 million in investments, 
mainly concentrated in 2020, designed to mitigate the risk of heat waves (most of the projects) 
and flooding (the balance). 
Natural Gas 
Italian regulations enacted in May 2000, by means of the Legislative Decree No. 164/2000 (the 
"Letta Decree") - implementing EU directives on gas sector liberalisation (Directive 
1998/30/EC) - introduced competition into the Italian natural gas market through the 
liberalisation of the import, export, transport, dispatching, and sale of gas. The liberalisation 
process was successively strengthened by Directive 2003/55/EC, which introduced, on the one 
hand, stricter unbundling obligations on companies operating in the gas transport, distribution 
and sale sectors and, on the other hand, incentives for new import infrastructure. The 
authorities responsible for turning this regulation into practice are the MED and ARERA. 
Sale 
On 13 October 2020, ARERA published the Resolution 380/2020/R/com and consequently 
launched the proceeding aimed to review the WACC methodology for the regulatory period 
starting from 2022. The revision will be focused on the economic parameters, which are part 
of the WACC methodology and should be carried out in a substantial continuity with the 
previous discipline. 
With the Resolution 141/2021, ARERA started a proceeding to review the operational 
expenditure efficiency factor established for the period 2014-2016 on the gas distribution 
tariffs (Resolution 24 July 2014 - 367/2014/R/gas). The review took place since the Regional 
Administrative Court of Lombardy (the jurisdictional authority for administrative processes 
referred to ARERA activities) accepted the appeal of the operators claiming for a deeper 
regulatory investigation in preparation of the abovementioned resolution. The conclusion of 
the proceeding is expected for 31 December 2021, with one or more public consultations as 
part of the regulatory decision making process. 
Electricity and gas retail markets: ARERA activity during 2020 and 2021

--- Page 243 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 239 - 
47-41059079 
 
Budget Law 2020 
With regard to the energy market, the 2020 Budget Law, no. 160 of 27 December 2019, 
introduced the following changes starting from 1 January 2020: 
- art. 1 paragraph 5 of the 2018 Budget law has been erased, which means that the 
provisions on the two-year limitation period do apply in the event of failure or 
erroneous detection of consumption data, deriving from ascertained responsibility of 
the user; 
- in the event of non-payment of the invoices, the public utility service operators are 
obliged to send to customers the notification of contestation of non-payment and the 
notice of suspension of the supply with not less than 40 days' notice. In order to fulfil 
this obligation, resolution 219/2020/R/com was published by the Authority. In 
particular the Authority has therefore introduced the changes necessary to guarantee 
the protection of 40 days' notice, this period of time starts from the date of notification 
of the notice of establishment in late payment sent by registered letter with return 
receipt or electronic certified email (posta elettronica certificata); 
- in the event of illegal conduct regarding billing (violations relating to the methods of 
recording consumption, making adjustments or billing, charges for unjustified expenses 
or costs for consumption, services), which has been ascertained by the competent 
authority or "duly documented by means of a specific declaration, presented 
autonomously by the customer also by electronic means", the seller is required to: 
- reimburse any sums already paid by the customer; and 
- pay a penalty equal to 10% of the disputed and undue amount, and in any case not less 
than Euro 100, within 15 days from the verification / positive response to the customer's 
declaration "through, at the user's choice, the reversal in the subsequent invoice or a 
specific payment ". 
Two-year prescription 
The Authority published resolution 184/2020/R/com with which it has adapted the sector 
regulations to the provisions established by Article 1 paragraph 295 of the 2020 Budget Law, 
eliminating the hypothesis of customer responsibility. On 27 July 2020, Acea Energia filed an 
appeal with the Lombardy Regional Administrative Court against this resolution, raising the 
illegitimacy of bringing the application of the prescription back to the mere passing of time, 
without considering any impeding behaviour of customers, it would lead to a 'non-
constitutionally oriented interpretation of the 2020 Budget Law. With a decision passed on 14 
June 2021, the Regional Administrative Court of Lombardy ruled in favour of the appeal, with 
consequent cancellation of resolution 184/2020/R/com, on the basis that the interpretation of 
the 2020 Budget Law had only referred to the duration of the limitation (two years instead of 
five years), without however excluding the applicability of the general civil code regulations 
regarding limitation. With Consultation Document 457/2021/R/com, the Authority revised the 
information obligations set out in Resolution 569/2018/R/com, in the events of billing of 
consumption dating back more than two years, to favour smaller end customers deemed worthy 
of stronger protection. 
With Resolution 603/2021/R/com, the Authority amended Resolution 569/2018/R/com on the 
billing of consumption dating back more than two years as a result of DCO 457/21, in order to 
comply with the above-mentioned decision of the Lombardy Regional Administrative Court.

--- Page 244 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 240 - 
47-41059079 
 
With this resolution, the Authority confirmed the distributor's obligation to notify the seller, 
via certified email (posta elettronica certificata) – contemporaneously with the metering or 
adjustment data referring to consumption dating back to a period more than two years back – 
the indication of the presumed existence or non-existence of causes hindering the accrual of 
the limitation period pursuant to the primary and general reference legislation. It also 
confirmed that the seller's information obligations vis-à-vis the end customer should be 
separated depending on whether or not there are any amounts on the invoice for which the 
limitation is contested. Regional Administrative Court has suspended resolution ARERA no. 
603/2021 limited to article 6.4 of the Annex to said resolution, which is the transitional 
regulation that obliges the distributor to respond within 7 days. The public hearing for the 
discussion is set for 1 December 2022. On 2 January 2023, the TAR published the sentences 
in which it upheld the appeals of Italgas and 2i Rete Gas regarding the two-year limitation 
period, annulling articles 5 (“Distributor's reporting obligations”) and 6.4 (“Transitional 
provisions”) of Annex A to resolution 603/2021 and art. 9 of resolution 604/2021. With the 
judgement, the TAR underlines that “the law does not attribute to the ARERA the power to 
affect the general rules on the matter of limitation, so that it can neither introduce different 
causes for suspension of the limitation period, nor modify the distribution of the burden on this 
point proof, nor alter the content of the various relationships existing, respectively, between 
the distributor and the seller and between the seller and the final customer, assigning the 
distributor the task of ascertaining and juridically qualifying facts intended to affect the 
limitation regime in the relationship to which he is unrelated”.  
On 9 March 2023, with resolution 86/2023/C/com “Appeal of the sentences 2 January 2023, n. 
35 and no. 36 of the Lombardy TAR, First Section, for the partial annulment of the Authority's 
resolutions 603/2021/R/com and 604/2021/R/com”, the Authority decided to appeal to the 
Council of State against the sentences of the Lombardy TAR on the subject of cancellation of 
the communication obligations imposed on distributors in relation to the two-year statute of 
limitations on bills pursuant to articles 5 ("Distributor's reporting obligations") and 6.4 
("Transitional provisions") of Annex A to resolution 603/2021 and art. 9 of resolution 
604/2021. According to the Authority, the conditions exist for filing an appeal against the 
aforementioned sentences of the Lombardy Regional Administrative Court as they are based 
on an erroneous interpretation of the relevant factual and legal elements. 
With reference to the settlement of the electricity and natural gas sectors, the Authority 
published the consultation document 330/2020/R/com in order to define the mechanisms aimed 
at regulating the economic items related to the two-year prescription. In particular, the 
Authority provided for a compensation mechanism aimed at indemnifying the sellers from the 
missed collections due to the application of the two-year prescription not linked to their 
liability (invoicing delays) with specific reference to the amounts referring to the commodity 
and to the dispatching, as well as the fees for the transport service and general charges.  
Following on from consultation document 330/2020/R/com, the Authority published 
Resolution 604/2021/R/com, which provides for: 
• an annual compensation mechanism for the greater protection operator or the 
dispatching user associated with a withdrawal point, making it possible also to recover 
in the successive annual session any amounts not recovered in the reference annual 
session; 
• a mechanism to make distribution companies liable, whereby from 2023 all electricity 
distribution companies will be required to pay a penalty to CSEA each year for 
recalculations invoiced in the previous year due to non-collection of actual readings or

--- Page 245 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 241 - 
47-41059079 
 
adjustments of actual metering amounts previously utilised, for the portion prior to 24 
months of the date on which the data was made available. 
With measure dated 13 October 2022 (ordinanza no. 4568/2022), the Court of Bologna 
clarified that SME and large companies are excluded from the category of entities to which the 
biennial limitations apply for electricity and gas bill. 
COVID-19 health emergency: main resolutions 
Following the state of emergency relating to the health risk declared with the resolution of the 
Council of Ministers of January 31, 2020, the Authority, with resolution 60/2020 / R / COM, 
ordered: 
• for all low voltage electricity customers and for all gas customers with consumption of 
less than 200,000 Sm, the suspension until 3 April 2020 of the regulations for credit 
protection for non-fulfillment in payment invoices that have already expired on the date 
of 10 March 2020; 
• the establishment, at the CSEA, of a COVID-19 emergency account intended to 
guarantee the financing of initiatives in customers' support. For the purpose of 
replenishing the account, the CSEA can use the balances available in the other 
management accounts for an amount up to Euro 1 billion, subsequently extended to 
Euro 1.5 billion with resolution 95/2020/R/com. 
With the subsequent resolution 75/2020/R/com, in implementation of the law decree 9/2020, 
the Authority provided for the users located in the 11 municipalities identified as "red zone" in 
the annex to the same decree: 
- the suspension of the terms of payment of invoices issued or to be issued until 30 April 
2020 and of any invoice relating to consumption relating to the period between the 
entry into force of decree-law 9/20 (2 March 2020) and 30 April 2020; 
- the suspension of the credit protection regulations until 30 April for the non-fulfillment 
of payment obligations relating to invoices or notices of payment, including those that 
have expired on the date of entry into force of decree-law 9/20; 
- the automatic payment by installments of the amounts subject to suspension. 
Furthermore, in order to guarantee the continuity of the social bonus to citizens who are entitled 
to it, with resolution 76/2020/R/com the Authority deferred the term within which customers 
can request its renewal. 
Moreover, with resolution 59/2020/R/com, it ordered the extension of a series of disclosure 
obligations for sales companies and clarified the application of the discipline of failure to 
comply with specific and general quality standards due to force majeure. 
With resolution 74/2020/R/com, it ordered the suspension, until May 31, 2020, of the terms of 
the preliminary phase and the decision-making phase of the proceedings already started or that 
will be started after the publication of the same resolution and granted the new deadline of 5 
June 2020 with respect to the fulfillment of the decision-making phase expired in the period 
between 23 February 2020 and the date of publication of the resolution itself. 
With Resolution 116/2020/R/com, the Authority intervened on the provision of electricity 
transport and natural gas distribution services, establishing that:

--- Page 246 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 242 - 
47-41059079 
 
- in case of paying at least 70% of the total invoiced with reference to the withdrawal 
points powered by low voltage, the discipline of non-fulfillment connected to the 
payment for the transport invoices expiring in April 2020 is suspended; 
- the suspension of enforcement of the guarantees given if at least 80% of the amount of 
the distribution invoices expiring in April 2020 has been paid; 
- in the electricity sector, for the purpose of satisfying the requirement of regularity of 
payments, in relation to the guarantees given, the distributor does not take into account 
the delays for transposed invoices expiring in April 2020 (if paid at least 70% of the 
turnover with reference to the sampling points powered in low voltage); and 
- in the event of a downgraded rating as a result of the current emergency, the minimum 
level BB + of Standard & Poor's Corporation or Ba1 of Moody's Investor Service will 
be provisionally recognized, as well as, for the electricity sector, the BB + level of Fitch 
Ratings, or in any case equivalent levels. 
With resolution 149/2020 / R / COM the Authority modified resolution 116/2020 / R / COM, 
extending its prescriptions until June 1.  
With the subsequent resolution 117/2020 / R / com, the Authority amended and supplemented 
resolution 60/2020 / R / com, providing the extension until 13 April 2020 of the block of all 
possible procedures for the suspension of electricity and gas supplies started with the previous 
resolution. 
Finally, with resolutions 121/2020 / R / eel 207/2020 / R / COM, the Authority modified, 
temporarily and until 30 June 2020, the current regulation of imbalances with the aim of 
mitigating the major negative effects on market operators. the imbalances that occurred in this 
emergency phase; phase that has determined, in addition to a drastic drop in electricity 
consumption, also a persistent increase in scheduling difficulties by dispatching users due to a 
discontinuous resumption of operation of activities, not manageable through the normal 
diligence applicable to the forecasting.  
Subsequently, with resolution 124/2020 / R / com, the Authority modifies the resolution 
60/2020 / R / com, extending again the procedures for the suspension of electricity, gas and 
water supplies until 3 May 2020, following the Prime Ministerial Decree of 10 April 2020. 
On 19 May 2020, the Relaunch Decree (Decree-Law 19 May 2020, n. 34) was published. In 
particular, the legislator intervenes in the matter of charges for electricity bills relating to non-
domestic low voltage customers with power greater than 3 Kw, providing for a reduction in 
the expenditure relating to the power portion by applying only a fixed portion of a reduced 
amount, for the months of May, June and July 2020. 
Following the “D.L. Sostegni”, the resolution 124/2021/R/EEL established the transitory 
reduction of tariffs for low voltage utilities for non-domestic use also for the period 1 April - 
30 June 2021. Following the “D.L. Sostegni Bis”, the resolution 279/2021/R/EEL extended 
the provisions already adopted with Resolution 124/2021/R/eel until 31 July 2021.Moreover, 
with resolution 192/2020 / R / COM, the Authority extended the urgent measures regarding 
the provision of electricity transport and natural gas distribution services, modifying and 
supplementing Resolution 116/2020 / R / com. In particular: 
• with reference to the electricity transport invoices due in June 2020 and the gas 
distribution invoices due after 1 June and up to 30 June, the payment threshold has been

--- Page 247 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 243 - 
47-41059079 
 
raised for which the suspension of the procedures is envisaged of default by distributors: 
for the electricity sector, (from 70%) to at least 90% of the LV users billed and, for the 
gas sector, (from 80%) to at least 90% of the amount billed for gas; and 
• the provisions on rating and regularity of payments were extended until 30 June. 
With resolution 248/2020 /R/com the Authority ordered that the seller pays the payments 
partially made in relation to the transport invoices due in the months of April, May and June, 
in a single solution, by September 2020, or in three monthly instalments without interest with 
maturity starting from September. Finally, with reference to the guarantees of the credit rating, 
the Authority has ordered that the rating held by the user (or by the parent company) continue 
and be satisfied for a further 12 months from the downgrade if the rating, downgraded as a 
result of the emergency situation, is at least equal to level BB + or equivalent. 
Social bonus 
The automatic recognition of the social bonus to the entitled persons was established with Law 
Decree 124/19 starting from 2021 and with the subsequent resolution 14/2020/R/com and the 
DCO 204/2020 / R / com, the Authority started the procedure for the definition of the 
implementation of the provisions of the decree-law. With Resolution 63/2021/R/COM, 
ARERA regulated the automatic recognition of social bonuses due to economic hardship, in 
order to allow end customers in difficult circumstances to automatically receive the discount 
in their bills without having to apply for this measure. With resolutions 635/2021/R/com, 
141/2022/R/com, 
295/2022/R/com 
and 
462/2022/R/com 
ARERA 
confirmed 
the 
supplementary social bonus (introduced with the resolution 396/2021/R/com in the fourth 
quarter of 2021) for the entire 2022. In addition, with resolution 380/2022/R/com, ARERA, in 
accordance with Legislative Decree n. 21 of 21 March 2022, established the increase of the 
ISEE threshold to access the social bonus (from Euro 8,000 to Euro 12,000) for the period 
from 1 April 2022 to 31 December 2022. From 2023 the new Budget Law established a new 
increase of the ISEE threshold up to Euro 15,000 and introduced a gradualness for the bonus 
in relation to the various ISEE thresholds. Following DCO 646/2022/R/com, ARERA 
implemented these two innovations through resolutions 13/2023/R/com and 23/2023/R/com. 
Public interventions in price setting  
On 31 December 2020, the MED signed the decree "Free electricity market. Conscious entry 
scheme for end customers" for small businesses from 1 January 2021. The decree confirms the 
Authority’s provisions with resolution 491/2020/R/eel apart from the threshold, raised to 35% 
and then updated by ARERA with resolution 28/2021/R/EEL. The decree mainly concerns: 
- the launch of information campaigns for all types of customers, which will involve 
multiple institutional subjects in collaboration with trade organizations and consumer 
associations; 
- the provision of a six-monthly ARERA report, for the period 2021-2022, on the 
evolution of customers’ behaviour, on the trend of prices offered, on the transparency 
and advertising of offers and related services. This monitoring activity will take place 
from 1 July 2021 and until 31 December 2022; and  
- the confirmation of ARERA’s gradual protection service (Servizio a Tutele Graduali, 
“Gradual Protection Service”) for small businesses (with a contractually power level 
higher than 15 kW) starting from 2021, to be assigned through public tenders starting 
from July 2021, specifying that:

--- Page 248 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 244 - 
47-41059079 
 
o the identification of territorial areas must be characterized by a balanced level of 
risk associated with arrears or by dimensional homogeneity in terms of volumes; 
o the maximum volume that can be assigned to a single operator throughout the 
country is 35%; 
o the provision of specific incentive mechanisms for arrears’ recovery based on 
customers’ specificities; 
o confirms the three-year duration of the service assigned by tender; 
o confirms the transitional regime until June 2021. During this period the service will 
be managed by the local supplier in the area of his own competence; and  
o ARERA will have to prepare a periodic report on the implementation of the Gradual 
Protection Service and on the outcome of public tenders. 
The specular MED decree for microenterprises and household customers is still awaited. 
The conversion into law of the D.L. 183/2020 (Milleproroghe) with law 1 March 2021, n. 21 
(effective from 2 March 2021) extended the termination of public interventions in the price 
setting for household customers and microenterprises from 1 January 2022 to 1 January 2023. 
Law n. 233 of 29 December 2021, which converted into law, with amendments, Law Decree 
n. 152 of 6 November 2021, established that: 
• electric micro-enterprises will be served in Gradual Protection Service from 1 January 
2023 and the tenders will take place during 2022. Resolution n. 208/2022 and the Single 
Buyer’s act of 30 May 2022 provide that the tenders will take place during September 
2022; due to cyberattacks on the IT platform of Single Buyer, the tenders took place 
during November and so, with resolution 586/2022/R/eel, ARERA postponed the 
beginning of the Service to April 2023; Acea Energia won area number 11, which 
includes Naples and some cities in Puglia; 
• electric household customers will switch to the Gradual Protection Service following 
the tenders that will be held by 10 January 2024. Pending the execution of said tenders, 
these clients will remain served in the current “Servizio di maggior tutela”; 
• electric vulnerable customers will be served in the current “Servizio di maggior tutela” 
until ARERA defines a specific offer; and 
• gas household customers’ regulated prices will still stop on 10 January 2024 as 
established by Law Decree no. 176/2022 (“Decreto Aiuti Quarter”). 
On 18 May 2023, the Ministry of the Environment published decree n. 169, containing 
"Regulation of the criteria and methods for the informed entry of domestic customers into the 
free electricity market". Such Decree provides that: 
- the establishment of a maximum threshold of the areas that can be awarded to a single 
operator equal to 30 percent of the total number of the same areas, to be applied throughout 
the national territory and cumulatively in the case of several companies belonging to the same 
group;

--- Page 249 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 245 - 
47-41059079 
 
- confirms the exclusion of vulnerable customers from auctions for the gradual protection 
service, stating that for these customers "by 10 January 2024, the ARERA ensures that the 
current enhanced protection regime is overcome in compliance with the provisions of EU law; 
- the Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security, in promoting the institutional 
information campaigns intended for domestic customers through a plurality of information 
channels and on the main national media, also uses the television channels in peak viewing 
hours and ensures the execution of the campaigns with adequate timeliness and periodicity; 
- the Service suppliers are identified on the basis of bankruptcy procedures carried out by 
Acquirente Unico S.p.A., regulated according to methods aimed at avoiding the concentration 
of the offer, by means of, among other things, identifying a suitable number of geographical 
areas, merging even areas distant from each other, characterized by an adequate dimensional 
structure in terms of withdrawal points and with a level of risk connected to the arrears of the 
final customers concerned in order to favour the widest participation of operators in the 
procedures; 
- the period of assignment of the Gradual Tutel Service remains a maximum of 4 years, but 
from 1 April 2027 it will only become a service of last resort; 
- the operator of the gradual protection service, at least starting from the six months prior to 
the expiry of the TSG assignment period, according to the methods and terms defined by the 
ARERA, periodically informs the end customer, also by certified e-mail or web spaces 
dedicated to the customer: a) of the expiry of the period of disbursement of the STG and of the 
right to choose another supplier on the free market or any offer on the free market from the 
same operator; b) the fact that, in the absence of an express choice, upon expiry of the TSG 
supply period, the customer is supplied by the same TSG operator on the basis of its most 
favourable free market offer. 
On 16 May, the Authority approved a consultation document, 212/2023/R/eel, on the methods 
of auctions for the electricity service with gradual protection to which current non-vulnerable 
domestic customers in enhanced protection will be transferred, which will have to be 
concluded by law by 10 January 2024. The deadline for sending comments is 12 June 2023. 
New obligations of the commercial conduct code  
The Resolution 426/2020/R/com strengthened the mandatory information that the electricity 
and natural gas suppliers are obliged to give to customers, both in the pre-contractual phase 
and in the contractual phase, through the revision of the commercial conduct code. Changes 
related to the pre-contractual phase will be effective from 1 July 2021; whereas, changes 
related to the contractual phase will be effective from 1 October 2021. Among the main 
innovations, the Authority established (i) the introduction of a summary sheet that summarizes 
the contents of the contract and (ii) new price indicators, in order to facilitate the comparison 
between commercial offers. In addition, the Authority established a mandatory sending of a 
specific communication in the event of automatic changes of the economic conditions. 
New rules for the billing process 2.0 
With Resolution 549/2020/R/com, the Authority started a procedure to amend some rules of 
the billing process in order to pursue the objectives of transparency and comprehensibility of 
information towards the customer following some important regulatory innovations, regulatory 
and technological measures that occurred after its first adoption, in 2016.

--- Page 250 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 246 - 
47-41059079 
 
The register of electricity suppliers  
The “Annual law for the market and competition”, n. 124 of 2017, which entered into force on 
29 August 2017, established that electricity suppliers, in analogy with natural gas suppliers, 
must be registered in the Register of electricity suppliers (Elenco Venditori Energia - EVE), to 
be established by decree of MED's proposal (now MITE). To get the registration in the register, 
sellers must be in possession of certain technical and financial requirements (such as regularity 
of payments and minimum share capital of Euro 100,000) and integrity. The eventual exclusion 
from the register also takes into account the violations and irregular conduct carried out in the 
electricity sale activity, sanctioned by the Authorities (Arera, AGCM, the Italian Privacy 
Authority, and the Italian Revenue Agency). The decree was issued on 5 May 2022. With 
Resolution 585/2022/R/eel, ARERA established the provisional registration of electricity 
suppliers that were accredited in the SII on November 2022. These sellers had until April 2023 
to confirm their registration. 
Electricity sales activity (RCVsm) 
The Resolution 576/2019/R/eel updated the sales marketing remuneration (remunerazione 
commercializzazione vendita, “RCV”) and DispBT components and the PCV fee with effect 
from 1 January 2020. In particular, with regard to the RCVsm component (specific for 
operators other than the incumbent) (remunerazione commercializzazione vendita imprese 
societariamente separate minori, “RCVsm”) for the central south territorial area, there is an 
increase in the value of the component to 44.10/Euro/POD compared to the value in 2019, 
equal to 42.53, for household customers and a decrease in value to 10.18/euro/pod compared 
to 2019, equal to 11.63, for business customers. 
The Resolution 100/2020/R/eel updated the value of the amounts of the default compensation 
mechanism (Article 16-ter of ARERA’s integrated text for the provision of electricity sales 
services to final users, or “TIV”) which is reduced from 3.83/Euro/POD to 1.8/Euro/POD for 
domestic customers and from 42.82/Euro/POD to 19.17/Euro/POD for business customers. 
With regard on the customer exit compensation mechanism (Article 16-quater of the TIV), the 
Authority revised the values of the benchmark that determines both access to the mechanism 
and the value of the compensation itself. In particular ARERA revised these values upwards, 
making the access to the mechanism more difficult and the compensation value lower. 
The Resolutions 603/2020/R/gas and 604/2020 / R / eel updated the RCV and DispBT 
components, the PCV fee for the electricity sector and the retail sales quota (“QVD 
component”) for the gas sector, with effect from 2021. With regard to the RCVsm component 
(specific for operators other than the incumbent) for the central south territorial area, there is a 
decrease in the value of the component to approximately 42.66/Euro/POD for domestic 
customers; while for business customer, there is an increase in the value of the component to 
approximately 107.73/Euro/POD. 
In addition, the Resolution 127/2021/R/eel updated the parameters relating to the TIV 
mechanisms named "Compensation mechanism for arrears of customers" and "Mechanism for 
customer exit compensation". In particular: 
- with reference to the first mechanism, the amount of compensation is decreasing for 
domestic customers but increasing for other customers. The same trend also applies to 
the threshold rates for access to the mechanism, i.e. for the minimum level of unpaid 
ratio that the individual companies must have registered in order to access the 
aforementioned mechanism; and

--- Page 251 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 247 - 
47-41059079 
 
- with reference to the second mechanism (Article 20) in relation to customers who left 
the protection service (where prices are set by the Authority “SMT”) during 2020, the 
values of the reference parameter were lowered in relation to the exits from the SMT 
to market-based supply prices (“ML”) connected to the same seller, while the values 
for the exits towards ML of the other competitors were raised. In addition, this 
mechanism with reference to the year 2021 will be redefined "in order to take into 
account the need to conduct an overall assessment of the remuneration of the operators 
of the SMT". 
The Authority published resolutions 146/2022/R/eel and 147/2022/R/gas, which respectively 
update the RCV and DispBT components and the PCV fee for the electricity sector and the 
QVD component for the gas sector starting from April 2022. ARERA will confirm, also for 
the future, an annual update frequency by 31 March of each year for all these parameters. As 
for the RCVsm component (specific for operators other than the incumbent) for the central-
south of Italy territorial area, there has been an increase in the value of the component of 
approximately 48.31 Euro/POD (previously Euro 42.66) for domestic customers and an 
increase in the value of the component to approximately Euro 129.29/POD (previously Euro 
107.73) for business customers. 
As for the parameters related to the TIV mechanisms named "Mechanism for customer exit 
compensation", there has been a decrease in all four parameters (which determine both access 
to the mechanism and the value of the compensation itself). This has a double positive effect: 
a lower threshold makes it easier to access to the mechanism and provides a greater the value 
of the compensation, as the compensation is commensurate to how much the actual churn rate 
recorded in a year exceeds the values indicated by ARERA. 
The Authority published resolutions 136/2023/R/eel and 137/2023/R/gas for the annual update 
of the regulated components. For the RCVsm component for the central-south of Italy 
territorial area, there has been a decrease in the value of the component of approximately 42.91 
Euro/POD (previously Euro 48.31) for domestic customers; no update was foreseen for 
business customers due to the end of price protection for this type of customer. 
For the parameters related to the TIV mechanisms named "Mechanism for customer exit 
compensation", only the one relating to the exit rate of domestic customers who go ML of the 
same seller is decreasing. 
General system charges 
Following the working groups carried out during the 2020, the Authority published the 
Resolution 32/2021/R/eel, which intervenes on the topic of general system charges (“OGdS”), 
establishing the mechanism for the recognition of OGdS not paid by customers (with reference 
to those invoices issued from March 2016), but paid by the suppliers to the DSO. 
With Resolution 123/2021/R/com, the Authority updated the electricity sector metered 
distribution tariffs and general charges, announcing the transfer of the asos component (i.e. the 
component of system charge expenditure intended to cover general charges related to the 
support of energy from renewable sources and cogeneration) (“ASOS”) from GSE to the 
CSEA, to be allocated to the account for new renewable energy plants. The transfer of 
responsibility for the collection of the ASOS component to the CSEA, with effect from 1 July 
2021 was officially confirmed under Resolution 231/2021/R/eel.  
Change of holder of the supply contract with change of supplier

--- Page 252 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 248 - 
47-41059079 
 
The Resolution 135/2021/R/eel introduced the right to change the holder of the supply contract 
with a simultaneous change of supplier in the electricity market. This possibility will be 
effective for the greatest part of the customers from 30 September 2021. However, for 
customers within the Gradual Protection Service, this will be applicable from 1 July 2021. 
The Authority published Resolution 360/2021/R/eel, which also states that in the event of a 
change of supplier, the existing commercial counterparty must tell the end customer supply 
contract holder that the contract is being terminated, specifying the relevant reasons. This 
resolution also extended the deadline from 30 September 2021 to 30 October 2021. 
Heat and Services 
Legislative Decree 102/14 granted ARERA regulatory and enforcement powers in the areas of 
district heating (teleriscaldamento), cooling and hot water for domestic use. In particular, the 
regulatory powers granted to ARERA relate to:  
• 
the continuity, quality and safety of the service, the plants and the 
accounting systems;  
• 
the criteria to determine the user rates for connection to the network and the 
methods to exercise the relevant right of disconnection; 
• 
the methods through which the network operators publish the prices for the 
provision, the connection, the disconnection and the accessory machinery 
for heating systems;  
• 
the reference conditions for the connection to the district heating and 
cooling networks applicable to new generation heating units;  
• 
the rates for the sale of heating in case of the obligation to connect to the 
district heating and cooling networks imposed by Italian Regions or 
Municipalities;  
• 
the regulation of the measurement and accounting systems of 
heating/cooling/water consumptions for health purposes; and 
• 
the regulation of invoicing information and documents.  
Pursuant to Legislative Decree 102/14, ARERA also exercises control, inspection and sanction 
powers provided by Law 481/95, as well as the sanction powers provided by Article 16 of 
Legislative Decree 102/14. 
With Resolution 271/2019/R/gas – Provisions relating to the process of making available the 
technical data of the redelivery points and the measurement data to the Integrated Information 
System and modification of the communication standards with reference to the gas sector – 
and subsequent Resolution 6/2019 – Modifications and integrations to the Operating 
Instructions and the xml structures to be used for the exchange of information with respect to 
the communication standards for the natural gas sector – the Authority gave a mandate to the 
integrated water service operator for the publication of new data files, which, from February 
2020, will be used for: (i) the provision of technical data, information and measurement data 
collected during the replacement of the meter and other technical service; (ii) the provision of 
the periodic measurement data collected in accordance with ARERA’s “Integrated text of retail 
sales activities of natural gas and gas other than natural gas distributed by means of urban 
networks” (TIVG), the self-readings made by end customers, the measurement data collected

--- Page 253 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 249 - 
47-41059079 
 
during switching, as well as other technical services requiring the collection of measurement 
data; (iii) making available the corrections to the measurement data submitted with the two 
previous flows. 
At the same time, the Authority has defined the procedures and timing that, given the specified 
starting date, allow the distribution companies to transfer the largest number of measurements 
to the IIS to be used for their settlements. The effective date of the new data files was later 
extended to 1 June 2020 with Resolution no. 493/2019/R/gas – Update of the methods and 
timelines for making available the technical data of redelivery points and measurement data 
for the gas sector to the Integrated Information System. 
With Resolution 406/2018/R/com – Entry into force of the regulation of the indemnification 
system within the Integrated Information System, for the electricity and natural gas sectors – 
the Authority established that from 1 June 2019 the processes relating to the indemnification 
system would be managed exclusively within the IIS, even for the gas sector. Reform of 
charges for domestic customers. During the last years, ARERA continued to deepen its activity 
on the district heating service with the following steps. 
2018 was a year of intense development with regard to regulation in the district heating sector, 
attributed to ARERA by Italian Legislative Decree 102/2014. During the year and after an 
intense activity of analysis and discussion with operators and associations, ARERA began to 
outline the guidelines for the future regulation of district heating. With resolution 24/2018/R/tlr 
and subsequent resolution 277/2018/R/tlr, ARERA issued the “Consolidated Law on the 
Regulation of the criteria for determining the connection fees and the procedures for the 
exercise by the user of the right of withdrawal for the regulatory period 1 June 2018-31 
December 2021 (TUAR)” in which it defines the regulation of the criteria for determining the 
connection fees and the procedures for the exercise by the user of the right to deactivate the 
supply and disconnection from the district heating network for the regulatory period 1 October 
2018-December 2020. 
With resolution no. 574/2018/R/tlr of 13 November 2018, ARERA defined the information 
obligations of parties operating in the district heating and cooling sector with regard to the 
Operators’ and Territorial Register and the procedures for submitting applications for 
exclusion of networks from the Authority’s regulation. The document, called “Information 
requirements for district heating and cooling operators (OITLR)” establishes that: a) parties 
operating in the district heating sector that have not yet registered in the “Operators’ Register” 
must do so by 31 December 2018 based on the new provisions; b) network operators must 
verify and, where necessary, supplement or update the information relating to each network 
they manage by 31 March 2019 at the latest using the “Anagrafica Territoriale (ATT)” 
computer protocol. 
With Resolution 661/2018/R/tlr, ARERA defined the regulation of the commercial quality of 
the district heating service for the regulatory period 1 July 2019-December 2021 and provided 
for the initiation of a procedure for the revaluation of the provisions on the exercise of the right 
of withdrawal established by the TUAR and some amendments thereto. ARERA has also 
launched a consultation on the technical quality of district heating, DCO 691/2018/R/ tlr, which 
is expected to be completed in 2019. Unlike the regulation of other regulated sectors, the 
regulation of district heating lacks the typical tariff oversight, because while the sector is 
regulated it operates under market conditions and not according to tariffs established by 
ARERA. Therefore, activities related to quality are ARERA’s main contributions to the sector. 
In 2019, the regulator published the following integrated texts relating to the sector: 1) RQTT 
– Regulation of the technical quality of district heating and cooling services – resolution

--- Page 254 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 250 - 
47-41059079 
 
548/2019/R/tlr and 2) TITT – Transparency of district heating and cooling services – resolution 
313/2019/R/tlr.  
With resolution 313/2019/R/tlr, the Regulatory Authority for Energy Networks and 
Environment (ARERA) defines the transparency regulations for the district heating and 
cooling sector for the regulatory period 1 January 2020-31 December 2023. The scope of the 
intervention includes the minimum contents of supply contracts and invoicing documents, the 
methods of publication of prices applied by operators and other information concerning the 
quality of service and environmental performance. It is also envisaged that the Authority will 
launch a price monitoring system.  
With resolution 548/2019/R/tlr (RQTT), ARERA adopted the regulation of the technical 
quality of the district heating service, with particular reference to safety and continuity of the 
service, for the regulatory period 1 July 2020-31 December 2023. 
Electricity sector: ARERA activity between 2020 and 2022 
With Resolution 190/2020/R/eel, ARERA took urgent actions necessary to implement the 
provisions of the Italian Law Decree no. 34 of 19 May 2020 (as subsequently amended and 
supplemented, the “Italian Relaunch Decree”) on the reduction of expenditures incurred by 
low voltage electricity user accounts other than domestic users for the months of May, June 
and July 2020. 
With Resolution 311/2020/R/eel, ARERA gave instructions to the CSEA in relation to 
management of the resources paid into the COVID- 19 emergency account under the terms of 
the Italian Relaunch Decree and to the activation of compensation to be paid to distributor 
companies for the lower receipts deriving from the provisions of Resolution 190/2020/R/eel. 
With Resolution 162/2020/R/eel, ARERA determined the provisional tariffs of reference.  
With Resolution 144/2020/R/eel, ARERA determined the definitive tariffs of reference for 
distribution and metering services for the year 2019. 
With resolution 639/2018/R/COM, ARERA updated the values of the parameters used to 
calculate the rate of return on Net Invested Capital (WACC) for the three-year period 2019-
2021, establishing a value of 5.9% for the distribution service. 
With Resolution 380/2020/R/COM of 13 October 2020, ARERA launched a proceeding to 
update the criteria for determining and updating the WACC for the WACC regulatory period 
that will begin on 1 January 2022 (the “PWACC”). 
In Resolution 568/2019, ARERA allowed the distribution companies concerned to submit an 
application by 30 September 2020 to request the single payment of the highest amount due 
with regard to the entire residual duration of the incentive. With Resolution 568/2019, ARERA 
established that the equalisation of the revenues from distribution would be reduced by an 
amount equal to 50% of the net revenues from the use of the electrical infrastructure for 
purposes additional to the electric service, recorded at the end of year n-2. 
With Resolution 568/2019, distribution companies were required to communicate to CSEA the 
information relating to the number of operations of increase or reduction of committed power 
requested by domestic customers connected to their grids. In this regard, on 9 June 2020 the 
Authority published Determination 10/2020-DIEU with which it established that this 
equalisation will be managed by CSEA with a single collection of data for the entire three-year 
period with the same phases and timing envisaged in the general equalisation of the year 2019.

--- Page 255 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 251 - 
47-41059079 
 
With Resolution 568/2019, ARERA introduced with effect from 2022 tariff regulation of 
reactive energy inputs used by end customers and distribution companies for all voltage levels. 
In this regard, the Authority published Determination 2/2021 – DIEU, in which it established 
that every distribution company directly connected to the national high and very-high 
transmission grid needs to send the Authority information by 30 June 2021 on (i) the quantities 
referring to the volumes of reactive energy, (ii) the type and annual amount of interventions 
implemented since 2017, as well as the ones planned by 2024, in order to check on the voltage 
and manage reactive energy inputs and withdrawals from the transmission grid. 
Resolution 449/2020/R/eel perfected the rules on network losses for the three years 2019-2021. 
In particular, the algorithm for calculating the deltaL equalisation relating to the value of the 
difference between the effective losses and the standard losses starting from the year 2019 was 
modified; the percentage factor applied for equalisation purposes for commercial losses of 
electricity on the networks with obligation to connect third parties for the “centre” zone and 
for the LV voltage level was modified, going from 2.0% to 1.83%. 
In addition, with a specific application to be presented by the end of May 2022, the resolution 
provides for recognition of network losses attributable to non-recoverable fraudulent 
withdrawals that manifest with exceptional amounts compared to the levels recognised 
conventionally. The recognition is provided for exclusively in the case of a negative net 
equalisation balance on the three years 2019-2021 and will have a value at the most equal to 
what is necessary to reduce this balance to zero. 
With Resolution 293/2020/R/eel, ARERA approved the plan of commissioning the 2G smart 
metering systems presented by ARETI and determined the related conventional 
commissioning plan and the expenses envisaged for the plan for the purposes of recognition 
of the costs of capital. 
With Resolution 461/2020/R/eel, the rules were defined for the payment to the electricity 
distribution companies of the otherwise non-recoverable expenses for failure to collect the 
tariffs for the network services. The CSEA is to quantify and settle the receivables not 
recoverable by distribution companies in relation to the network tariffs. By and no later than 7 
December 2020, the distribution companies could request to the CSEA to receive by 31 
December 2020 the disbursement of an advance equal to 50% of the full payment amount. On 
4 December 2020, CSEA was asked for the advance of an amount of approximately Euro 5.8 
million, and this was received on 31 December 2020. 
With Resolution 109/2021/R/eel, ARERA defined the procedures for providing the 
transmission, distribution and dispatching service in the event of (i) withdrawal of electricity 
for consumption relating to ancillary generation services and of (ii) withdrawal of electricity 
subsequently fed back into the grid from the storage system. According to said resolution, 
starting from 1 January 2022, electricity withdrawn for the subsequent feeding into the grid 
will be handled, on request of the producer, as negative electricity fed in for the purposes of 
accessing transport, distribution and dispatching services. Resolution 560/2021/R/EEL 
postponed the application of the rules on transmission, distribution and dispatching services 
for electrochemical storage, as referred to in Resolution 109/2021/R/EEL, to 1 January 2023. 
With resolution 614/2021/R/com, the criteria for determining and updating the remuneration 
rate for capital invested in infrastructure services for the electricity and gas sectors for 2022-
2027 were updated, setting the rate at 5.2% for electricity distribution and metering and 5.6% 
for gas distribution and metering. At the same time, ARERA published the consulting 
document 615/2021/R/com containing “Guidelines for developing ROSS-base regulations to

--- Page 256 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 252 - 
47-41059079 
 
apply to all regulated electricity and gas infrastructure services” which describes the 
methodological approach it intends to follow in developing ROSS systems (Regulation for 
Spending and Service Objectives), for tariff regulation of electricity and gas infrastructure 
services. The ROSS methodology will replace the current regulatory approach that entails 
separate recognition of operating and capital expense, in favour of a system based on the 
concept of “total reference spending”, the application of sharing ratios relative to total 
efficiency and the application of capitalisation rates set by the regulator. This new approach is 
currently still in the consulting stage. 
During 2022, with resolution 527/2022/R/com ARERA has launched a procedure for the 
adoption of provisions on regulation criteria for spending and service targets (“ROSS-
integrale”) and has published the consulting documents 317/2022/R/com and 655/2022/R/com, 
both containing criteria for determining the recognized cost according to the “ROSS-base” 
approach. Finally, on 22 November 2022, ARERA published resolution 599/2022/E/com 
which began an audit campaign with reference to documents on the topic of accounting 
separation and declared investments for a sample of regulated companies in the electricity 
distribution and natural gas distribution and transport sectors for the years 2018-2021. 
With the Resolution n. 163/2023/R/COM, ARERA published the TIROSS (Integrated Text of 
the ROSS mechanism) for the period 2024-2031, which defines the general criteria for the 
implementation of the new methodology. TIROSS will be completed with the framework for 
“ROSS-integrale” and the technical elements of the “ROSS-base” to be addressed in the 
sectoral regulation by the end of 2023. 
 Biennial limitation 
With Resolution 184/2020/R/com, ARERA adapted the sector regulations to the provisions 
established by art. 1, paragraph 295 of the 2020 Budget Law, providing for the modification 
of the sentence to be included in the annex to the invoice containing amounts subject to 
limitations and eliminating the case of customer liability.  
COVID-19 health emergency 
With Resolution 60/2020/R/COM, ARERA ordered: 
• for all low voltage electricity customers and for all gas customers with consumption 
below 200,000 Sm, the suspension until 3 April 2020 of the credit protection 
regulations for non-performance in payment for bills that had expired on 10 March 
2020; and 
• the establishment of a COVID-19 emergency account with CSEA, in order to ensure 
the financing of initiatives to support end customers. For the purpose of replenishing 
the account, the CSEA may use the stocks available in the other management accounts 
for an amount of up to Euro 1 billion, subsequently increased to Euro 1,5 billion by 
Resolution 95/2020/R/com. 
With subsequent Resolution 75/2020/R/com, in implementation of Italian Decree-Law 9/2020, 
in the annex to the same decree, ARERA ordered in favour of users located in the 11 
municipalities identified as "red zones”: 
• the suspension of the payment terms of bills issued or to be issued until 30 April 2020 
and of any invoice related to consumption for the period between the entry into force 
of Italian Decree-Law 9/20 (2 March 2020) and 30 April 2020;

--- Page 257 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 253 - 
47-41059079 
 
• the suspension of credit protection until 30 April for non-performance of payment 
obligations relating to bills or payment notices that had expired on the date of entry into 
force of Italian Decree-Law 9/20; and 
• the automatic payment by instalments of the amounts subject to suspension. 
Furthermore, in order to ensure the continuity of the disbursement of the social bonus to the 
citizens who are entitled to it, with Resolution 76/2020/R/com, the Authority ordered the 
postponement of the deadline by which customers can request its renewal, providing that for 
the period from 1 March to 30 April those that renew the request for bonus after the original 
deadline envisaged by the regulation, but in any case within 60 days after the end of the 
aforementioned suspension period, the continuity of the bonuses is guaranteed with retroactive 
validity from the original expiry date and for a period of 12 months. 
In parallel with the actions taken on behalf of final customers, the Authority also adapted 
regulations to the emergency situation, specifically: 
• Resolution 59/2020/R/com provides for the extension of a series of information 
obligations for sales companies, and clarified the application of regulations in the event 
of non-compliance with specific and general quality standards due to force majeure; 
and 
• Resolution 74/2020/R/com suspended until 31 May 2020 the deadlines of the 
investigation phase and the decision-making phase of proceedings that had already 
been initiated or would be initiated after the publication of said resolution, and granted 
the new deadline of 5 June 2020 with respect to the fulfilment of the decision-making 
phase that expired in the period between 23 February 2020 and the date of publication 
of the resolution itself. 
Moreover, with Determination 2/2020 - DACU DMRT, the Authority postponed the deadlines 
envisaged by the regulation for the communication of data referred to in articles 30, 32, 36 of 
ARERA’s “Integrated text of the regulation of the quality of electricity and natural gas sales 
services” (TIQV) and 19 of ARERA’s “Integrated text on preparatory measures for 
confirmation of electricity and/or natural gas supply contract and voluntary restoration 
procedure” (TIRV). Specifically, it deferred to 30 June 2020 the communication of the 
information requirements regarding the commercial quality of sales and telephone services for 
the year 2019. 
With Resolution 116/2020/R/com, the Authority took action on the provision of electricity 
transport and natural gas distribution services, establishing that: 
• if at least 70% of the total turnover has been paid with reference to low voltage 
withdrawal points, the regulation of defaults related to payment for transport bills due 
in April 2020 is suspended and the terms of the reminder or warning are extended by 
an additional 15 working days for transport bills due between 10 and 31 March 2020; 
• the suspension of the enforcement of the guarantees provided, or, in the absence of a 
guarantee provided, warnings to comply, if at least 80% of the amount of the 
distribution invoices due in April 2020 have been paid; 
• the phase of the default procedure in place on the date of entry into force of the 
resolution and relating to payments due from 10 March 2020 is extended by 15 working 
days;

--- Page 258 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 254 - 
47-41059079 
 
• in the electricity sector, in order to meet the requirement of regular payments, with 
regard to the guarantees provided, the distributor shall not take into account delays for 
transport invoices due in April 2020 (if at least 70% of turnover is paid with regard to 
low voltage withdrawal points). Furthermore, the user is required to renew the 
guarantees at the latest by the end of the third month prior to the expiry of the guarantee. 
In cases of request for an increase/presentation of a guarantee, the terms are extended 
by an additional 15 working days; 
• in the gas sector, the deadline for adjusting the financial guarantee for loss of rating 
requirements or due to an increase in redelivery points is extended by an additional 15 
working days; 
• in the event of a decision to downgrade ratings as a result of the current emergency, the 
minimum BB+ level of Standard&Poor's Corporation or Ba1 of Moody's Investor 
Service will be provisionally recognised, and for the electricity sector the BB+ level of 
Fitch Ratings will be assumed, or in any case equivalent levels; and 
• distribution companies have the right to pay only a portion of the general system 
charges actually collected: 80% of the turnover relating to low voltage withdrawal 
points for the electricity sector and 90% of the total turnover for gas. 
Finally, with Resolution 121/2020/R/eel, the Authority amended – at least temporarily and 
until 30 June 2020 – the current regulation of imbalances with the intention of mitigating the 
increased negative effects on operators of imbalances that occurred during this emergency, an 
emergency that caused both a drastic fall in electricity consumption and a lasting increase in 
scheduling difficulties for dispatching users due to a discontinuous resumption of operations 
not manageable through normal forecasting. The Authority established that operators can 
submit their comments by 15 May 2020. The ACEA Group presented its observations noting 
that the methods of measuring the imbalances envisaged by the resolution (cap and floor) could 
create distortions in the market due to the different method of calculating the two range values, 
proposing a deductible mechanism instead.  
With Resolution 207/2020/R/COM, the Authority confirmed the transitional valuation of the 
current imbalances during the COVID-19 epidemiological emergency envisaged by 
Resolution 121/2020/R/eel for the period from 10 March 2020 to 30 June 2020, considering 
these forecasts sufficient for the relevant purposes and therefore rejecting all comments on 
Resolution 121/2020 received from operators. 
With Resolution 124/2020/R/com the Authority further amended Resolution 60/2020/R/com, 
again extending the procedures for the suspension of electricity, gas and water supplies until 3 
May 2020, in line with the Italian Ministerial Decree of 10 April 2020. The deadlines for the 
identification of invoices that will be compulsorily subject to instalments pursuant to previous 
Resolution 117 were also adjusted in order to take into account the extension. 
With resolution 140/2020/R/COM the Authority extended the urgent provisions referred to in 
resolution 76/2020/R/com of the Authority on the electricity bonus, gas bonus and social water 
bonus: for consumers whose bonus expires in the period from 1 March to 31 May 2020, the 
option is given to renew the application for the bonus beyond the original deadline, extending 
it until 31 July 2020. 
Once the application is accepted, the bonus will be guaranteed continuously and retroactively 
from the original expiry. The renewal has the usual total duration of 12 months.

--- Page 259 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 255 - 
47-41059079 
 
With Resolution 148/2020/R/COM, the Authority amended Resolution 60/2020/R/com, 
extending until 17 May – for domestic electricity customers only and for domestic gas 
customers with consumption not exceeding 200,000 cubic metres/year – the measures with 
which it had established the blocking of the suspension of electricity, gas and water supplies. 
On the same date, with resolution 149/2020/R/COM the Authority took action by amending 
resolution 116/2020/R/COM, extending until 1 June the period of suspension of protection 
against user defaults with regard to transport invoices, if at least 70% of total turnover has been 
paid for low voltage withdrawal points. The same suspension period was established for gas 
users as long as they have paid at least 80% of the invoiced amount. Moreover, the measure 
states that interest shall not apply in the case of late payment for the period subject to 
suspension. 
With Resolution 177/2020/R/eel, the Authority: 
• deferred to 15 June the deadline for the publication of the detailed plans of the mass 
phase of second half of 2020 and to 15 December 2020 for the first half of 2021; and  
• set 15 September 2020 as the deadline for the request for admission to the recognition 
of investments for 2G smart metering installation plans to be launched in 2021. 
Resolution 213/2020/R/com also provides for a series of temporary exceptions for the year 
2020 with respect to the installation plans for 2G smart metering systems in view of the 
epidemiological emergency and its impact on the replacement of meters. 
On 19 May 2020, the Italian Relaunch Decree Law was published and came into force on that 
same day. The law included measures affecting the following areas: 
• charges for electricity bills for non-domestic low voltage customers with power greater 
than 3 Kw, providing for the reduction of the expenditure related to the electricity 
portion by applying only a reduced fixed amount for the months of May, June and July 
2020; and 
• electricity distribution tariffs and metering and general system charges, providing for 
the transitional redetermination of those tariffs to be applied between 1 May and 31 
July 2020. 
In implementation of the Relaunch Law Decree, Resolution 190/20/R/eel was published on the 
reduction of tariffs for low voltage nondomestic users. With this document, the Authority 
established that: 
• for the months of May, June and July only, the reduction of the metered distribution 
tariffs and general charges (ASOS and the ARIM (i.e. the remaining overhead charges, 
rimanenti oneri generali, “ARIM”) components) for other LV users; 
• if bills have already been issued for May, any adjustments due pursuant to the 
resolution must be made within the second subsequent bill; and 
• for each month of the period of reference, specific LV users are granted a refund if the 
maximum power withdrawn in the month does not exceed 2.0 kW. This refund is 
granted by the distribution companies to the sales companies by 30 September 2020 
and by the latter to customers by 30 November 2020.

--- Page 260 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 256 - 
47-41059079 
 
Subsequently, with Resolution 192/2020/R/COM the Authority further extended the urgent 
measures on the provision of electricity transport and natural gas distribution services by 
amending and updating Resolution 116/2020/R/com, in turn extended and updated with 
149/2020/R/com. Specifically: 
• with regard to electricity transmission bills due in June 2020 and gas distribution bills 
due after 1 June and until 30 June, the payment threshold for which the suspension of 
default procedures by distributors is envisaged was raised: for the electricity sector, 
(from 70%) to at least 90% of the LV points billed, and for the gas sector (from 80%) 
to at least 90% of the amount billed for gas; 
• adjusted the amounts that the distribution companies in turn pay to the system to the 
new thresholds; and 
• the provisions on ratings and regularity of payments were extended until 30 June. 
With subsequent Resolution 248/2020/R/com which followed DCO 193/2020/R/com, the 
Authority made provisions for the final payment of any amounts only partially paid as a result 
of Resolution 116/2020/R/com as amended. In particular, the Authority ordered the seller to 
settle the payments partially made for the transport invoices due in April, May and June in a 
single payment by September 2020, or in three monthly interest-free instalments due from 
September. In that same resolution, the Authority did not confirm the proposal to anticipate 
the previous general system charges mechanism in favour of the sellers because the positions 
of the various operators were too divergent during consultations and therefore it decided to 
resume the work of the operational forum established at the beginning of 2020 in a more 
expeditious manner. Finally, with regard to the guarantees of the credit rating, the Authority 
ordered that the rating of the user (or the parent company) continue for a further 12 months 
from the downgrade if the rating – downgraded as a result of the health emergency – is at least 
BB+ or equivalent. 
Following the “D.L. Sostegni Bis”, the Authority, with Resolutions 278/2021/R/com and 
396/2021/R/com, reformulated the metered distribution tariffs and general charges (ASOS and 
ARIM) for other LV users until December 2021. 
During 2022, the Authority reformulated again the metered distribution tariffs and general 
charges 
(ASOS 
and 
ARIM) 
with 
resolutions 
35/2022/R/eel, 
141/2022/R/com, 
295/2022/R/com and resolution 462/2022/R/com for other LV users until December 2022.  
Measures to limit bill price increases 
The “Bills Decree” was issued with the aim to limit the effects of the increased price of raw 
gas and electricity during the last quarter of 2021. In particular, it provided for: 
• the reduction of the VAT rate in the natural gas sector to 5 per cent for the supply of 
methane gas for civil and industrial combustion use, applicable to invoices issued for 
estimated or actual consumption for the months of October, November and December 
2021; and 
• as for the electricity sector, the reduction of the general system charges for all electricity 
users for the fourth quarter of 2021. In particular, it cancelled the general charges for 
LV domestic and non-domestic users with power available up to 16.5 kW.  
The Authority subsequently published Resolution 396/2021/R/com, which implemented the 
provisions of the Bills Decree. In relation to electricity billing in the last quarter of 2021, the

--- Page 261 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 257 - 
47-41059079 
 
Authority cancelled the rates of the ASOS and ARIM tariff components for all domestic users 
and other LV users with power available up to 16.5 kW. In the natural gas sector, the measure 
cancelled the rates of the RE, RET, GS and GST tariff components for October, November 
and December 2021. 
Resolution 396/2021/R/com also introduced an additional social bonus for the billing period 
from 1 October to 31 December 2021 and provided for an increase, for 2021, of the deductibles 
within which penalties for delays in the commissioning forecasts are not activated. However, 
these penalties were not completely suspended, as happened in 2020 (the deductible goes from 
95% to 90% for companies that started the PMS2 in the years prior to 2021). 
Law no. 234/2021 (the “2022 Budget Law”) established that domestic customers, in the event 
of non-fulfillment of bills, can ask for a payment delay up to 10 months, without any interests. 
Moreover, Decree Law no. 21/2022 established that companies based in Italy, final customers 
of electricity and natural gas, can ask for a payment delay related to energy consumption in 
May 2022 and June 2022 up to a maximum of 24 monthly payment. 
The measures aimed at limiting the increase in gas and electricity prices were confirmed 
throughout 2022 and in the first quarter of 2023. With the sharp drop in the wholesale prices 
of energy products, in the second quarter of 2023 Italian Government has reactivated the 
general system charges for all electricity customers while confirming all the other interventions. 
Economic offsetting of arrears owing to fraudulent withdrawals 
With Resolution 568/2018/R/eel the Authority initiated a process to modify the mechanism in 
question in order to better incentivise the collection of receivables and to better manage some 
timing, and therefore suspended the regulation governing the collections mechanism for all 
arrears deriving from fraudulent withdrawals (16-bis of the TIV). 
Following DCO 49/2019, with subsequent resolution 119/2019/R/eel the Authority reinstated 
the rule governing the mechanism, introducing new provisions. 
Among the primary developments, with regard to sales: 
• the introduction of a reduction in the amounts compensated through the mechanism if 
bills containing fraudulent withdrawals are issued more than 45 days (90 days for 
applications submitted in 2019 on issued in 2016 and in 2020 on issued in 2017) from 
the date of receipt of the measurement data reconstructed by the distributing company 
(-10% for each month of delay, up to a maximum of -50%); 
• the obligation to issue a separate bill in almost full compliance with the provisions of 
Bill 2.0 regarding the availability of details and methods of issue. 
With the same measure, the Authority therefore specified the timing related to the application 
to be submitted in 2019 (by September 30, 2019) and regulated the case of fraudulent 
withdrawals in the absence of a contract, stating that: 
• within 3 working days prior to the provision of fraudulent consumption data, the 
distributor transmits to the IIS the update flow of the OCR for activation following 
fraudulent withdrawals that contains the identification data of the person to whom 
fraudulent withdrawals are billed (for this flow, which will come into force from 1 
October 2019, the IIS operator has adapted the technical specifications of the OCR 
update "on condition");

--- Page 262 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 258 - 
47-41059079 
 
• within one working day from the transmission referred to in the previous point, the IIS 
will provide the main utility provider with this flow. 
Finally, the Authority postponed to a subsequent provision the adoption of measures to 
improve the efficiency of the management of fraudulent withdrawals by distribution companies 
and the regulation relating to the disconnection of withdrawal points subject to fraudulent 
withdrawals. 
With Resolution 240/2020/R/eel, in implementation of the provisions of the regional 
administrative court, the Authority amended the mechanism to include only bills issued from 
April 2019. 
Network Code 
The Authority with Resolution 261/2020/R/eel amended the standard Network Code of the 
transport service starting from January 2021. In particular it provided for: 
• the reduction of the contractual termination times providing for the elimination of 
sending of the payment reminder by the distributor; a reduction in the times for sending 
the notice from 7 to 4 working days; a reduction of the guarantees from the estimate of 
3 to 2 months of providing the service; a reduction of the maximum amount covered 
by the guarantees (from the estimate of 5 to 4 months of providing the service); 
• actions on the adjustment of the guarantees. For example, in the context of the quarterly 
checks, the checking threshold for the periodic adjustment of the amount to be 
guaranteed (“GAR amount”) is diversified on the basis of the GAR amount already 
released; in the case of significant upward adjustment of the exposure, the user that has 
given a guarantee through the rating must issue a guarantee of a traditional type to cover 
the portion related the new PODs; 
• insurance sureties are permitted only if issued by an insurance institution accredited to 
operate in Italy that holds a certain credit rating judgement. 
The Authority with the same resolution clarified also that regularity in payments must be 
checked with exclusive reference to the cycle and rectification invoices, that is only invoices 
with an already standardised trace. In addition, it clarified that distributor companies for 
checking the regularity must not take into account payment of invoices for which the average 
days of delay in the payment is less than 4,5 days. 
The Authority published Resolution 490/2020/R/eel following the requests for clarifications 
that it received in relation to the methods of applying Resolution 261/2020/R/eel. In particular 
with Resolution 490/2020/R/eel the Authority intervened in relation to the case of non-
payment of invoices by a User that gives as guarantee the rating judgement and at the same 
time also a so-called “traditional” guarantee for the GAR amount limited to new PODs 
(“GARnewPOD amount”). In this case, after the notice to perform has been sent by the 
distributor company, if the user does not make the said payment within the deadlines 
established by the Code, the distributor proceeds to enforcement of the guarantee and to the 
request at the same time of reintegration with a so-called “traditional” guarantee for the entire 
amount to be guaranteed, that is, in practice, the rating guarantee expires and a reintegration 
corresponding to a maximum of 4 months (GAR+ GARmag (i.e. increased GAR Amount)) is 
made.

--- Page 263 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 259 - 
47-41059079 
 
If the traditional guarantee is insufficient with respect to the user’s debt exposure, the 
distributor company, as well as enforcing the guarantee, terminates the transport contract. 
With Resolution 583/2020/R/eel the Authority intervened to amend the previous Resolution 
490/2020/R/eel. In particular if the traditional guarantee is insufficient with respect to the users 
debt exposure, the distributor company proceeds, at the same time as the enforcement, no 
longer to the immediate termination of the transport contract, but to a request for reintegration 
of the guarantee, to be made within the next 7 working days, and to a new notice to pay the 
amounts of the invoice due within the next 7 working days, after which, if the guarantee is not 
restored and at the same time the amounts due are not paid in full, the transport contract must 
be understood as terminated. 
Subsequently, the Authority published Resolution 81/2021/R/com, further amending the 
previous provisions (Resolution 116/2020/R/COM, Resolution 248/2020/R/COM, Resolution 
261/2020/R/EEL and Resolution 490/2020/R/EEL) relating to the general transport conditions 
of the guarantees to be submitted to distributors. More specifically, this resolution introduced: 
• an extension of the derogation recognised for the admissible credit rating in the event 
of a downgrade due to the COVID-19 health emergency, applicable for additional 12 
months from confirmation of the rating; and 
• an extension of the admissible insurance sureties to the ones issued by institutions 
controlled by companies with the required rating, pursuant to Art. 2359, paragraphs 1 
and 2 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Continuity of the service 
With the Integrated text on output-based regulation in force from 1 January 2020, the Authority 
introduced the possibility for the DSOs to present regulatory experiments to improve the 
service quality in particularly critical contexts. A specific feature of these experiments is the 
suspension of the penalties for the experimental period and their non-retroactive application if 
the target levels for the indicators of number and duration of interruptions without notice, set 
by the current regulations, are achieved. 
In this context, ARETI presented its proposal, outlining a process for improving the technical 
quality indicators different from that defined by the ordinary regulation. This proposal was 
approved by the Authority with Determination 20/2020 of this past 20 November. 
Very briefly, the measure postpones to 2024 the calculation of the bonuses and penalties for 
the entire four-year period 2020-2023 and provides for the activation of an additional bonus 
mechanism if the target proposed for 2023 is achieved and the effective annual levels achieved 
are better than those proposed in the experimentation. Two specifications: 
• the total bonus obtained cannot be more than that achievable in the ordinary regulation; 
and 
• in the event of non-achievement of the improvement commitment indicated, ARETI 
must pay any penalties that it would have incurred in the four-year period, in the 
absence of an extension. 
As regards the 2019 accrual, the national service continuity results were made known with 
Resolution 462/2020/R/eel; these confirmed for ARETI a penalty of Euro 5.4 million. 
Resilience Plan

--- Page 264 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 260 - 
47-41059079 
 
With Resolution 500/2020/R/eel the 2020-2022 resilience plan sent by Areti on 30 June 2020, 
including the final results of the actions completed in 2019, was approved: for actions already 
previously included in the 2019-2021 plan and not yet completed the completion dates were 
confirmed, without taking into consideration the delaying effects associated with the 
emergency situation in progress. 
In addition, Resolution 563/2020/R/eel awarded to the Company the bonus of approximately 
Euro 3.1 Mln with reference to the actions completed in 2019. 
With Resolution 536/2021, the Authority established which interventions to increase 
distribution network resilience, related to the 2021-2023 resilience plan, qualify for bonuses 
and/or penalties. Also, Resolution 537/2021/R/EEL determined the bonuses and penalties 
relating to the electricity distribution network resilience increase interventions concluded in 
2020. 
Energy efficiency certificates and tariff contribution awarded to distributors 
On 14 July 2020, Resolution 270/2020/R/efr was published; this contained the new rules for 
defining the tariff contribution to cover the costs incurred by DSOs with regard to obligations 
arising from the mechanism of energy efficiency certificates. The measure confirms the value 
of the cap on the tariff contribution of Euro 250/TEE and introduces, starting from the current 
obligation year, a consideration additional to this contribution, to be awarded to each 
distributor for each TEE used to comply with its obligations. On the one hand, ARERA repeats 
that it considers the cap an instrument necessary to limit the changes in market prices, on the 
other, it considers opportune to provide for an additional consideration in support of 
distributors in the light of the economic losses that they are forced to incur owing to the scarcity 
of TEEs available. On 13 October 2020 the Company presented an appeal for cancellation of 
the resolution. 
The resolution, in addition, introduced the possibility of requesting from CSEA the 
extraordinary consideration in advance of 18% of the specific target for the 2019 obligation 
year, in order to finance distributors which having already acquired TEEs at the beginning of 
the period, then suffered the negative effects of the extensions of the end date of the obligation 
year laid down in the Italian Relaunch Decree Law (30 November 2020). ARETI presented an 
application on 31 August 2020. 
In December 2020, Resolution 550/2020/R/efr confirmed the value of Euro 250/TEE for the 
tariff contribution awarded for the 2019 obligation year and fixed at Euro 4.49/TEE the value 
of the additional consideration. 
On 31 May 2021, the Decree of the Ministry for the Ecological Transition containing the 
“Determination of national energy saving. Targets that could be pursued by electricity and gas 
distribution companies for 2021-2024 (so-called white certificates)” extended the expiry of the 
2020 obligation year to 16 July 2021. The Authority subsequently published Determination 
6/2021-DMRT, whereby it determined the primary energy saving obligations for electricity 
and natural gas distributors for the 2020 obligation year. 
On 3 August 2021, the Authority issued Resolution 358/2021/R/efr, with which it confirmed 
the cap at Euro 250/TEE and the additional unit fee at Euro 10/TEE. In light of the extension 
of the deadline for the 2020 obligation year to 16 July 2021 and the regulatory uncertainty still 
existing in the run up to this deadline, the Authority published Resolution 547/2021/R/efr, in 
which it confirmed its intentions stated in DCO 359/2021/R/efr. In particular, the Authority 
established that electricity and natural gas distributors will be granted an exceptional additional

--- Page 265 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 261 - 
47-41059079 
 
component of Euro 7.26/TEE for each certificate delivered at the end of the 2020 obligation 
year, applicable to their own specific target for that obligation year and to any remaining 
portions of the targets for the 2018 and 2019 obligation years, but not beyond the threshold of 
their own updated specific target. The exceptional component was envisaged to cover the extra 
costs incurred by operators for the difficulties in procuring the TEE needed for the upcoming 
target deadlines. 
Electric mobility 
With Resolution 541/2020/R/eel the Authority launched national experimentation destined for 
LV customers, aimed at facilitating the installation of e-car rechargers in private areas. 
Acceptance is voluntary and free and access is subordinated to observance of a number of 
conditions: 
• the customer must be at LV with contractually committed power of not more than 4.5 
kW and not less than 2 kW; 
• the POD must be fitted with a 1G o 2G remotely-managed meter. In this second case, 
any multi-hour bands set by the vendor must enable identification of the withdrawals 
made in night, weekend and holiday bands; 
• a recharging device must be electrically connected to the meter; this device must at 
least be capable of: 
o measuring and recording the active recharging power and transmitting this 
figure to an external subject (e.g. an aggregator); and 
o reducing/increasing or reinstating the maximum recharging power. 
• customers must give their consent to checks and controls also in their homes and are 
required to communicate promptly any change to the system or contract that occurs 
during the experimentation. 
The application of the experimentation runs from 1 July 2020 and lasts until 31 December 
2023. 
Resolution 352/2021/R/eel launched a trial of the most appropriate regulatory solutions for 
the procurement of local ancillary services provided by distribution operators, for the 
associated remuneration. The trial takes into account the definitions and general principles 
already found in the European regulatory framework.

--- Page 266 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 262 - 
47-41059079 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Italian, US and EU tax considerations relating 
to the Notes. They apply to a holder of Notes only if such holder purchases its Notes under this 
Programme. It is a general summary related to certain categories of investors in the Notes and 
it does not cover other matters and all categories of investors in the Notes and it does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in 
those countries or elsewhere. It does not discuss every aspect of taxation that may be relevant 
to a holder of Notes if such holder is subject to special circumstances or if such holder is 
subject to special treatment under applicable law. Furthermore, it does not cover the tax 
regime of notes similar to shares. This summary assumes that the Issuer is resident only in 
Italy for tax purposes (without a permanent establishment abroad) and that the Issuer is a 
company listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and is organised (and its business will be 
conducted) as outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer’s tax residence, 
organisational structure or in the manner in which the Issuer conducts its business may 
invalidate this summary. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments 
of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such 
actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date which changes could be made 
on a retroactive basis. The issuer will not update this summary to reflect changes in laws and 
if any such changes occur the information in this summary could become invalid. 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended (“Decree 239”) 
provides for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and 
other income (including the difference between repayment amount and the issue price) from 
certain securities falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), issued, inter alia, (i) by public entities transformed in 
limited companies, pursuant to specific law provisions and (ii) by company listed in a regulated 
market. 
Decree 239 applies, inter alia, provided that: 
(i) 
interest, premium and other income relating to securities are not entirely linked to the 
economic performance of the issuer or of other companies belonging to the same group 
or of the business in relation to which the securities have been issued; 
(ii) 
bonds and debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and 
which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or of 
control of) to management of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they have 
been issued.

--- Page 267 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 263 - 
47-41059079 
 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Italian resident Noteholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the relevant Notes are connected; (b) a non commercial partnership; (c) a non 
commercial private or public institution; or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate 
income taxation (unless the Noteholders under (a), (b), or (c) opted for the application of the 
“risparmio gestito” regime — see under “Capital gains tax”, below), interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes, paid, are subject to a substitute tax, referred to as imposta 
sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that Noteholders described under (a) 
and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the 
imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and may be deducted from the taxation on 
income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements from time to time applicable set 
forth under Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including 
commercial trusts) or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the 
Notes are effectively connected and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, 
but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject 
to general Italian corporate income taxation (“IRES”) and, in certain circumstances, depending 
on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted 
into law with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), as clarified 
by the Italian Revenue Agency (Agenzia delle Entrate) through Circular No. 47/E of 8 August 
2003 and Circular No. 11/E of 28 March 2012, payments of interest, premiums or other 
proceeds in respect of the notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established 
pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian Real Estate 
SICAFs (“Real Estate SICAFs”) (“Società di investimento a capitale fisso”) are subject 
neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate 
investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund or a 
SICAF (“Società d’investimento a capital fisso”) or a SICAV (“Società di investimento a 
capitale variabile”) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) 
their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the “Italian Fund”), and 
the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income 
accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the management results of the Italian Fund. The Italian Fund will not be 
subject to taxation on such results. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited 
with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and 
accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be

--- Page 268 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 264 - 
47-41059079 
 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject 
to a 20 per cent. substitute tax.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 
20 per cent. substitutive tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements from time to time applicable set 
forth under Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies, 
SGRs, stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Italian Ministry of Economy 
and Finance ("MEF") (each an “Intermediary”) as subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary must (a) be (i) resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a non Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or a company not resident in 
Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected 
with the Department of Revenue of the MEF having appointed an Italian representative for the 
purposes of Decree 239; and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the 
transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer 
of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary 
with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any entity paying interest to a Noteholder. 
Non Italian tax resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non Italian tax resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided 
that the non Italian tax resident beneficial owner is either 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy; or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State; or 
(d) 
an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer 
in its own country of establishment. 
The countries which allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy are listed in 
the Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented by Ministerial Decree 
dated 23 March 2017. Pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 the list will be updated every 
six months (the "White List"). Pursu   ant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial Decree of 4 September 
1996, the MEF retains the right to test the actual compliance of each country included in the 
list with the exchange of information obligation and, in case of reiterated violations, to remove 
from the list the uncooperative countries.

--- Page 269 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 265 - 
47-41059079 
 
In order to ensure gross payment, certain procedural requirements must be satisfied. In brief, 
non resident investors must be the beneficial owners of payments of interest, premium or other 
income and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a bank or a SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non resident bank or SIM or with a non resident operator of a 
clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 a resident 
bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy or a non resident bank or SIM which are in 
contact via computer with the MEF and (b) timely file with the relevant depositary a statement 
of the relevant Noteholder, to be provided only once, until revoked or withdrawn, in which the 
Noteholder declares to be eligible to (and requires) benefit from the applicable exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities 
set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in 
the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign 
State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree 12 December 2001. 
In any case specific procedures shall have to be verified on a case by case basis. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to interest, premium or 
other income paid to Noteholders who do not qualify for the exemption. 
Noteholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or 
partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant Noteholder. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree 239, where the Issuer issues a new tranche 
forming part of a single series with the first tranche (fungible issue), for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest and other proceeds subject to imposta sostitutiva (if any), 
the issue price of the new tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the first 
tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue 
date of the first tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new tranche and 
that of the first tranche does not exceed 1% of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by 
the number of years of the duration of the Notes.  
Atypical Securities 
Any proceeds relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni), debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or 
securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986 may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, 
(c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership 
or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional 
withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from Italian withholding tax on proceeds received under Notes 
classifying as atypical securities, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time 
to time applicable as set forth under Italian law.

--- Page 270 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 266 - 
47-41059079 
 
 In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non Italian resident, the withholding tax 
is a final withholding tax. For non Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may 
be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes if realised (i) by an 
Italian company or (ii) a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent 
establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or (iii) Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, would be 
treated as part of the taxable income subject to IRES  and, in certain cases, depending on the 
status of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not holding the Notes in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity; (ii) a non commercial partnership; (iii) a non commercial 
private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or 
redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate 
of 26 per cent. pursuant to the provisions set forth by the Legislative Decree of the 21 
November 1997, No. 461 (“Decree 461”).  
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any interest on the Notes accrued and 
unpaid up to the time of, respectively, the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted 
both from the purchase price and the sale price. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) just above, 
under certain conditions, may opt for one of the three regimes described below. 
(a) Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime 
for the relevant Noteholders, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, 
on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised 
by the relevant Noteholders pursuant to all sales or transfer or redemptions of the Notes 
carried out during any given tax year. Relevant Noteholders must indicate the overall 
capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual 
tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income 
tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward 
against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
(b) As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, relevant Noteholders may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the 
relevant Notes (the “risparmio amministrato” regime). Such separate taxation of capital 
gains is allowed subject to (i) Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries); and (ii) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being 
timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for 
accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or 
transfer or redemption of Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
where a sale or transfer or redemption of Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be 
deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities

--- Page 271 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 267 - 
47-41059079 
 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
in its annual tax return.  
(c) Any capital gains realised by relevant Noteholders who have entrusted the management 
of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the so called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included in the computation of the 
annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, 
subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. 
Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at 
year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from Italian 
capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements from time to time applicable set 
forth under Italian law. According to article 1(221-226) of Finance Act 2020 (Law No. 178 of 
30 December 2020), under some conditions, capital losses realised upon sale or redemption of 
the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets specific requirements, give rise to a tax credit amounting to the lower of 
the capital losses and: (i) the 20% of the amount invested in the long-term saving accounts 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) for investments made by 2021; and (ii) the 10% of the 
amount invested in the long-term saving accounts (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) for 
investments made by 2022.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian Fund will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will 
not be taxed with the Italian Fund.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will 
be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be 
subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 
20 per cent. substitutive tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements from time to time applicable set 
forth under Italian law.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident real estate fund and the Real Estate SICAFs to 
which the provisions of Decree 351, as subsequently amended, apply will be subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate fund or Real Estate 
SICAFs. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders (without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected) from the sale, early redemption or 
redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, 
provided that the Notes are traded on regulated markets and regardless of whether the Notes 
are held in Italy.

--- Page 272 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 268 - 
47-41059079 
 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders (without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected) from the sale, early redemption or 
redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer not traded on regulated markets may 
in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy if the Notes are held in Italy. However, a non Italian 
resident beneficial owner of Notes (without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected) is not subject to the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains 
realised upon sale, early redemption or redemption of the Notes provided that he/she/it: (a) is 
resident in a country included in the White; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a 
Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(d) is an institutional investor which is established in a country included in the White List, even 
if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of establishment. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident 
Noteholders from the sale or transfer or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer 
are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
In any event, non Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with 
Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of 
Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject 
to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or 
redemption of Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(e) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance 
or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(f) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives in law to the third degree, 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to 
the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
(g) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate 
of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets all the requirements from time to time set 
forth under Italian law – is exempt from inheritance tax. 
Transfer tax

--- Page 273 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 269 - 
47-41059079 
 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the following registration tax: (i) 
public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a lump sum of €200.00; 
(ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in case of use or voluntary registration or 
on the occurrence of the “enunciazione”. 
Stamp duty (bollo) 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the Tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 
October 1972, as amended from time to time (“Decree 642”), a proportional stamp duty applies 
on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries 
to their clients for the Notes deposited therewith and, in any case, once per year. As of 1 
January 2014, the stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and, for taxpayers different from 
individual, cannot exceed €14,000. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market 
value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of 
the Notes held. Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the 
Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a 
“client” (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, 
financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad (IVAFE) 
Pursuant to Article 19(18-23) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and 
supplemented, individuals, non- profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or 
similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the Notes outside the Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent. for each year. The wealth tax 
cannot exceed €14,000 per year for taxpayers other than individuals. In this case the above-
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does not 
apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no 
market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial 
assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent 
to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an 
amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Are excluded from the scope of the Wealth Tax the financial assets held abroad if administered 
by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the 
above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 
does apply. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law 
No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and 
certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under 
certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income 
tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed 
within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return) the amount of investments 
(including the Notes) directly or indirectly held abroad, regardless of the value of such assets

--- Page 274 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 270 - 
47-41059079 
 
(save for deposits or bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding a Euro 15,000 
threshold throughout the year, which per se do not require such disclosure). 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) 
Notes deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts 
entered into through the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon 
condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same 
intermediaries. 
European Directive on Administrative Cooperation 
Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as supplemented from time to time, has 
implemented the EU Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended, on administrative 
cooperation in the field of taxation (the "DAC"). 
The main purpose of the DAC is to extend the automatic exchange of information mechanism 
between Member States, in order to fight against cross border tax fraud and tax evasion. The 
new regime under DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving from 
the application of the DAC. 
The Directive on Administrative Cooperation (2014/107/EU) of December 9, 2014 (“DAC 2”) 
implemented the exchange of information based on the Common reporting Standard (“CRS”) 
within the EU. Under CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial 
institutions, and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial 
information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the 
basis of common due diligence, and reporting procedures. 
The EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 2018 (“DAC 6”) implemented the 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable 
cross-border arrangements. Under DAC 6 intermediaries which meet certain criteria and 
taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant Tax Authorities certain cross-border 
arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from 25 
June 2018 onwards.  
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving from 
the application of the Directive on Administrative Cooperation. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in 
Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
“participating Member States”). 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to 
certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt.

--- Page 275 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 271 - 
47-41059079 
 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established 
in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
“established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) 
by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
is the subject of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the 
timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are 
advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (“FATCA”) impose a 
new reporting regime and potentially a 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to certain 
payments to (i) any non U.S. financial institution (a “foreign financial institution”, or “FFI” 
(as defined by FATCA)) that does not become a “Participating FFI” by entering into an 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) to provide the IRS with certain 
information in respect of its account holders and investors or is not otherwise exempt from or 
in deemed compliance with FATCA and (ii) any investor (unless otherwise exempt from 
FATCA) that does not provide information sufficient to determine whether the investor is a 
U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a “United States Account” of the Issuer 
(a “Recalcitrant Holder”). The Issuer does not expect to be classified as an FFI that is subject 
to withholding under FATCA. 
The FATCA regime is now in effect and will apply to “foreign passthru payments” (a term 
not yet defined) no earlier than 1 January 2017. This withholding would potentially apply to 
payments in respect of (i) any Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or after the “grandfathering date”, which is the date that is six months after the date on which 
final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the 
Federal Register, or which are materially modified on or after the grandfathering date and (ii) 
any Notes characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax 
purposes, whenever issued. If Notes are issued before the grandfathering date, and additional 
Notes of the same series are issued on or after that date, the additional Notes may not be treated 
as grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the existing Notes, including a 
negative impact on market price. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have announced their intention to 
negotiate intergovernmental agreements to facilitate the implementation of FATCA (each, an 
“IGA”). Pursuant to FATCA and the “Model 1” and “Model 2” IGAs released by the United 
States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a “Reporting FI” not subject to 
withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, an FFI in a Model 1 IGA 
jurisdiction would not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law 
implementing an IGA) (any such withholding being “FATCA Withholding”) from payments 
it makes (unless it has agreed to do so under the U.S. “qualified intermediary,” “withholding 
foreign partnership,” or “withholding foreign trust” regimes). The Model 2 IGA leaves 
open the possibility that a Reporting FI might in the future be required to withhold as a

--- Page 276 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 272 - 
47-41059079 
 
Participating FFI on foreign passthru payments and payments that it makes to Recalcitrant 
Holders. Under each Model IGA, a Reporting FI would still be required to report certain 
information in respect of its account holders and investors to its home government or to the 
IRS. The United States and Italy have entered into an agreement (the “US Italy IGA”) based 
largely on the Model 1 IGA on 10 January 2014. Nevertheless the full impact of such an 
agreement on the Issuer and the Issuer’s reporting and withholding responsibilities under 
FATCA is – at this stage – not completely clear. 
While not expected, if the Issuer is treated as an FFI that is subject to withholding under 
FATCA, the Issuer would expect to be treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to the US Italy IGA 
and does not anticipate being obliged to deduct any FATCA Withholding on payments it 
makes. There can be no assurance, however, that the Issuer will be treated as a Reporting FI, 
or that it would in the future not be required to deduct FATCA Withholding from payments it 
makes. Accordingly, the Issuer and financial institutions through which payments on the Notes 
are made may be required to withhold FATCA Withholding if (i) any FFI through or to which 
payment on such Notes is made is not a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt 
from or in deemed compliance with FATCA or (ii) an investor is a Recalcitrant Holder. 
If an amount in respect of FATCA Withholding were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
principal or other payments made in respect of the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any paying 
agent nor any other person would, pursuant to the conditions of the Notes, be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected. 
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is expected that 
FATCA will not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by 
the Issuer, any paying agent, the depositary, common depositary or common safekeeper, given 
that each of the entities in the payment chain beginning with the Issuer and ending with the 
clearing systems is a major financial institution whose business is dependent on compliance 
with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under an IGA will be unlikely to 
affect the Notes. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Notes may 
go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing systems. If this 
were to happen, then a non FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA Withholding. 
However, definitive notes will only be printed in remote circumstances. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above 
description is based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which are 
subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form. 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS 
HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED 
OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED BY THE TAXPAYER FOR THE 
PURPOSE OF AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE 
IMPOSED ON THE TAXPAYER; (B) ANY SUCH TAX DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN 
TO SUPPORT THE PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR 
MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN; AND (C) THE TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER’S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN 
INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER.

--- Page 277 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 273 - 
47-41059079 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banca Akros S.p.A., 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A., Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco 
Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP PARIBAS, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs 
International, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca 
Di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Natixis, Société 
Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out 
in a Dealer Agreement dated 4 August 2023 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer 
and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer 
which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method 
of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to 
subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those 
Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that 
Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those 
Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of 
the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination 
of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. The 
Dealer Agreement provides that the obligations of the initial purchasers to subscribe for Notes 
are subject to certain conditions precedent, including (among other things) receipt of legal 
opinions from counsel. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, warrant, 
undertake and agree to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged 
from their obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer 
Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain 
conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of 
such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such Notes may not be completed. Investors will 
have no rights against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or 
loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 1/2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 278 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 274 - 
47-41059079 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer 
will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of

--- Page 279 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 275 - 
47-41059079 
 
the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of the UK MiFIR; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, 
that:  
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion : it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 280 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 276 - 
47-41059079 
 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes 
in the Republic of Italy or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable 
laws and regulation.  
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2, letter e), of the 
Prospectus Regulation, pursuant to Article 1(4), letter a), of the Prospectus Regulation 
and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, and any other applicable Italian laws 
and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (i) or (ii) 
above must be: 
(a) 
made by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial 
intermediaries) permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in 
accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
"Italian Banking Act"), Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to 
time) and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the relevant 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended 
from time to time), pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the 
issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and/or any other Italian authority. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in the Republic of France, and it has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms, any Drawdown Prospectus or 
any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have 
been and will be made in the Republic of France only to (a) providers of investment services

--- Page 281 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 277 - 
47-41059079 
 
relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le 
service d’investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés), all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, 
L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 2(e) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold 
and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, undertaken, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, undertake, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which 
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that

--- Page 282 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 278 - 
47-41059079 
 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired 
the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, 
that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.  
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as 
a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable 
laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any 
such supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a 
supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 283 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 279 - 
47-41059079 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purpose of EU MiFID II. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
as the Issuer(s) and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree or which are not admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
The CSSF may at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European 
Economic Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) an Attestation 
Certificate. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 10 March 2014. The 2023 update of the Programme were duly 
authorised on 16 December 2020. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance 
of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer - Litigation" starting on page 177 of this Base 
Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, 
or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or the Group nor since 30 June 2023 has there been any significant change in the 
financial performance or position of the Issuer and the Group. 
Auditors 
The 
Issuer’s 
independent 
auditors 
are 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
S.p.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of Accountancy 
Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali), held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance, in 
compliance with the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, No. 39. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., which is located at Piazza Tre Torri 2, 20145, Milan, Italy, is 
also a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing firms.  
The auditors' reports of PricewaterhouseCoopers on the consolidated financial statements as at 
and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and the half year

--- Page 284 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 280 - 
47-41059079 
 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023 are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Documents on Display 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents (together, where appropriate, with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg and certain documents, including this Base Prospectus, are available in soft 
copy 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en/investors/financial-
structure/emtn-programme: 
(a) 
the by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2022 and the half year consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023; 
(c) 
the most recent annual consolidated financial information of the Issuer published from 
time to time, commencing with its audited annual consolidated financial statements as 
at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the half year consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023; 
(d) 
this Base Prospectus; 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(g) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); and 
(h) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream of 
Notes in New Global Note form). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 2022, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and the other 
documents incorporated by reference herein, will be available on the websites set forth in 
"Information Incorporated by Reference". In addition, copies of the by-laws (Statuto) of the 
Issuer and the provisions for meetings of the noteholders will be available on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en). 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). 
Material Contracts 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer – Material Contracts" starting on page 184 in 
this Base Prospectus, and any supplement hereto, neither the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries 
has entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that

--- Page 285 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 281 - 
47-41059079 
 
have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations 
to Noteholders. 
Websites 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en. The information on 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Other than the 
information incorporated by reference, the content of the Issuer’s website has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to 
the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or 
the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price 
may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of 
the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if 
interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of 
the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as 
of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is 
not an indication of future yield. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and, commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for, or may have provided financing to, and/or other related transactions with the 
Issuer and its affiliates, and may in the future perform services for them, in each case in the 
ordinary course of business. Furthermore, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in 
the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own

--- Page 286 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 282 - 
47-41059079 
 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates or any entity related 
to the Notes. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject 
to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the 
Dealers and their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in the Issuer’s securities, including potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes offered hereby. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments.  
Furthermore, some of the Dealers, and their respective affiliates, have extended certain loans 
to the Issuer and the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes may be used by the Issuer to repay 
such loans in whole or in part (as further described in "Use of Proceeds"). In addition, the 
Dealers and their respective affiliates expect to receive customary fees and commissions for 
the issuance of the Notes offered hereby.  
In particular, certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have granted significant 
financing to Issuer and its parent and group companies and they are one of their main financial 
lenders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliates" also includes 
parent companies. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300Q3448N041CTH56. 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch Information  
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services 
with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational 
processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating model of BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg 
Branch may be provided upon request.

--- Page 287 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 283 - 
47-41059079 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ACEA S.p.A. 
Piazzale Ostiense, 2 
00154 Rome 
Italy 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
BNP PARIBAS 
16 Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Viale Eginardo, 29  
20149 Milano 
Italy 
 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
Piazza Salimbeni, 3 
53100 Siena 
Italy 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia - 1st Floor 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid, Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16 Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane  
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 288 ---
10261303971-v22 
- 284 - 
47-41059079 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Mediobanca – Banca Di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square  
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon,  
75013 Paris,  
France 
Société Générale  
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law and Italian 
tax law: 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law: 
Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP 
Corso G. Matteotti, 10 
Milan, 20121 
Italy 
 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg