--- Page 1 ---
10235791071-v24 
- i - 
47-41037952 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
ACEA S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purpose of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 
of 14 June 2017, as amended, (the "Prospectus Regulation") and relevant implementing measures in 
Luxembourg (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 16 July 2019, which 
implements the Prospectus Regulation (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law")). This Base Prospectus constitutes 
a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and has been prepared for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after 
the date hereof and will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval only 
relates to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II") for a period of 
twelve months from the date of approval, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies after the end 
of its 12-month validity period. The end of the validity of the Base Prospectus is 20 July 2023. Applications have 
been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
Official List and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Programme also 
permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with 
the Issuer. The CSSF assumes no responsibility with regard to the economic and financial soundness of any 
transaction under this Programme or the quality and solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
Acea S.p.A. (the "Issuer", "Acea" or "ACEA") may issue Notes under the Programme to one or more of the 
Dealers named on pages 9 and 10 and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time 
by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall be, in the case of an issue of 
Notes to more than one Dealer, to the lead manager of such issue and, in the case of an issue of Notes to one 
Dealer, to such Dealer. Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may issue Notes denominated in any currency 
agreed with the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions. The Notes will be issued 
in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the

--- Page 2 ---
10235791071-v24 
- ii - 
47-41037952 
 
equivalent amount in such currency). The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
herein). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned a rating of "Baa2" with a "stable outlook" by 
Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. ("Moody’s") and "BBB+" with a "stable outlook" by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited - Sede Secondaria Italiana ("Fitch"). Each of Moody’s and Fitch is established in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). Each of Moody’s and Fitch appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
website 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The rating Moody's has given to the Issuer 
is endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, which is established in the UK and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION – Interest and/or other amounts payable under floating rate notes will be 
calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (as defined below). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by 
the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). At the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is authorised 
as benchmark administrator, and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended) (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). 
Joint Arrangers 
 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
BNP PARIBAS 
UniCredit  
 
 
 
Dealers  
BofA Securities 
Barclays 
BBVA 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
MPS Capital Services 
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 July 2022

--- Page 3 ---
10235791071-v24 
- iii - 
47-41037952 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................... 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................ 9 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 16 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................... 46 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ..................................................... 49 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................... 50 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................... 56 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................... 92 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM ............................................................................................................................ 111 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................ 113 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER………………………………………………………….112 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER ................................... 183 
REGULATORY …………………………………………………………………………... 179 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................... 272 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................. 285 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 291

--- Page 4 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 1 - 
47-41037952 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms and declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best 
of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import.  
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific 
to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to 
such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown 
Prospectuses" below.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and 
with any information incorporated by reference herein (see "Information Incorporated by 
Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus 
to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this 
Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or 
intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material 
respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make 
such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper 
enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.  
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in 
relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information 
as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part 
of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base

--- Page 5 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 2 - 
47-41037952 
 
Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the issue, 
listing, offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, 
if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, there are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of 
the Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including, France and the 
Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom, Singapore and Japan. 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 
(as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. See "Subscription and Sale" below.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or

--- Page 6 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 3 - 
47-41037952 
 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK MiFIR"). Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 7 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 4 - 
47-41037952 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors: Each potential investor in the 
Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase 
complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments: The investment activities 
of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of the Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 5 - 
47-41037952 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE 
SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities 
and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a 
determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation 
to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 
309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one 
time under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes 
denominated in another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to 
issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as 
defined under "Subscription and Sale"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are 
references to a Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "Euro" or "€" are 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro, as amended. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may 
be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly 
and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
Websites 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites are included for information purposes only. The 
contents of any websites (except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus to the extent set out on any such website) referenced in this 
Base Prospectus do not constitute a part of or are incorporated into this Base Prospectus and 
have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described on the 
cover page of this Base Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a

--- Page 9 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 6 - 
47-41037952 
 
Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and such rating 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and which 
is not certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK and not registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK and such rating is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK and which is not certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation.  
Third Party Information 
In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although 
the Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently 
verified the information provided by such sources. 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In order to better evaluate Acea’s financial information incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus, management has identified several Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"). 
Management believes that these APMs provide additional useful information for investors to 
analyse the Acea Group’s financial position, financial performance and cash flows, because 
they may further facilitate the identification of significant operating trends and financial 
parameters. 
On 5 October 2015, ESMA (the European Securities and Markets Authority) published its 
guidelines (ESMA/2015/1415) on criteria for the presentation of alternative performance 
indicators (the "ESMA APM Guidelines") which replace, as of 3 July 2016, CESR/05-178b 
recommendations. This orientation was acknowledged in the Italian system in CONSOB 
Communication No. 0092543 dated 3 December 2015. 
In addition, on 4 March 2021 ESMA published the guidelines on the disclosure requirements 
deriving from the new Prospectus Regulation (Regulation EU 2017/1129 and Delegated 
Regulations EU 2019/980 and 2019/979), which update the previous CESR Recommendations 
(ESMA/2013/319, in the revised version of 20 March 2013). Starting from 5 May 2021, on the 
basis of CONSOB Call for Attention No. 5/21, the aforementioned ESMA Guidelines also 
replace the CESR Recommendation on debt. Therefore, under the new provisions, listed issuers

--- Page 10 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 7 - 
47-41037952 
 
will have to present, in the explanatory notes to their annual and semi-annual financial 
statements published from 5 May 2021 onwards, a new statement on debt to be drafted in 
accordance with the instructions in paragraphs 175 and following of the above ESMA 
Guidelines. 
In particular, the following APMs (as defined in the ESMA APM Guidelines) are used by the 
management of the Issuer to monitor the Acea Group’s financial and operating performance 
and are disclosed in this Base Prospectus in the sections "Risk Factors", "Description of the 
Issuer" and in the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, and the Q1 2022 Interim Report (all of which are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus): 
• for the Acea Group, the EBITDA is an operating performance indicator. EBITDA is 
determined by adding Operating profit/loss (EBIT) to (i) depreciation, amortisation and 
provisions, and (ii) net write-downs (write-backs) of trade receivables; 
• Financial debt is represented and determined in accordance with the aforementioned 
ESMA guidelines and in particular paragraph 127 of the recommendations of document 
No. 319 of 2013, implementing Regulation (EC) 809/2004. This indicator is determined 
as the sum of short-term borrowings (“Short-term loans”, “Current part of long-term 
loans” and “Current financial liabilities”) and long-term borrowings (“Long-term 
loans”) and the related derivative instruments (“Non-current financial liabilities”), net 
of “Cash and cash equivalents” and “Current financial assets”; 
• The net financial position is an indicator of the Acea Group’s financial structure 
determined in continuation with previous years and used, as from this document, 
exclusively for information presented in the business areas in order to provide clear 
segment information that can be easily reconciled with the financial debt (ESMA) 
referred to above. This indicator is defined as the sum of (i) Non-current borrowings 
and Financial liabilities  net of Noncurrent financial assets (financial receivables and 
securities other than equity investments), and (ii) Current financial payables and Other 
current financial liabilities net of Current financial assets  and cash and cash equivalents;  
• net invested capital is the sum of "Current assets", "Non-current assets" and "Assets 
and Liabilities held for sale", less "Current liabilities" and "Non-current liabilities", 
excluding items taken into account when calculating the net financial position;  
• net working capital is the sum of the current receivables, inventories, the net balance of 
other current assets and liabilities and current debts, excluding the items considered in 
calculating the net financial position. 
It should be noted that: 
i. 
the APMs are based exclusively on historical Acea data and are not indicative of future 
performance; 
ii. 
the APMs are not prepared in accordance with IFRS and are not subject to audit; they 
are derived from the historical financial information of Acea for the relevant periods 
presented; 
iii. 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measures of 
financial position, financial performance or liquidity under IFRS, and they should not

--- Page 11 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 8 - 
47-41037952 
 
be considered as substitutes to performance measures prepared in accordance with IFRS 
or any other generally accepted accounting principles; and 
iv. 
the APMs should be read together with the financial statements of Acea for the relevant 
periods to which the APMs relate. 
Since not all companies calculate APMs in an identical manner, the APMs used by Acea may 
not be consistent or comparable with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, 
undue reliance should not be placed on these measures. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of 
the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 12 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 9 - 
47-41037952 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may 
agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if 
appropriate, or a drawdown prospectus or a new base prospectus will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25 of Commission Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended.  
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Issuer: 
Acea S.p.A. 
Issuer’s Legal Entity 
Identifier: 
549300Q3448N041CTH56 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" below. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk 
Factors" and include certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Joint Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs International 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
Mediobanca – Banca Di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc

--- Page 13 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 10 - 
47-41037952 
 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements as from time 
to time in force (see "Subscription and Sale"), including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either 
(a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them 
in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances 
which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by the Issuer. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions, 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time

--- Page 14 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 11 - 
47-41037952 
 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form, as described in "Form 
of the Notes" below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on such basis as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating  
(i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; or  
(ii) the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto),  
as specified in the relevant final terms, each as 
published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on such basis as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined below) occurs in relation to 
the reference rate of the Floating Rate Notes, pursuant to 
condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement), the Issuer shall use 
all reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser,

--- Page 15 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 12 - 
47-41037952 
 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Reference Rate or, failing that, an Alternative Reference Rate. 
If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an 
Alternative Reference Rate prior to the relevant cut-off date, 
the Issuer, taking into account any relevant and applicable 
market precedents and published guidance, may determine an 
Alternative Reference Rate, all as described in condition 7(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement).  
Fixed to Floating or  
Floating to Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
Interest may initially accrue at a fixed rate, and then switch to 
a floating rate, or interest may initially accrue at a floating rate 
and then switch to a fixed rate. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest, in each case 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons, upon a Change of 
Control or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders and/or at the option of the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Issuer, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices 
and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. The applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether the Issuer has a Clean-up Call Option. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Certain Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (see "Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above) and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). If the Final Terms so specify, Notes may be issued 
in denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
the Relevant Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 11

--- Page 16 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 13 - 
47-41037952 
 
(Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 11 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 5 (Negative 
Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision 
as further described in Condition 12(c) (Events of Default – 
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, general and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are 
both mandatory and of general application. 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the 
same as the ratings assigned to other Notes issued under the 
Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.  
 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described on the 
cover page of this Base Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is (1) 
issued by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and 
not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and such 
rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3)

--- Page 17 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 14 - 
47-41037952 
 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
and which is not certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK and not 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK and such rating 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
and which is not certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Approval, Admission to 
Trading and Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF. 
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Such 
approval only relates to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or other regulated markets for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms will 
state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
 
Pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
may at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent 
authority of another European Economic Area Member State 
and the ESMA (i) a copy of this Prospectus; and (ii) a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (an 
"Attestation Certificate"). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes will be governed by and shall 
be construed in accordance with English law. Condition 16 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Noteholders’ Representative; 
Modification and Waiver) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the 
appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative in respect of the 
Notes are subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic 
of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area

--- Page 18 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 15 - 
47-41037952 
 
(including France and the Republic of Italy), the United 
Kingdom, Singapore, Japan and such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D applicable/TEFRA 
not applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 16 - 
47-41037952 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these risk factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur. In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the risk factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued under the Programme may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein) 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision, based upon their own 
judgment and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed 
necessary. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read 
the entire Base Prospectus. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES  
Risks relating to the Group’s financial situation 
Risks related to Italian and global macroeconomics factors 
The performance of the Group is influenced by (i) Italian and international macroeconomic 
conditions, (ii) the condition of the financial markets in general, and (iii) the trends and the 
economic stability of the geographical areas in which the Group conducts its activities.  
Global and Italian macro-economic conditions have been, and continue to be, affected by a 
novel strain of COVID-19, which has spread to numerous countries throughout the globe since 
March 2020. Notwithstanding the vaccination efforts by national governments, the COVID-19 
pandemic has affected and continues to affect economic activity at global and regional levels. 
Both the outbreak and the government measures taken in response (including the closing of 
borders, travel restrictions and confinement measures) have had and are likely to continue to 
have a significant impact, both directly and indirectly, on economic activity and financial 
markets globally. The slowdown of economies (e.g. China, Italy, France, Spain, the United 
Kingdom, other European countries and the United States), as well as the reduction in global 
trade and commerce more generally, have had - and are likely to continue to have - negative 
effects on global economic conditions as global production, investments, supply chains and 
consumer spending are affected and further restrictions are implemented. 
A number of uncertainties remain in the current macroeconomic environment, namely: (a) the 
impact of COVID-19 on global growth and on individual countries; (b) the impact of the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine on the European and global economy (see “Risks associated with 
the Russian invasion of Ukraine” below); (c) whether growth trends and the prospects of 
recovery and consolidation of economies of countries like the US and China will be confirmed;

--- Page 20 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 17 - 
47-41037952 
 
(d) the ongoing commercial dispute between the US and China, which could have an effect on 
international trade and therefore on global production; (e) the effectiveness of the monetary 
policies of the European Central Bank and the Federal Reserve System in the Euro area and 
the US respectively, and their future developments and adverse future developments (in the 
Dollar area); (f) policies implemented by other countries aimed at promoting their currencies' 
competitive devaluations; (g) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and 
related recurring tensions on the financial markets; and (h) risks related to an increase in 
inflation.  
In addition, the global economy, the condition of the financial markets, any adverse 
macroeconomic developments in the Group’s primary markets and any future sovereign debt 
crisis in Europe may all significantly influence the Group’s performance. The Group’s earning 
capacity and stability can be affected by the overall economic situation and by the dynamics of 
the financial markets. 
All of these factors, in particular in times of economic and financial crisis, could result in (a) 
an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s borrowing costs; (b) a reduction of, or reduced 
growth in, the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s ordinary business, (c) the decline in the Issuer’s 
and/or the Group’s asset values, which (in combination or individually) could have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s business, financial position and cash flows, and the results of its 
operations, with a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the 
Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risks associated with the Russian invasion of Ukraine 
Following the launch of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022, the United 
States, the European Union and several other countries enacted sanctions and export controls 
against Russia, Belarus and certain Russian interests. In addition, at the beginning of March 
2022, the United Stated introduced a ban on oil and other energy imports from Russia, while 
the United Kingdom announced that it would phase out the import of Russian oil and oil 
products by the end of 2022. Such events have already had a significant impact on the European 
and global economy, including greater market volatility and significant increases in the prices 
of energy, natural gas and commodities. Although the Group does not have production 
activities in Russia, Ukraine or countries geopolitically aligned with Russia and has no direct 
relationships with Russian or Ukrainian companies, the effects on the energy markets following 
the Russian invasion of Ukraine have had, and may continue to have, direct and indirect effects 
on the Group’s operations and performance. See also “ – The changes to the overall economic 
situation caused by the economic crisis could have a significant adverse impact on the Group’s 
businesses and its profitability”.  
However, the invasion of Ukraine may result in additional negative consequences for the 
European and global economy, such as those deriving from further sanctions, export controls 
and embargoes, greater regional instability, geopolitical shifts and other adverse effects on 
macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, supply chains (including the supply of 
oil, natural gas and other commodities from Russia and Ukraine) and financial markets, all of 
which could, either directly or indirectly, have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. For example, the Group is exposed to risks 
associated with the reduction or halt of gas flows from Russia, which may impair the ability to 
reach the necessary storage quota in the Italian gas storage network ahead of the 2022-2023 
winter season; in such situation, the Italian Government may activate an emergency plan which

--- Page 21 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 18 - 
47-41037952 
 
set limits on national consumption of natural gas, resulting in a reduction of volumes of gas 
sold by the Group.  
The changes to the overall economic situation caused by the economic crisis could have a 
significant adverse impact on the Group’s businesses and its profitability  
The economy in Italy, the Group’s principal market, has been affected in recent years by a 
significant slowdown and also by significant increases in energy prices, resulting in an 
increased focus on energy saving, as well as an increased focus in terms of legislative and 
regulatory policies. More recently, in response to the adverse economic and market 
consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Italian government took (and announced it will 
implement) further measures to support the economy (such as loan guarantee schemes, tax 
payment deferrals, expanded unemployment coverage) and improve liquidity in the financial 
markets (such as funding facilities and increased asset purchases). No assurance can be given 
that such measures will suffice to offset the negative effects of the pandemic on the Italian 
economy. The economic environment may well deteriorate further before it begins to improve. 
Moreover, significant, unexpected and/or structural changes in the price of energy raw 
materials, such as those that have occurred and may continue to occur as a result of the recent 
Russo-Ukrainian war that began at the end of February 2022, or other geo-political tensions 
that may occur or worsen in the future, could reduce the Group’s revenues and limit future 
growth prospects. This could adversely affect the Group’s business, results of its operations 
and financial condition, with a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes 
and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their 
maturity. 
In addition, changes in retail electricity consumption could require the Group to acquire or sell 
additional electricity on unfavourable terms. Consumption may vary substantially according to 
factors outside of the Group’s control, such as overall economic activity and the weather. Sales 
volumes may differ from the supply volumes that the Group had expected to utilise from 
electricity purchase contracts. Differences between actual sales volumes and supply volumes 
may require the Group to purchase additional electricity or sell excess electricity, both of which 
are themselves subject to market conditions, which may change according to multiple factors, 
including weather, plant availability, transmission congestion and input fuel costs. The 
purchase of additional electricity at high prices or sale of excess electricity at low prices could 
adversely affect the Group's business, the results of its operations and its financial condition, 
with a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability 
to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risks related to national and international political instability 
The dynamics described in the previous paragraphs and the consequent effects on the Issuer’s 
activities are influenced by the international and Italian socioeconomic contexts and their 
respective impacts on the financial markets. 
Italy is the Issuer’s primary market and the Issuer's business is therefore sensitive to adverse 
macroeconomic and political conditions in Italy. 
Persistent market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of 
some euro member countries, including Italy. For example, weak economic conditions and 
prolonged instability (profoundly affected by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well

--- Page 22 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 19 - 
47-41037952 
 
as the recent Russo-Ukrainian war), increasing or stagnating unemployment and poor 
conditions in the capital markets in Italy could decrease consumer confidence and investment 
and may cause a reduction in demand for the Group's services. Any of the foregoing could have 
an adverse effect on the Group's business, the results of its operations and its financial 
condition.  
One of the elements creating economic uncertainty is the political situation in Italy. Several 
government crises, internal divisions and alliances between political parties led to the formation 
of the so-called “Draghi” government on 13 February 2021. The political developments in Italy 
have caused volatility in the value of Italian government securities and a corresponding 
volatility in the risk premium to be paid by the Italian government on its debt compared to that 
on other benchmark securities. As a result, the economic implications of the policies of the 
Italian government remain uncertain. 
The economic implications of the policies of the Italian government remain uncertain. Political 
instability, if material, could negatively affect the country’s economic recovery and could 
affect the ability of the Group to generate revenues. It cannot be ruled out that this could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, the results of its operations and its financial 
condition. 
Risks related to the structure of the Group 
The Issuer’s business is conducted through direct and indirect subsidiaries. All corporate and 
staff services are fully centralised at parent company level whereas sector-specific technical 
and commercial expertise is mainly held at the operating subsidiary level. Therefore, the Issuer 
has service contracts which are periodically updated and priced under the cost plus method 
with all its subsidiaries that formally set forth the intercompany relationships and also 
implement a cash-pooling system which enables the Group to optimise the use of surplus funds 
of all subsidiaries in the Group in order to reduce external debt and increase liquidity. 
Any reduction or delay in such payments could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
cash flow and financial position and the results of its operations, with a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the 
Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Issuer’s subsidiaries have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due 
under the Notes or to make funds available to the Issuer to enable it to pay any amounts due 
under the Notes. 
The Issuer’s subsidiaries have other liabilities, including contingent liabilities. Generally, 
creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding 
indebtedness and guarantees issued by the relevant subsidiary and preferred shareholders, if 
any, of the subsidiary, will be entitled to the assets of that subsidiary before any of those assets 
can be distributed to shareholders upon liquidation or winding up. As a result, the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes issued by it will be structurally subordinated to the prior payment 
of all debts and other liabilities of the Issuer’s direct and indirect subsidiaries. Therefore, the 
Issuer may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on the Notes and the 
Issuer may not have sufficient funds available to make payments to the holders of the Notes. 
The Group is subject to interest rate risk arising on its financial indebtedness

--- Page 23 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 20 - 
47-41037952 
 
The Group is subject to interest rate risk arising on its financial indebtedness, which varies 
depending on whether such indebtedness is fixed or floating rate. The Group manages its 
interest rate risk through the periodic analysis and control of positions based on its specific 
needs, in order to stabilise funding costs and cash flows and meet margin targets. Such interest 
rate risk management involves daily activity in the markets in order to hedge the relevant 
exposure in the medium/long term and is not for trading purposes. There can be no guarantee 
that the hedging policy adopted by the Group, which is designed to minimise any losses 
connected to fluctuations in interest rates in the case of floating rate indebtedness by 
transforming them into fixed rate indebtedness, will actually have the effect of reducing any 
such losses. To the extent it does not, this could adversely affect the Group’s business, the 
results of its operations and its financial condition, with a consequential adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or repay 
the Notes in full at their maturity. 
A downgrade of the Issuer’s credit ratings may impact its funding ability 
As of the date hereof, the Issuer’s long-term credit rating is Baa2 with a "stable outlook" from 
Moody’s and BBB+ with a "stable outlook" from Fitch. 
Moody’s and Fitch are established in the European Union and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, Fitch and Moody’s are included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website available (www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
The Issuer’s future ability to access the capital markets, other financing instruments and related 
costs may depend, inter alia, on the rating assigned to the Issuer. 
Accordingly, a downgrade of any of the ratings of the Issuer and/or a downgrade of the 
sovereign credit rating of Italy may result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Group 
in the capital markets, which in turn may have an adverse impact on the Group’s competitive 
position and may have an adverse effect on the Group’s standing in the market. This could 
adversely affect the Group’s business, the results of its operations and its financial condition, 
which in turn could have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the 
Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risks relating to the Group’s business activities and industry 
The Group is dependent on concessions from local authorities for its regulated activities  
For the financial year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s regulated activities (integrated 
water services, distribution of electricity and public lighting) accounted for approximately 85 
per cent. of the Group’s EBITDA.  
The regulated activities (integrated water services, distribution of electricity and public 
lighting) are dependent on concessions from local authorities that vary in duration across the 
Group’s business areas. 
In the case of expiry of a concession at its stated maturity date as well as in the case of early 
termination for any reason (including the failure by a concession holder to fulfil its material 
obligations under its concession), each concession holder must continue to operate the 
concession until it is replaced by the new incoming concession holder. Each concession is

--- Page 24 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 21 - 
47-41037952 
 
governed by agreements with the relevant grantor requiring the relevant concession holder to 
comply with certain obligations (including performing regular maintenance). Each concession 
holder is subject to penalties or sanctions for non-performance or default under the relevant 
concession. Failure by a concession holder to fulfil its material obligations under a concession 
could, if such failure is left not remedied, lead to early termination by the grantor of the 
concession. Furthermore, in accordance with general principles of Italian law, a concession can 
be terminated early for reasons of public interest. In either case, the relevant concession holder 
might be required to transfer all of the assets relating to the operation of the concession to the 
grantor or to the incoming concession holder. However, in the case of early termination of a 
concession, the concession holder might be entitled to receive a compensation amount 
determined in accordance with the terms of the relevant concession-agreement. 
Law No. 164 of 11 November 2014 (the so-called Legge "Sblocca Italia") introduced material 
new provisions concerning the valorisation of assets in case of succession among integrated 
water services concession holders, by providing that the exiting concession holder will be 
entitled to the final value of the managed assets net of any amortisations, in accordance with 
the procedures and the criteria set forth by the relevant regulator (ARERA). 
Legislation in Italy could also affect the expiry date of certain concessions. See "The evolution 
in the legislative and regulatory context for the electricity, waste and water sectors poses a risk 
to the Issuer" below. 
No assurances can be given that the Group will be able to enter into new contracts for carrying 
out the businesses described above after the expiration of the current contracts, or that any new 
contracts entered into or renewals of existing contracts will provide for similar terms to those 
currently in force. The Group’s failure to enter into new contracts or renew existing contracts, 
in each case on similar or otherwise favourable terms, could result in a decrease in revenues 
and, as a consequence, could have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or 
on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Issuer may incur costs in re-tendering for large hydroelectric concessions 
By way of Law Decree No. 83 of 22 June 2012, as subsequently amended and supplemented, 
(the so-called "Development Decree"), the government issued certain regulations designed to 
facilitate the way in which tenders are carried out. More specifically, Article 37 of the 
Development Decree provides that five years prior to the expiration of a large hydroelectric 
concession, the competent authority shall launch a public tender for the assignment, subject to 
the payment of consideration, of such large hydroelectric concession, in accordance with local 
regulations and the fundamental principles of competition protection, freedom of 
establishment, transparency and non-discrimination. Such new concession shall be for a period 
of 20 years, up to a maximum of 30 years, depending on the required level of investment. The 
criteria taken into consideration in assigning the concession shall be principally the pecuniary 
offer made in order to acquire the use of the water resources and the commitment to increase 
the installed power or the energy produced, and shall also include the improvement and 
environmental restoration of the relevant catchment area, the territorial compensation measures 
and the extent and quality of the plan of action set out in order to ensure conservation of the 
reservoirs’ capacity.  
In addition, in relation to large hydroelectric concessions which have either already expired or 
are due to expire before 31 December 2018 (in relation to which the aforementioned five-year 
limit would not be applicable), the new provisions have established a special transitional

--- Page 25 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 22 - 
47-41037952 
 
regime, under which the relevant tenders must be called within two years of the effective date 
of the implementing ministerial decree (under Article 12, paragraph 1-sexies of Legislative 
Decree No. 79 of 16 March 1999), and the new concession will start at the end of the fifth year 
following the original expiry date and in any case no later than 31 December 2017. 
The Legislative Decree n. 135/2018 made changes to the discipline of concessions for large 
hydroelectric derivations, arranging the regionalization of ownership of hydroelectric works at 
the expiry of the concessions and in the event of forfeiture or renunciation of the same. 
Regions are required to regulate, by law, the procedures and procedures for assignment. The 
deadline for the adoption of this regulation set at March 31, 2020 has been extended to October 
31, 2020 by article 125-bis of Legislative Decree n. 18/2020 (converted with amendments into 
Law no. 27/2020), in relation to the state of emergency declared following the epidemiological 
spread of COVID-19, with the simultaneous extension of the deadline for completing the 
assignment procedures no later than 31 July 2024 (instead of December 31, 2023). 
Regional law must comply with certain predefined legislative parameters. Among them, the 
duration of the new concessions, between 20 and 40 years, which can be increased up to a 
maximum of 10 years, in relation to the complexity of the project proposal presented and the 
amount of the investment. The procedures for awarding new concessions must be started within 
two years from the entry into force of the regional law. In the event of non-compliance with 
the start-up deadline by the region concerned, the exercise of replacement powers by the State 
is envisaged. 
In the last years, Acea Produzione, a subsidiary of the Issuer active in the power generation 
field, participated on behalf of the ACEA Group (together with key national players as well as 
hydroelectric concession holders, through the main trade associations), in various discussions 
with the institutions on the rules governing the agreement between the outgoing concession 
holder and the new operator. 
In order to obtain new business, the Group may participate in competitive tender processes, 
which entail competition on price levels, and margins that could be lower than past practice or 
what the Group would consider generally acceptable. 
The Group currently holds eight hydroelectric concessions, for a total installed capacity of 
approximately 120 MW, maturing between 2013 and 2029. Should the Group be required to 
re-tender for large hydroelectric concessions, this could result in the Group losing the 
hydroelectric concessions or incurring significant costs in the tender process, either of which 
could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition, with a consequential adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or the 
Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at maturity. 
The Group is exposed to revisions of tariffs in water and energy sectors 
The ACEA Group mainly operates in regulated markets. Changes to rules in these markets, as 
well as regulations and obligations, can have a significant effect on the Group’s results and 
operating performance. Therefore, the Group is exposed to a risk of variation in the tariffs 
applied to end users. 
In 2011, Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the "Save Italy Decree") ordered the 
abolition of the national agency for regulating and supervising water matters, providing that

--- Page 26 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 23 - 
47-41037952 
 
the related functions and intrinsic financial and instrumental resources should be transferred to 
the ARERA and the Ministry for the Environment. 
Following this change in legislation, in the water sectors, the tariffs payable by customers (as 
proposed by the competent district authorities within each district) must be approved by the 
ARERA. Through Resolution No. 654/2015/R/eel, the ARERA approved the applicable tariff 
method for the fifth regulatory period commencing on 1 January 2016. 
Territorial and governance regulations relating to the integrated water service were affected by 
specific amendments in 2014 by Legislative Decree 133/2014 (the "Unlock Italy Decree") and 
Law 147/2013 (the "Stability Law") as well as in 2015 mainly with reference to the 
reorganisation of local public service regulations of economic relevance (Madia Reform) and 
the environment with the so-called Green Economy Annex. 
In 2015, there was a period of intense confrontation between operators and the ARERA for the 
formulation of the new tariff rules for the years 2016 onwards. The new tariff methods were 
established by Resolution 664/2015/R/Idr (M1/MTI2) for the water sector and Resolution 
654/2015/R/eel for the electricity sector. 
As explained in more detail below, these resolutions modified some of the most important 
reference elements needed to build the new tariff determinations, such as the recognition for 
the cost of capital invested and other specific tariff items. 
Despite ARERA’s intentions to provide new methods with greater stability and clarity, some 
of the new guidance has increased tariffs, regulatory risk and unpredictability. The Issuer has 
represented, through legal appeal, its willingness to protect its business and create value for its 
stakeholders in relation to the more controversial aspects of the new tariff regulation, especially 
with reference to water regulation.  
The two new tariff methods have homogenised water and electricity tariffs to a certain extent, 
making both of these subject to exogenous variations which are not so easily predictable, since 
the components are adjusted by ARERA with reference to regulatory periods of four years and 
with possible revisions every two years.  
With respect to the water tariff, certain parameters relating, inter alia, to inflation rates, external 
variables and operating costs were amended in 2017 to determine the 2018-2019 tariffs. See 
"Regulatory – Resolution 918/2017/R/IDR - Biennial update of the tariff arrangements of the 
integrated water service". 
During 2019, ARERA continued to issue several significant regulations aimed at perfecting 
the regulatory framework. In particular, the definition of the tariff methodology for the third 
regulatory period 2020-2023 (MTI-3), following an extensive consultation process involving 
all the stakeholders, was completed with a significant additions to the regulation of quality 
levels in the regulated services. 
Meanwhile, with resolutions 566-567-568 / 2019 / R / eel of 23 and 27 December, were been 
approved, respectively, the integrated text of the output-based regulation of electricity 
distribution and measurement services and the updating of the transmission service's output 
regulation and the update of the tariff regulation of all three services for the half-period 2020-
2023. The texts enter into force on January 1, 2020.

--- Page 27 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 24 - 
47-41037952 
 
Certain parameters for the determination of the electricity and gas tariffs and relating to the 
weighted average cost of capital ("WACC") have been revised in 2018 (Resolution 
639/2018/R/com) for the update of the 2019-2021 tariff. The WACC period for electricity and 
gas tariffs lasts six years and, pursuant to Resolution 583/2015/R/com, certain parameters have 
to be reviewed before the beginning of the second part of the period (including the Risk Free 
Rate and the Country Risk Premium) in order to align them with the current market conditions. 
See "Regulatory – Resolution 583/2015/R/com – Rate of return on net invested capital for 
infrastructure services in the electricity and gas sectors: criteria for calculating and updating". 
On 13 October 2020, ARERA published the Resolution 380/2020/R/com and consequently 
launched the proceeding aimed at reviewing the WACC methodology for gas distribution 
referring to the regulatory period starting from 2022. With Resolution 639/2021, ARERA 
recalculated the WACC for the years 2022 and 2023. See “Regulatory - Electricity sector: 
ARERA activity during the 2020” and “Regulatory - Criteria for the biennial update (2022-
2023): Resolution-No. 614/2021/R/com and 615/2 containing “Guidelines for developing 
ROSS-base regulations to apply to all regulated electricity and gas infrastructure 
services”021/R/com”.  
The newly created tariff regulation of the integrated waste sector makes reference to the method 
for the determination of the remuneration of the capital applicable for the electricity and gas 
sector while, in its first phase of application, acts as an adjustment factor for the revenues of 
residual and organic waste treatment plants. Should any such changes and uncertainties result 
in decreases in tariffs, this could have an impact on the business of ACEA, with a consequent 
adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest 
on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. At the same time, any change in the 
ETS allowances criteria for the 4th phase (the proposal to reform the Regulation is currently 
making its way through the EU legislative process), specifically for municipal waste treatment 
plants, could have an impact on the expected economic results of the activities. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of increases and variations in the cost of fuel, electrical 
energy, natural gas or other raw materials, or disruption in their supply; it is also exposed 
to the risk of decreases in the prices obtained for its electricity and to risks connected with 
its hedging strategies 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group is exposed to the risk of increases and variations 
in the cost of fuel, electrical energy, natural gas or other raw materials, or disruption in their 
supply, which could significantly affect the Group’s result. It is also exposed to the risk of 
decreases in the price obtained for its electricity. Such risks have been highlighted since the 
summer of 2021 by heavy increases in the price of natural gas and fuel in European markets, 
and related supply shortages, and have been further exacerbated by the on-going invasion of 
Ukraine which began in February 2022. 
A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer carries out the risk management activities of the 
Group with respect to the commodities market. The analysis and management of risks is carried 
out by a risk management unit according to a two-level control process that involves the 
execution of activities throughout the year with different frequency by type of limit (annual, 
monthly and daily). The risk management activities of the Group in the commodities market 
are carried out, inter alia, by means of forward contracts.

--- Page 28 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 25 - 
47-41037952 
 
In addition, the Group monitors and analyses key drivers and develops sensitivity analysis on 
the margins of the Group as a result of the impact of changes in the cost of raw materials and 
fuel. 
Nevertheless, the Group has not eliminated its exposure to these risks, and significant variations 
in fuel, raw material or electricity prices or any interruption in supplies could have a material 
adverse impact on the business prospects, results of operations and financial condition of the 
Issuer and the Group, with a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or 
on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The hedging strategies pursued by the Group may create new risks and exposures and the Issuer 
cannot offer any assurance that they will function as intended. In addition, hedging contracts 
for the price of electricity and/or fuel are available in the market only for limited durations. 
Any hedging effect will not protect the Issuer and/or the Group against prolonged price 
movements. 
Risks relating to the outsourcing of works, services and supplies 
The Group is required to outsource a significant part of the works, services and supplies to third 
parties, as required pursuant to Article 177 of the Public Contracts Code. In particular, Article 
177 of the Code states the obligation of any private concessionaires to award to third parties, 
through public tender procedure, a percentage equal to 80 per cent. of the works, services and 
supply contracts related to concessions having a value equal to or exceeding €150,000. The 
remaining quota of 20 per cent. may be awarded by private concessionaires to directly or 
indirectly controlled or affiliated companies or to operators selected through simplified 
competitive procedures. The Anticorruption Authority (“ANAC”) is entitled to verify annually 
that the concessionaires comply with the above mentioned percentages according to procedures 
to be defined through specific guidelines. In case of repeated imbalance found by ANAC, 
specific penalties may be applied by ANAC. Although Article 177 is applicable to concessions 
in force at the date of 19 April 2016, the relevant provisions are not applicable to concessions 
formerly awarded through the project financing formula or through public competitive 
procedures compliant with the European laws and regulations. In this respect, with ruling n. 
218 of 23 November 2021, the Italian Constitutional Court declared the constitutional 
illegitimacy of Article 177 of the Public Contracts Code for violation of Article 3, paragraph 
1, and Article 41, paragraph 1, of the Italian Constitution. As a result, holders of concessions 
originally subject to Article 177 of the Public Contracts Code are no longer required to 
outsource activities relating to such concessions to third parties. At this stage, the decision of 
the Italian Constitutional Court has not resulted in changes to the operations of the Group. 
As a result of such provisions, the Group regularly employs third party contractors to carry out 
vital activities relating to its operations. This exposes the Group to several risks, such as (i) 
failure by contractors to perform satisfactorily their obligations to the Group, (ii) the 
commencement of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to contractors and reopening of public 
tender procedures; and (iii) claims from subcontractors and potential subsequent litigation. 
The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business 
and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a consequent adverse impact 
on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or 
to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group may incur significant environmental expenses and liabilities

--- Page 29 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 26 - 
47-41037952 
 
Risks of environmental and health and safety accidents and liabilities are inherent in many of 
the Group’s operations. Notwithstanding the Issuer’s belief that the operational policies and 
standards adopted and implemented throughout the Group to ensure the safety of its operations 
are of a high standard, it is always possible that incidents such as blow-outs, spill-over, 
contamination and similar events could occur that would result in damage to the environment, 
workers and/or local communities. 
The Group has accrued risk provisions to cover existing environmental expenses and liabilities. 
Nevertheless, it is possible that in the future the Group may incur significant environmental 
expenses and liabilities in addition to the amounts already accrued owing to: (i) unknown 
contamination; (ii) the results of ongoing surveys or surveys that will be carried out in future 
on the environmental status of certain of the Group’s industrial sites as required by the 
applicable regulations on contaminated sites; and (iii) the possibility that disputes might be 
brought against the Group in relation to such matters. 
Any such increase in costs could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business and results 
of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a consequent adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay 
the Notes in full at their maturity. 
In order to mitigate the severity of the impact of any environmental damage, the Group has 
also taken out environmental liability insurance cover. 
Natural disasters, service interruptions, systems failures, water shortages or contamination 
of water supplies as well as other disruptive events could adversely affect profitability  
The Group controls and operates utility networks and maintains the associated assets with the 
objective of providing a continuous service. Moreover, the Group also owns and manages 
power stations, waste management assets and distribution networks and plants, which may be 
significantly damaged by several external factors beyond the Group’s control and, in turn, this 
may compromise the Group’s production capacity. In exceptional circumstances, electricity, 
gas or water shortages, or the failure of an asset, an element of a network or supporting plant 
and equipment, could result in the interruption of service provision or catastrophic damage 
resulting in significant loss of life and/or environmental damage and/or economic and social 
disruption. Water shortages may be caused by increases in demand and/or by climate change 
(average decrease in rainfall, average increase in temperature or other physical changes), which 
may exacerbate seasonal fluctuations in supply availability. In the event of a water shortage, 
the Group may incur in additional or increased costs in order to provide emergency 
reinforcement to supplies. 
Water supplies may be subject to the risk of low quality spring water, interruption or 
contamination, including contamination from the presence of naturally occurring compounds 
and pollution from man-made sources or third parties’ actions. The Group could be held liable 
for human exposure to hazardous substances in its water supplies or other environmental 
damage. The Group could be fined for breaches of statutory obligations, including the 
obligation to supply drinking water that is wholesome at the point of supply, or held liable to 
third parties, or be required to provide an alternative water supply of equivalent quality, which 
could increase costs. 
Moreover, significant damage or other obstruction to the waterworks facilities, including 
multipurpose dams and water supply systems, managed by the Issuer’s subsidiaries could result

--- Page 30 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 27 - 
47-41037952 
 
from (i) natural disasters, floods and prolonged droughts; (ii) human error in operating the 
waterworks facilities, including multi-purpose dams and water supply systems; and (iii) 
industrial strikes. 
The Group’s distribution networks are also exposed to risks relating to: (i) the effectiveness of 
investments carried out for the replacement/renewal of grids, in terms of the expected effects 
on the improvement of service continuity indicators; (ii) the quality, reliability and duration of 
works; and (iii) the Group’s ability to meet the conditions for obtaining required authorisations, 
with regards to the construction and start-up of plants and the performance of work, according 
to the need to develop and enhance the plants. The Group’s waste-to-energy plants, and, to a 
lesser extent, waste treatment plants are highly complex from a technical point of view, and 
require the Group companies to employ qualified personnel and adopt organisational structures 
with a high level of know-how, and therefore may give rise to risks related to the performance 
continuity of the plants. Furthermore, the plants and related activities are designed to handle 
certain types of waste. If the incoming material is inadequate and does not meet the necessary 
specifications, this could lead to operational problems which may compromise the operational 
continuity of the plants and give rise to risks of a legal nature. 
The Group maintains insurance against some, but not all, of these events but no assurance can 
be given that its insurance will be adequate to cover any direct or indirect losses or liabilities it 
may suffer. 
The Group's insurance policies cover most of the abovementioned events and provide for 
participation quotas by the subsidiaries (allowances). 
An additional risk arises from adverse publicity that these events may generate and the 
consequent damage to the Issuer’s and the Group’s reputation. 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no guarantee that maintenance and spare 
part costs will not rise, that insurance products will continue to be available on reasonable terms 
or that any one event or series of events affecting any one or more plants or networks will not 
have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay 
interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group faces risks relating to climate changes 
Electricity and natural gas consumption levels change significantly as a result of climate 
change. Changes in the weather can produce significant differences in the clients’ demand for 
energy and gas. Furthermore, adverse weather conditions and extreme weather events can 
affect the regular delivery of energy due to network damage and any resulting service 
disruption. For instance, low rainfall and high temperatures may lead to depletion of water 
sources which, combined with higher water consumption, may cause a water deficit in some 
periods. In addition, prolonged drought periods can affect the regular production of water 
resources and may result in an increase in energy consumption and in impacts on the 
availability of water capacity for hydroelectric plants. In addition to the above, climate changes 
are also affecting the political and regulatory aspects of the ongoing economic system, which 
is facing a transition period aimed at the implementation of a decarbonised economic system, 
being committed to tackle such climate changes. The occurrence of this transition will lead to 
significant impacts on increasing carbon tax policies, changes in incentive programmes, 
tightening of the values associated with the so-called “emission trading scheme” (both in terms 
of allowances – whether paid or not – and of actual emission allowance costs), increasing

--- Page 31 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 28 - 
47-41037952 
 
financial risks (i.e. fines and incremental compliance costs) for failure to meet performance 
standards for the Issuer’s regulated businesses. Furthermore, this transition may also generate 
reputational and climate change-related risks, in cases where there has been a missed control 
of these issues. 
Some of the risks that the Group must deal with include possible impacts deriving from 
unpredictable natural phenomena (e.g. earthquakes, floods and landslides) and/or from cyclical 
or permanent climatic changes on the networks and plants managed by Acea Group companies. 
Due to the nature and location of its business lines, the main issues related to climate change 
could arise in operational, regulatory and legal contexts, with potential financial implications. 
As far as the first aspect is concerned, chronic meteorological events like the reduction of 
rainfall can have negative impacts on both hydroelectric energy production and the availability 
of drinking water to be distributed, which among other things can lead to an increase in energy 
consumption for the withdrawal of water from less favoured sources. On the other hand, 
extreme phenomena such as storms can lead to the risk of lightning strikes, which could damage 
assets and undermine the continuity of the service, blackouts or, for the water network, the 
overflow of drains connected to the wastewater system and turbidity of the water sources. 
Moreover, from a regulatory point of view, these climatic effects can have an impact on the 
consequent provision of the service in accordance with the regulations in force, with 
consequent financial penalties. The implications of regulatory actions on CO2 emission 
allowances, renewable sources, taxes and energy efficiency certificates could be very 
significant, with possible financial impacts. Acea Group implements structural interventions 
and, when needed, more specific actions to mitigate the abovementioned risks, in order to foster 
the resiliency of its assets. 
Significant changes of such nature could adversely affect the business prospects, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Issuer and/or the Group, with a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the 
Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group has exposure to credit risk arising from its commercial activity 
Credit risk represents the Group’s exposure to potential losses that could be incurred if 
commercial counterparts fail to meet their debt obligations. 
In order to control such risk, a central Group credit policy defines guidelines to be applied by 
the subsidiaries concerning the assessment of customers’ and other financial counterparties’ 
credit standing, the monitoring of expected collection flows, the issue of suitable reminders, 
the granting of extended credit terms if necessary, the taking of prime bank or insurance 
guarantees and the implementation of suitable recovery measures. The credit risk assessment 
is tailored on the type of client (i.e., public or private) and on the performance score, which is 
calculated on the basis of the customer’s credit behaviour. Standard default interest is charged 
on late payments. Nonetheless, external events can materially and adversely impact the credit 
risk assessment carried out by the Group in accordance with its policies and/or delay customer 
payments following instalment requests. 
Furthermore, as done in previous years, during 2021 the Group set up several non-recourse, 
revolving and spot transactions of receivables from private customers but also partially from 
public administrations. This strategy exposes the Group to the risks involved in closing or 
failing to close these transactions.

--- Page 32 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 29 - 
47-41037952 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a single default by a major counterparty, the likelihood of 
which could be affected by the energy crunch, and/or an increase in current default rates by 
counterparties generally, could have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or 
on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Issuer’s ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired if it is unable to 
maintain or obtain the required licences, permits, approvals and consents 
In order to carry out and expand its business, the Issuer needs to maintain or obtain a variety 
of licences, permits, approvals and consents from regulatory, legal, administrative, tax and 
other authorities and agencies. The processes for obtaining these licences, permits, approvals 
and consents are often lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly. 
If the Issuer is unable to maintain or obtain the relevant permits and approvals, its ability to 
achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired, with a consequent adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay 
the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risks related to the Business Plan 
On 27 October 2020, the board of directors of the Issuer approved a 2020-2024 business plan 
(the "Business Plan"), containing the strategic guidelines and economic and financial targets 
of the Group for the relevant period. 
The Business Plan contains the Group’s targets through to 2024 prepared on the basis of 
macroeconomic projections as of its approval date and strategic actions that need to be 
implemented. The Business Plan is based on numerous assumptions and hypotheses, some of 
which relate to events not fully under the control of the board of directors and management of 
the Issuer. In particular, the Business Plan contains a set of assumptions, estimates and 
predictions that are based on the occurrence of future events and actions to be taken by, inter 
alia, the board of directors of the Issuer, in the period from 2020 to 2024, which include, among 
other things, hypothetical assumptions of different natures subject to risks and uncertainties 
arising from the current economic environment, relating to future events and actions of 
directors and the management of the Issuer that may not necessarily occur, events, actions, and 
other assumptions including those related to the performance of the main economic and 
financial variables or other factors that affect their development over which the directors and 
management of the Issuer do not have, or have limited, control. 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk that it may be unable to implement part or all of its 
growth strategy or within the timeframe expected, that the assumptions on which the Group 
based its forecasts and growth strategy may be incorrect or that the growth strategy may not 
achieve the results expected. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from 
those in the Business Plan include (but are not limited to) the possibility of divestitures or 
disposals, the transfer of certain assets and networks upon termination, revocation or non-
renewal of concessions and the reduction of fixed costs including through cost synergies from 
the Group’s acquisitions. 
Any such failure to develop, revise or implement the growth strategy in a timely and effective 
manner could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial position and results 
of operations and consequently on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability 
to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
There can be no assurances of the success of any of the Group’s future attempts to acquire 
additional businesses or of the Group’s ability to integrate any businesses acquired in the 
future

--- Page 33 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 30 - 
47-41037952 
 
The Issuer’s business strategy involves investments in its core businesses and may also involve 
the acquisition of additional businesses. The success of this strategy depends in part on the 
Issuer’s ability to successfully identify and acquire, on acceptable terms, suitable companies 
and other assets and, once acquired, on the successful integration of these into the Group’s 
operations, as well as its ability to identify suitable strategic partners and conclude suitable 
terms with them. Recently, the Issuer has undertaken several acquisitions, especially in the 
photovoltaic market; for more information, see “Description of the Issuer – Energy 
Infrastructure”. 
An inability to implement such strategy or a failure in any particular implementation of the 
same, as well as the need for significant further investments in order to achieve such 
implementation, could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial position and 
results of operations and consequently on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s 
ability to pay interest on the Notes or repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group faces increasing competition in the energy and gas markets 
The energy and gas markets in which the Issuer and the Group operate are subject to increasing 
competition in Italy. In particular, in the electricity and gas businesses, the Group competes 
with other producers and traders from both Italy and outside of Italy who sell electricity and 
gas in the Italian market for industrial, commercial and residential usage. 
Also, the Group is exposed to the risk of losing a significant market share due to the application 
of rules that will establish how to terminate public interventions in price setting. The conversion 
into law of Law Decree 30 December 2021 n. 228 (Milleproroghe) with law 25 February 2022, 
n. 15 extended the term for the termination of public interventions in the price setting for 
household customers and microenterprises from 1 January 2023 to 1 January 2024. 
An increase in competition could have an impact on the prices paid or achieved in the Issuer’s 
electricity production and trading activities, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the 
Group’s business and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a consequent 
adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest 
on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Legal and internal control risks 
The evolution in the legislative and regulatory context for the electricity, waste and water 
sectors poses a risk to the Group 
The Group operates mainly in regulated markets and changes in applicable legislation and 
regulation, whether at a national or European level, as well as in the regulations adopted by 
specific regulatory agencies, including the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks 
and Environment (Autorità di Regolazione per Energia Reti Ambiente – "ARERA" or the 
"Authority" – formerly Autorità per l’Energia Elettrica, il Gas e il Sistema Idrico – 
"AEEGSI"), and the manner in which they are interpreted, could impact the Group’s earnings 
and operations positively or negatively, both through the effect on current operations and also 
through the impact on the cost and revenue-earning capabilities of current and future planned 
developments in the business. Such changes could include changes in tax rates, changes in 
environmental or safety or other workplace laws, or changes in the regulation of cross border 
transactions. Public policies related to water, waste, energy, energy efficiency and/or air 
emissions, may impact the overall markets in which the Group operates.

--- Page 34 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 31 - 
47-41037952 
 
The Group operates its business in a political, legal, and social environment which is expected 
to continue to have a material impact on the performance of the Group. The regulations of a 
particular sector may affect many aspects of the Issuer’s and the Group’s business and, in many 
respects, determines the manner in which the Group conducts its business and the fees it 
charges or obtains for its products and services.  
Furthermore, the Group is subject to the application of legislation regulating local public 
services of economic importance which has been affected by frequent amendments in the past 
10 years in Italy. 
In light of the above, the laws and regulations in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
(namely, Article 34, paragraphs 20-26 of Law Decree No. 179 of 18 October 2012, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented) provide that companies managing certain public 
services in the concession regime (such as the Issuer and its subsidiaries) will maintain the 
relevant concessions until (i) the scheduled maturity date set forth in the relevant concession 
agreement or (ii) 30 June 2021, if the relevant concession agreement does not set forth the 
concession’s expiry date. 
The expiry of any concessions currently held by the Group may adversely affect the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition, with a consequent adverse impact on 
the market value of the Notes and the Issuer’s ability to repay the Notes in full at their maturity.  
The nature of its business exposes the Group to the risk of non-compliance with the consumer 
protection rules set forth under Legislative Decree No. 206 of 6 April 2005, including, inter 
alia, the prohibition of unfair commercial practices and misleading advertising.  
Moreover, the Group is subject to the rules governing territorial planning and management of 
the integrated water service, including those relating to the reorganization of the regulation of 
local public services with economic relevance (the "MADIA reform", implemented, inter alia, 
through Legislative Decree No. 175/2016, as amended by Law Decree No. 100 of 16 June 
2017, which sets forth provisions on publicly owned companies) and those relating to 
environmental matters (e.g., the provisions of Law No. 221 of 28 December 2015 on the so-
called collegato ambientale), whose violation may trigger the application of administrative 
and/or criminal penalties.  
For further details and information on the legislative changes in these matters, see "Regulatory" 
below.  
In addition, the Group is exposed, inter alia, to the risks concerning personal data processing, 
especially following the introduction of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR"). Therefore the 
Group has adopted a risk-based Privacy Governance Model that defines roles and 
responsibilities within the organization involved in the processing of personal data, as well as 
specific internal policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the data 
protection law (e.g. management data subjects requests, data breach policy, data retention 
policy, etc.). Moreover a Group Data Protection Officer has been appointed by the controllers, 
which is supported by a DPO Office in his advisory and monitoring of compliance tasks. 
Any new or substantially altered rules and standards may adversely affect the Group’s 
revenues, profits and general financial condition and therefore have a consequent adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the 
Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity.

--- Page 35 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 32 - 
47-41037952 
 
Risks related to legal and tax proceedings and the potential violation of laws and regulations. 
The Issuer and the Group are party to a number of legal and tax proceedings arising in the 
ordinary course of business. The Issuer has made provision in its consolidated financial 
statements for contingent liabilities related to particular proceedings in accordance with the 
advice of internal and external legal counsel. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group has not 
recorded provisions in respect of all of the proceedings to which it is subject. In particular, it 
has not recorded provisions in cases in which it is not possible to quantify any negative outcome 
and in cases in which it currently believes that negative outcomes are not likely. There can be 
no assurance, therefore, that the Group will not incur significant losses in connection with 
pending legal and tax proceedings due to: (i) uncertainty regarding the final outcome of such 
proceedings; (ii) the occurrence of new developments that were not known to management 
when evaluating the likely outcome of proceedings; (iii) the emergence of new evidence and 
information; and (iv) underestimation of probable future losses. 
Adverse outcomes in existing or future litigation could have adverse impacts on the financial 
position and results of operations of the Group and consequently an adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay 
the Notes in full at their maturity. For further information on the principal legal proceedings 
that the Group is currently involved in, see "Description of the Issuer — Litigation". 
Moreover, the Group has adopted systems for organization, management and control pursuant 
to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 (“231 Model”), as a defense against the administrative 
responsibility that could be attributed to the Group pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 231 of 8 June 2001 (“Legislative Decree 231/2001”). Legislative Decree 231/2001 
introduced a specific system of enterprise liability for several types of criminal offenses 
committed in the corporate interest and/or to its advantage by persons in senior management 
positions or those persons’ subordinates. The adoption of a 231 Model does not in itself exclude 
any form of liability under Legislative Decree 231/2001, and any failure to update this model 
increases the risk that administrative liability under Legislative Decree 231/2001 may arise. 
Any proceedings relating to alleged offences covered by Legislative Decree 231/2001, 
regardless of their outcome, could be costly and divert management’s attention from other 
aspects of the business, cause adverse publicity and reputational damage and could have an 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if an 
offense falling within the scope of Legislative Decree 231/2001 is committed, the Group may 
be subject to administrative or criminal penalties (e.g. fines, confiscations of profits), including 
the loss or revocation of authorizations, permits and licenses, exclusion from subsidies and loan 
contributions, the imposition of restrictions on the activities of the Group or damage to its 
reputation.  
The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business 
and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a consequent adverse impact 
on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or 
to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
Risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave the Group exposed to 
unidentified or unanticipated risks 
The Group has invested significant resources to developing policies, procedures and 
assessment methods to manage market, credit, liquidity and operating risk and intends to 
continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, the Group’s risk management techniques and

--- Page 36 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 33 - 
47-41037952 
 
strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all market environments 
or against all types of risks, including risks that Group fails to identify or anticipate. In addition, 
while the Group maintains insurance coverages to protect itself from several risks in 
accordance with its risk management framework, it should be noted that not all risks can be 
covered by insurance policies and therefore there are direct and indirect losses or liabilities that 
the Group may accordingly suffer. 
Furthermore, the Group is exposed to the risk that functional problems in its technological and 
IT architecture could cause an interruption in its business, as well as the risk of unauthorized 
access to IT systems or the possible success of external cyber-attacks, which may result in 
damage, loss, removal or unlawful disclosure of the data managed by the Group which could 
expose the Group to financial penalties and fines and, in turn, may harm its image or reputation 
vis-à-vis its customers. Additionally, the Group uses multiple IT platforms, systems and 
applications to manage certain of its operations (e.g. industrial control systems and operational 
technology) in the distributions activities. Any breakdowns and interruptions to such IT 
platforms, systems and applications (which may be caused also by external cyber-attacks) 
could disrupt the Group’s business and ultimately result in equipment damage, power outages, 
and a range of other hardware, software and network problems. Although the Group regularly 
maintains and updates its IT systems, and within its IT security framework it has adopted 
advanced solutions for information security, any problems associated with inefficient 
maintenance, a failure or delay in updating its IT systems, any unauthorized access to its 
computer systems or a successful external cyber-attack could have an adverse impact on the 
Group’s business and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, with a consequent 
adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest 
on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
The Group has taken out insurance coverage for cyber risks, which, however, cannot cover all 
scenarios and all damages that might result. 
The Group’s operations are subject to extensive environmental laws, rules and regulations 
which regulate, among other things, air emissions, water discharges and the management 
of hazardous and solid waste 
Compliance with environmental laws, rules and regulations requires the Group to incur 
significant costs relating to environmental monitoring, installation of pollution control 
equipment, emission fees, maintenance and upgrading of facilities, remediation and permitting. 
The cost of compliance with existing and future environmental law requirements may increase 
in the future. Any increase in such costs, unless promptly recovered, could have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s business and results of operations, financial position and cash flows, 
with a consequent adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and/or on the Issuer’s ability 
to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the Notes in full at their maturity. 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET 
RISKS 
ASSOCIATED 
WITH 
NOTES 
ISSUED 
UNDER 
THE 
PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes

--- Page 37 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 34 - 
47-41037952 
 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common of such features, distinguishing between factors which may 
occur in relation to any Notes: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option (Condition 9(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Clean-Up Call Option)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if 
and when 80 per cent. or more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of 
Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of 
the Clean-up Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high 
as that of the relevant Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right 
to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing market rates.

--- Page 38 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 35 - 
47-41037952 
 
The value of fixed rate Notes may change 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on floating rate notes  
A key difference between floating rate notes and fixed rate notes is that interest income on 
floating rate notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able 
to determine a definite yield of floating rate notes at the time they purchase them, so that their 
return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the terms and conditions of the notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, 
investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors 
may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then 
prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue fixed rate notes may affect the market 
value and the secondary market (if any) of the floating rate notes (and vice versa). Investment 
in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to 
be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin 
will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the relevant final terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, 
the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term 
changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected 
in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference 
rate. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked 
to such "benchmarks".  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates 
and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the "EU Benchmark Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
Benchmark Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmark 
Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, and such 
changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, 
or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any 
of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or

--- Page 39 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 36 - 
47-41037952 
 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and 
adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-
term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long 
it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 7(i) (Benchmark 
Replacement), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any 
other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation 
of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including 
the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the reforms brought about by the EU Benchmark Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes referencing a "benchmark". 
The Conditions provide also for certain additional arrangements in the event that a published 
Original Reference Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be 
published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined 
in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or 
an Alternative Reference Rate, and that such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a 
relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Indeed, if the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine 
a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer may determine such 
Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread. The application of a Successor Reference 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would 
do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If no 
Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. In certain circumstances, the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate

--- Page 40 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 37 - 
47-41037952 
 
for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last used for the relevant Notes or last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates 
and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser 
or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable 
regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the 
competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 7(i). 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark 
Regulation reforms or arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in 
interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
There can be no assurance that Notes issued as "Green Bonds" and the related use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor seeking securities to be 
used for a particular purpose 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes described as "Green 
Bonds" for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, Eligible Green 
Projects (such term as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section). In such circumstances, 
prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, or referred to, under the 
paragraph "Use of Proceeds, Estimated Net Proceeds– Use of Proceeds" of the relevant Final 
Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any 
other investigation such investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes and its suitability also in light of their own circumstances and applicable criteria. In 
particular, no assurance can be given by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) that the use of such net proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether under any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or under its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project

--- Page 41 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 38 - 
47-41037952 
 
to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such 
a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” has been established in the EU with 
the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”) and the final social taxonomy report 
on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, which was published by the 
Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, introducing a first set of 
technical screening criteria to be used to define which activities contribute to the following 
environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change 
adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”). The 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. On 10 March 2022, 
the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act, 
covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is expected to enter into force in the coming 
months. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European Commission adopted the Regulatory 
Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation”), which is expected to apply from 1 January 2023. Any further 
delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to implement the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may result in a regular review of 
the relating screening criteria, with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to 
reflect technological progress. 
In addition, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance 
published its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond 
Standard”). In the context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance 
strategy, the European Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of 
an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical 
Expert Group, and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the 
European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed 
the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 
July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green 
Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the 
green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) 
full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance 
activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers 
with the ESMA and subjection to its supervision. 
In this respect, there can be no guarantee that the Eligible Green Projects financed and/or 
refinanced by the Issuer out of the proceeds of its “Green Bonds” will fully align at all times 
with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
and the technical screening criteria established by the implementing delegated acts, as and 
when introduced and applicable from time to time. Any such changes could have an adverse 
effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such Green Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of "Green Bonds", the Issuer may request a specialised consulting 
firm or rating agency to issue a so-called second-party opinion confirming that the relevant 
"green" project expected to be financed and/or refinanced by the net proceeds of the "Green 
Bonds" has been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green

--- Page 42 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 39 - 
47-41037952 
 
projects set out in the "Green Bond Principles" ("GBP") published by the International Capital 
Market Association ("ICMA") and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the 
Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability projects 
(any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed and/or 
refinanced by the relevant net proceeds. No assurance or representation is given as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) (including the Second-party Opinion) 
which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in 
particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social 
and/or other criteria. Any such opinion, report or certification (including any Second-party 
Opinion) may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes 
or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the 
relevant issue of Notes in the form of "Green Bonds". A Second-party Opinion is a statement 
of opinion, not a statement of fact and it would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold the relevant "Green Bonds" by the Dealers, or any other person and would only be current 
as of the date it is released. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of 
such "Green Bonds" and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green or social assets. Furthermore, prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of 
any investment in the Notes.  
Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and/or certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, 
report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated into and/or form part of 
the Base Prospectus. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of Notes 
issued as "Green Bonds" so specified for Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the 
manner described, or referred to, under the "Use of Proceeds" section and the paragraph "Use 
of Proceeds, Estimated Net Proceeds – Use of Proceeds" of the relevant Final Terms, there can 
be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such a manner and/or 
in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer or any Dealer or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 40 - 
47-41037952 
 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for Eligible Green Projects 
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion, report or certification or any such opinion, 
report or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion, report or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any 
such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes but may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for, 
amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
"Green Bonds" are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Green Projects, do not benefit 
from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights 
derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Notes. The performance of the "Green 
Bonds" is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Projects or the 
performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no 
segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the "Green Bonds" and the Eligible Green 
Projects. Payment of principal and interest in respect of relevant Notes will be made from the 
Issuer's general funds. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on the 
"Green Bonds" nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the relevant 
Eligible Green Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental 
or similar targets. Holders of any "Green Bonds" shall have no preferential rights or priority 
against the assets of any Eligible Green Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance 
the performance of the Notes. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the 
light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 44 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 41 - 
47-41037952 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase 
complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Change of Control  
Upon the occurrence of certain change of control events relating to the Issuer, as set out in 
Condition 9(g) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control Put Event), under certain circumstances each Noteholder will have the right 
to require the Issuer to redeem its Notes at its principal amount or such other amount as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms ("Change of Control Redemption Amount"). It is 
possible, however, that the Issuer will not have sufficient funds to redeem the Notes at the time 
that a Change of Control Put Event in respect of the Issuer occurs. If sufficient funds are not 
available to the Issuer for the purposes of carrying out the redemption, Noteholders may receive 
less than the principal amount of the Notes should they elect to exercise their right to redeem. 
Furthermore, if such a right to redeem is exercised by the Noteholders, this might adversely 
affect the Issuer’s financial position. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
The terms and conditions relating to the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of 
indebtedness which the Issuer and its Subsidiaries may from time to time incur. In the event of 
any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with the Issuer’s other 
unsecured senior indebtedness and, accordingly, any increase in the amount of the Issuer’s 
unsecured senior indebtedness in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Noteholders. In addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge), do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries over present and future indebtedness. Where security has been granted over assets 
of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, 
such indebtedness will, in respect of such assets, rank in priority over the Notes and other 
unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer. 
Modification and waiver 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes or the Conditions may be modified, 
waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, 
waiver or amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Risk connected with the possibility of changes to the tax regime of the Notes

--- Page 45 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 42 - 
47-41037952 
 
It is not possible to predict whether the tax regime applicable on the interest and on other 
income, including capital gains, deriving from the Notes, will undergo changes during the life 
of such Notes; therefore, it cannot be ruled out that, in the event of such changes, the net values 
indicated may alter, perhaps significantly, from those that actually apply to the Notes at the 
various payment dates. 
Noteholders will be responsible for paying all present and future taxes that, in accordance with 
the provisions applicable from time to time will apply to the Notes, or to which the Notes 
become subject for whatever reason. 
Any greater fiscal charges on profits or on capital gains in connection with the Notes, with 
reference to those payable under the applicable fiscal regulations, following legislative or 
regulatory changes, or as a result of a change of practice in terms of interpretation of the rules 
by the financial administration, will consequently mean a reduction in the return on the Notes, 
net of the tax charge, and this will not result in any obligation of the Issuer to pay the 
Noteholders any additional sum by way of compensation for such greater tax burden. 
Payments in respect of the Notes may in certain circumstances be made subject to 
withholding or deduction of tax 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of withholding or deduction of 
Italian taxation, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as 
they would have received in respect of the Notes had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. The Issuer’s obligation to gross up is, however, subject to a number of exceptions, 
including withholding or deduction: 
(a) 
pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time; 
(b) 
pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act;  
(c) 
pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973 as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time; and 
(d) 
pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, converted into Law 
No. 649 of 25 November 1983, as amended from time to time 
a brief description of which is set out below. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax 
consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, 
regional or local tax laws of any country or territory. See also "Taxation". 
Italian substitutive tax 
Italian substitutive tax is applied to payments of interest and other proceeds (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) at a rate of 26 per cent. to (i) 
certain Italian resident Noteholders and (ii) non-Italian resident Noteholders who have not filed 
in due time with the relevant depository a declaration (autocertificazione) stating, inter alia,

--- Page 46 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 43 - 
47-41037952 
 
that he or she is resident for tax purposes in a country which allows for an adequate exchange 
of information with the Italian tax authorities (See also "Taxation"). 
Change of law 
The Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, except for the provisions of Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Noteholders’ 
Representative; Modification and Waiver) which are subject to compliance with mandatory 
laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force from time to time and, where applicable 
Italian law so requires, the Issuer’s by laws. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to applicable English law or administrative practice after 
the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently 
required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum 
Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. Noteholders who, as 
a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of Notes other than a multiple of the 
minimum Specified Denomination will receive definitive Notes in respect of their holding 
(provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination), however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in denominations other 
than the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Furthermore, 
a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agent or otherwise) is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders 
(including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the 
Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the 
Notes and upon their redemption. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk:

--- Page 47 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 44 - 
47-41037952 
 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under 
the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these 
circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market 
prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the 
Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield 
on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the assigning rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA and 
not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not

--- Page 48 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 45 - 
47-41037952 
 
established in the EEA and such rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA and which is not certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency not established in the UK and not 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK and such rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK and which is not certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. 
Not all non-Italian investors in the Notes could be able to obtain the benefits of the regime 
under Decree No. 239 
The regime provided by Decree No. 239 applies if certain procedural requirements are met. 
There can be no assurance that all non-Italian resident investors will be able to claim the 
application of the withholding tax exemption regime (see "Taxation"). 
Notes may be affected by a proposal relating to Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013 the European Commission published a new legislative proposal on the 
Financial Transaction Tax (the "FTT"). The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could 
apply, under certain circumstances to certain dealings in the Notes (see "Taxation"). 
According to trade press reports, the European Commission confirmed that a ministerial 
meeting to find an agreement on the issue will take place by mid-2018.

--- Page 49 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 46 - 
47-41037952 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditors’ report 
thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 
(the "2021 Consolidated Financial Statements"), which can be found on the Issuer’s 
website at: 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2022/reports/2021-consolidated-financial-
statements.pdf 
2. 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditors’ report 
thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 
(the "2020 Consolidated Financial Statements"), which can be found on the Issuer’s 
website at: 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2021/reports/2020-consolidated-financial-
statements.pdf; 
3. 
the interim report on operations of the Issuer in respect of the quarter as at 31 March 
2022, containing the unaudited interim consolidated financial information as at and for 
the period ended 31 March 2022 (the "Q1 2022 Interim Report"), which can be found 
on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/content/dam/acea-corporate/acea-
foundation/pdf/en/company/investors/2022/reports/interim-report-on-operations-as-at-
31-march-2022.pdf 
The parts of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements and the Q1 2022 Interim Report that are not listed in the cross 
reference list and therefore are not incorporated by reference are either not relevant for 
investors or covered in another part of the Base Prospectus; 
provided, however, that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information 
or in any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base 
Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference modifies 
or supersedes such statement provided that such modifying or superseding statement is made 
by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge at the specified office of the Listing 
Agent in Luxembourg, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer (https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en). 
In addition, this Base Prospectus will be available in electronic form on Issuer's website at:

--- Page 50 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 47 - 
47-41037952 
 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en/investors/financial-structure/emtn-programme. 
Cross-reference list 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for (i) the notes and the auditor’s report 
in respect of the consolidated financial statements of Acea as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 and (ii) the information included in the Q1 2022 
Interim Report.

--- Page 51 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 48 - 
47-41037952 
 
 
 
2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Page 
number(s) 
Consolidated Income Statement 
218 
Consolidated Statement of comprehensive income 
219 
Consolidated Statement of financial position 
220-221 
Consolidated Cash Flow statement 
222-223 
Consolidated Statement of changes in Shareholders’ equity 
224 
Notes to the Consolidated income statement 
225-234 
Notes to the Consolidated statement of financial position 
235-256 
Commitments and Contingencies 
257 
Service concession arrangements 
274-289 
Update on major disputes and litigation 
293-303 
Reference context 
34-60 
Operating segments 
62-105 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
324-333 
 
 
2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 
Page 
number(s) 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
217 
Comprehensive Consolidated Income Statement 
218 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
219 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
220 
Consolidated Statement of changes in Shareholders’ equity 
221 
Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
222-230 
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
231-249 
Commitments and Contingencies 
250 
Update on major disputes and litigation 
275-283 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
306-316 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q.1 2022 Interim Report 
Page 
number(s) 
Summary of Results 
6-15 
Reference context 
16-17 
Operating segments  
18-30 
Significant Events during the period and afterwards 
31-32 
Form and Structure 
34-35 
Consolidation Policies, Procedures and Scope 
36-37 
Scope of Consolidation 
37-40 
Accounting Standards and Measurement Criteria 
41-42 
Consolidated Income Statement 
43 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
44 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
45 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
46 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ equity 
47

--- Page 52 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 49 - 
47-41037952 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the 
rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a 
Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which 
is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will 
be contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction 
with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final 
Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to 
the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed 
as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.  
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes, including any sections of the Base 
Prospectus which may be incorporated by reference therein.

--- Page 53 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 50 - 
47-41037952 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note 
(each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking SA 
("Clearstream") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream.  
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow eligibility with regards to the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"). Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as 
defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the 
Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in 
such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form 
are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB 
credit operations" of the Eurosystem, provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the 
same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered 
by Euroclear and Clearstream as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States 
Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the 
TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes

--- Page 54 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 51 - 
47-41037952 
 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No 
payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of 
a Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the 
aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of paragraph (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under 
the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 55 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 52 - 
47-41037952 
 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at 
the request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a 
Temporary Global Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note 
becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Note 
becomes void (in the case of paragraph (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of paragraph (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 56 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 53 - 
47-41037952 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable 
or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but 
not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.  
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under 
the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes:

--- Page 57 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 54 - 
47-41037952 
 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under 
the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note or a Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive 
Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown 
as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing 
system.

--- Page 58 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 55 - 
47-41037952 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and 
will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and 
conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes 
in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 59 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 56 - 
47-41037952 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the 
case of any Tranche of Notes which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other 
than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant 
Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to 
this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of 
any Tranche of Notes may complete any information any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Acea S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 20 July 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer and BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which 
expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together with the 
Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available for viewing at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial specified 
office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies 
of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 60 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 57 - 
47-41037952 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yieldˮ has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)ˮ means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)ˮ means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in Luxembourg and each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 61 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 58 - 
47-41037952 
 
(d) 
"FRN 
Convention", 
"Floating 
Rate 
Convention" or 
"Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "Change of Control" will be deemed to occur if more than 50 per cent. of the share 
capital of the Issuer, or more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable 
at a general meeting of the Issuer, is acquired by any person or Persons (other than the 
Reference Shareholder) acting in concert; 
a "Change of Control Put Event" will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
a Change of Control occurs; and 
(b) 
at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control, the Notes carry any of 
the following: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or 
better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of 
the occurrence of the Change of Control either downgraded to a non-
investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) 
or withdrawn and is not within such 180-day period subsequently (in the 
case of a downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by 
such Rating Agency or (in the case of a withdrawal) replaced by an 
investment grade credit rating from any other Rating Agency; or

--- Page 62 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 59 - 
47-41037952 
 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of 
the occurrence of the Change of Control downgraded by one or more 
notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within 
such 180-day period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or 
better by such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within 90 days of the 
occurrence of the Change of Control an investment grade credit rating 
to the Notes 
(each, a "Rating Event"); and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) 
resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control; 
"Control" will have the meaning set forth in Article 93 of Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and the relevant implementing regulations; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA )" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
"Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 63 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 60 - 
47-41037952 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 64 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 61 - 
47-41037952 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the 
Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day of the 
Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period;

--- Page 65 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 62 - 
47-41037952 
 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Banking 
Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated 
currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the 
designated distributor); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
"Indebtedness" shall be construed so as to include any obligation for the payment or 
repayment of money, whether present or future, actual or contingent; 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present or future Indebtedness for 
money borrowed; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the 
relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar

--- Page 66 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 63 - 
47-41037952 
 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the 
relevant redemption date); 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of Baa3 by Moody’s and/or BBB- by Fitch 
or any successor to any of them from time to time; 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Amount" means, in respect of any Note, as determined by the 
Reference Dealers, the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on the Note (not including any interest accrued on 
the Note to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date (Call)) discounted to the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (based on the actual number of 
days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at the Reference Bond 
Rate plus the Redemption Margin; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
a "material part" means 15 per cent. or more by value of the whole; 
"Material Subsidiary" at any time shall include a Subsidiary of the Issuer (inter alia): 
(a) whose revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries and without taking into account intra-group revenues) or whose total assets 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries and without 
taking into account assets due to intra-group transactions) represent not less than 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated revenues or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets of 
the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated 
respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the 
case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries; or (b) to which is transferred 
the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material Subsidiary; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rating" means: 
(a) 
if, immediately prior to the announcement of the amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring of the Issuer, the Notes carried

--- Page 67 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 64 - 
47-41037952 
 
a credit rating equal to or higher than an Investment Grade Rating, the higher of 
(1) an Investment Grade Rating, and (2) a credit rating that is not more than 3 
notches lower than the rating assigned by the Rating Agencies to, or carried by, 
the Notes immediately prior to the announcement of the amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring of the Issuer; 
(b) 
if, immediately prior to the announcement of the amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring of the Issuer, the Notes carried 
a credit rating lower than an Investment Grade Rating, a credit rating that is not 
lower than the rating assigned by the Rating Agencies to, or carried by, the 
Notes immediately prior to the announcement of the amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, a redemption 
amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes or a 
redemption amount per Note equal to the greater of 100 per cent. of the nominal amount 
of the Notes and the Make-Whole Amount, as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities 
which adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre

--- Page 68 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 65 - 
47-41037952 
 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
demerger, consolidation or restructuring whilst solvent whereby the assets and 
undertaking of the Issuer (or, in the case of a demerger, all or substantially all of such 
assets and undertaking) are vested in a body corporate in good standing and (A) such 
body corporate (i) assumes or, if the surviving entity is the Issuer, maintains liability as 
principal debtor in respect of the Notes and (ii) continues substantially to carry on the 
business of the Issuer as reported in the Issuer’s most recently published audited 
financial statements immediately prior to the amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
demerger, consolidation or restructuring; and (B) following the completion of the 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation or restructuring, the 
Notes continue to carry by each Rating Agency that rated the Notes prior to the 
announcement of the amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation 
or restructuring a rating at least equal to the Minimum Rating;  
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest arising solely by operation of law; 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing over the assets of a company which becomes a 
Material Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date of the relevant Final Terms where 
such Security Interest already exists at the time that such a company becomes a 
Material Subsidiary of the Issuer (provided that such Security Interest was not 
created in contemplation of, or in connection with, that company becoming a 
Material Subsidiary of the Issuer and provided further that the amounts secured 
have not been increased in contemplation of, or in connection with, that 
company becoming a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer); and 
(c) 
any Security Interest to secure Relevant Indebtedness upon, or with respect to, 
any of its present or future assets (including receivables) or revenues or any part 
thereof which is created pursuant to any securitisation, asset backed financing 
or like arrangement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, Project Finance 
Indebtedness (as defined below), whereby all payment obligations in respect of 
the Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of the 
Relevant Indebtedness, as the case may be, secured by such Security Interest or 
having the benefit of such secured guarantee or other indemnity, are to be 
discharged solely from such assets (including receivables) or revenues; 
(d) 
any Security Interest in existence on the relevant Issue Date of each Series of 
Notes, provided that the principal amount secured by the Security Interest is not 
subsequently increased and the Security Interest remains limited to all or part of 
the same property and assets that originally secured the Security Interest; and 
(e)  
any Security Interest created in substitution of any security permitted under 
paragraphs (a) to (d) above, provided that the principal amount secured by the 
substitute Security Interest does not exceed the principal amount secured by the 
initial Security Interest.

--- Page 69 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 66 - 
47-41037952 
 
 "Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Persons Acting in Concert" will have the meaning set forth in Article 101-bis of 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and relevant implementing 
measures; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as 
is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Project Finance Indebtedness" means any present or future Indebtedness incurred in 
financing the acquisition, development, leasing and/or operation of an asset or assets 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, concessions), whether or not an asset of a 
member of the Group, in respect of which the Person or Persons to whom any such 
Indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant issuer (whether or not a member of the 
Group) has or have no recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group for the 
repayment thereof other than: 
(a) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or the net cash flow (other than 
historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or assets or the 
income or other proceeds deriving therefrom; and/or 
(b) 
recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of 
such indebtedness in an enforcement of any Security Interest given by such 
issuer over such asset or assets or the income, cash flow or other proceeds, 
deriving therefrom (or given by any shareholder or the like, including any 
member of the Group, in the issuer over its shares or the like in the capital of 
the borrower) to secure such Relevant Indebtedness, 
provided that (a) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the amount of any 
recoveries made on any such enforcement, and (b) such Person or Persons is/are not 
entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such 
Indebtedness, to commence proceedings of whatever nature against any member of the 
Group. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 70 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 67 - 
47-41037952 
 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means each of Moody’s and Fitch and any of their respective 
successors; and 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Issuer and/or an independent advisor in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual 
yield to maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer 
outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 
11.00 a.m. (London time) on the third business day in London preceding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers;  
"Reference Dealers" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
two independent and internationally recognised dealer in obligations similar to the 
Notes selected by the Issuer;  
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Shareholder" means the Municipality of Rome. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular

--- Page 71 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 68 - 
47-41037952 
 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or 
represented or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or other securities for the time 
being are, are intended to be (with the consent of the Issuer), or are capable of being 
quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over the counter of other 
securities market; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
is or becomes subject in respect of its income by reason of its tax residence or a 
permanent establishment maintained therein. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the 
amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to 
change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws 
of any jurisdiction;

--- Page 72 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 69 - 
47-41037952 
 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by 
law or in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be consolidated 
with those of the Issuer. 
"substantial part" means 50 per cent. or more by value of the whole. 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which 
was launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 73 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 70 - 
47-41037952 
 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of 
any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status  
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to Condition 5 (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation 
and subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank equally with all its other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) 
the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or 
have outstanding any Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon 
the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including 
any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or payment under any 
guarantee or indemnity granted by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in respect of 
any Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior thereto according to the 
Notes the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant 
Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by a 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes:  
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; or

--- Page 74 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 71 - 
47-41037952 
 
(ii) 
if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply.  
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the 
Notes: 
(i) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; or 
(ii) 
if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the

--- Page 75 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 72 - 
47-41037952 
 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject as provided in Condition 7(i) 
below: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable:  
(A) 
the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed by the Issuer will 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, 
that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be

--- Page 76 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 73 - 
47-41037952 
 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the 
meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but 
(in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any 
event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation

--- Page 77 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 74 - 
47-41037952 
 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish 
only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination.  
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement:  
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 7, if the Issuer or Calculation Agent 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Reference Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Reference Rate, and in each case an Adjustment 
Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the "IA Determination 
Cut-off Date"), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i) during any other 
future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than 
three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period (the "Issuer Determination Cut-off Date"), for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest 
Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(i) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take 
into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) in accordance with this Condition 7(i):

--- Page 78 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 75 - 
47-41037952 
 
(A) such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 7(i)); 
(B) if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(I) determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
7(i)); or 
(II)is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
7(i)); and 
(C) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion 
specify: 
(I) changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) any Reference Banks, 
Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, 
Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Financial 
Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page (all as defined in the Final Terms) 
applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to 
the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(II) any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the 
proper operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i); and 
(iv) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 7(i)(iii)(C) to the 
Fiscal Paying Agent and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 79 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 76 - 
47-41037952 
 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with 
effecting the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) as described in this Condition 7(i) or such other 
relevant changes pursuant to Condition 7(i)(iii)(C), including any changes 
to these Conditions and the Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of 
this Condition 7(i) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, 
then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined 
by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 7(c). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(i): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged), the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the 
relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and 
of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate

--- Page 80 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 77 - 
47-41037952 
 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of 
its relevant underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each 
case by a specific date within the following six months; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as amended from time to 
time, if applicable) for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (v), the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on the later of (a) the date which is six months prior to the date of the cessation 
of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case 
may be and (b) the date of the relevant public statement. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant 
to the operation of this Condition 7(i). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which

--- Page 81 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 78 - 
47-41037952 
 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Reference Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being not applicable, and provided that if either the Floating-
Fixed Rate Note Provisions or the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, such time of 
redemption does not fall during an Interest Period the Rate of Interest in respect 
of which is calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions; or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
in each case, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms, 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together 
with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:

--- Page 82 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 79 - 
47-41037952 
 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court 
of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which the agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date, 60 days (or such other period as may be specified in the 
relevant final terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the 
Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, 
the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to, but excluding,

--- Page 83 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 80 - 
47-41037952 
 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call)). Any notice so given shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes on the Optional Redemption Date (Call) accordingly. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes 
so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(e) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the 
Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the "Clean-Up Call Option") but subject to having 
given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice to the Noteholders, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption shall be 
at par together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Any Notes that have been redeemed and cancelled by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) at an Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
equal to the Make-Whole Amount shall not be considered as purchased and cancelled 
for the purposes of this Condition 9(e) (Clean-Up Call Option). 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put 
Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest 
(if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 9(f), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together 
with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is 
so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the 
depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in 
the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance

--- Page 84 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 81 - 
47-41037952 
 
with this Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event: If at any 
time while the Notes remain outstanding a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the 
holder of any Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of 
Control Put Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or, if applicable, 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) to require the Issuer to redeem 
such Note on the Change of Control Put Date at its Change of Control Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the Change of Control Put 
Date. 
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the Issuer shall, within 14 days of the 
occurrence of such Change of Control Put Event, give notice (a "Change of Control 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the option contained 
in this Condition 9(g). 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this Note must 
deliver this Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during the 
normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the period (the "Change of 
Control Put Period") of 45 days after that on which a Change of Control Notice is 
given, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
"Change of Control Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition. All unmatured coupons shall be 
dealt with in accordance with the provisions of Condition 10 (Payments). The Paying 
Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered will issue to 
the holder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a "Change of Control Put Receipt") 
in respect of the Note so delivered. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes in respect of 
which Change of Control Put Receipt have been issued on the date (the "Change of 
Control Put Date") being the tenth day after the date of expiry of the Change of Control 
Put Period, provided, however, that if, prior to the Change of Control Put Date, any 
such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Note on the Change of Control Put Date, payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Change of Control Put Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
specified office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the 
relevant Change of Control Put Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by 
a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(g), the depositor of such Note and 
not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
Payment in respect of any Note will be made on the Change of Control Put Date by 
transfer to the bank account (if any) specified in the Change of Control Put Notice and, 
in every other case on or after the Change of Control Put Date, in each case against 
presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such Change of 
Control Put Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 9(g).

--- Page 85 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 82 - 
47-41037952 
 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note 
at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price (provided that they are purchased together 
with all unmatured Coupons relating to them). 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed pursuant to the Conditions and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them will be cancelled and may not be re-
issued or resold. All Notes purchased in accordance with Condition 9(j) (Purchase) and 
any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them may be held, re-issued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency 
is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained 
by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency.  
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed 
Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the 
Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is 
permitted by applicable United States law.

--- Page 86 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 83 - 
47-41037952 
 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of 
the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment 
is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be 
that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the 
gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order 
of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of 
such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where 
this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons.  
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date 
for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to

--- Page 87 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 84 - 
47-41037952 
 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer), Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9(g) 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event) or 
Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or 
not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of 
any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a 
statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any 
Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 13 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any 
Relevant Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the 
event that any such withholding or deduction is imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within any Relevant Jurisdiction, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable: 
(i) 
in the case of any Note and/or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf 
of a holder who is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 88 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 85 - 
47-41037952 
 
(ii) 
if such Note or Coupon is presented for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on 
the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Note and/or Coupon presented for payment in the Republic of 
Italy; or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Note and/or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf of a 
holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by 
making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to 
the relevant tax authority; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to 
European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any other Directive, law or 
agreement implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform 
to, such Directive; or 
(vi) 
in the case of any Note and/or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf 
of a Noteholder or a Couponholder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another 
Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(vii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other 
proceeds of any Note or Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1st April 1996 ("Decree No. 239") and 
any related implementing regulations (as the same may be amended or 
supplemented at the date of issue of the Notes); or 
(viii) in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-
Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident 
in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with the Italian authorities (the states allowing for an adequate exchange of 
information with the Republic of Italy are those listed in Ministerial Decree of 
4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented). 
12. 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer (1) fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes 
when due and such failure continues for a period of seven days, or (2) fails to pay any 
amount of interest in respect of the Notes when due and such failure continues for a 
period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: without prejudice to Condition 12(a), the Issuer does not 
perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the Notes which 
default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 30 days after notice of such 
default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any 
Noteholder; or

--- Page 89 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 86 - 
47-41037952 
 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, 
event of default or the like (howsoever described), or  
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness) is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable 
grace period, or  
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect 
of, any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness),  
provided that the aggregate amount of the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, 
guarantees and/or indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned 
in this Condition 12(c) have occurred (in the case of (iii) taking into account only the 
amount which the relevant person has failed to pay) equals or exceeds €30,000,000 or 
its equivalent in any other currency (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this Condition 
operates); or 
(d) 
Enforcement: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced 
or sued out on or against all or a substantial part of the property, assets or revenues of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 45 
days; or  
(e) 
Security enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, created or 
assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in respect of all or a substantial 
part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer becomes enforceable and any step 
is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
manager or other similar person); or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, 
deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, 
suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of its debts, 
proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is 
agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or a material part of the debts of the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except 
for the purpose of and followed by (A) a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger, demerger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by a resolution of the 
Noteholders, or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby all or substantially all 
of the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred, sold,

--- Page 90 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 87 - 
47-41037952 
 
contributed, assigned to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Material 
Subsidiaries, or (B) a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction 
has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in the paragraphs above. 
Then any Note may, by notice in writing given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office 
by the holder, be declared immediately due and payable whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its principal amount together with accrued interest 
without further formality unless such event of default shall have been remedied prior to 
the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement 
and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a paying agent in an EU member state that 
will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council 
Directive 2003/48/EC; and

--- Page 91 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 88 - 
47-41037952 
 
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Noteholders’ Representative; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: the Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including 
the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be 
made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution, the following provisions shall apply in respect of the 
Notes but are subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and 
regulations of Italy in force from time to time and, where applicable Italian law so 
requires, the Issuer’s by laws: 
(i) 
a meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the Issuer and/or the Noteholders’ 
Representative (as defined below) and shall be convened by either of them upon 
the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one twentieth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(ii) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held (subject to any mandatory laws, 
legislation, rules and regulations of Italian law, as well as the Issuer’s by-laws, 
in force from time to time) if: (a) in respect of a meeting convened to pass a 
resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, there are one or more persons present 
being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes; or (b) in respect of a meeting 
convened to pass a resolution that does not relate to a Reserved Matter, (i) in 
the case of a sole meeting (convocazione unica), there are one or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes, (ii) in the case of a first meeting 
(prima convocazione), there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding at least one-half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes, (iii) in the case of a second meeting (seconda 
convocazione), there are one or more persons present being or representing 
Noteholders holding more than one-third of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes or (iv) in the case of any subsequent adjourned meeting 
(convocazioni successive), there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes; provided that the Issuer’s by-laws may in each 
case (to the extent permitted under the applicable laws and regulations of the 
Republic of Italy) provide for a higher quorum; and

--- Page 92 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 89 - 
47-41037952 
 
(iii) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution at any meeting 
(including any adjourned meeting) convened to vote on any resolution will be 
(a) for voting on any matter other than a Reserved Matter, one or more persons 
holding or representing at least two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting or (b) for voting on a Reserved 
Matter, the higher of (i) one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, and 
(ii) one or more persons holding or representing not less than two thirds of the 
Notes represented at the meeting, provided that, to the extent permitted under 
applicable provisions of Italian law, the Issuer’s by-laws may in each case 
provide for higher majorities. Any resolution duly passed at any such meeting 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting and on all Couponholders. 
(b) 
Noteholders’ Representative: a representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante 
comune) (the "Noteholders’ Representative"), subject to applicable provisions of 
Italian law, may be appointed pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order 
to represent the Noteholders’ interests under these Conditions and to give effect to 
resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the Noteholders’ Representative 
is not appointed by a resolution of such Noteholders, the Noteholders’ Representative 
shall be appointed by a decree of the court where the Issuer has its registered office at 
the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the directors of the Issuer. 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three 
years but may be reappointed again thereafter. 
(c) 
Modification: the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree, without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any provision of the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct 
a manifest error and (ii) any other modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach, of any provision of the Agency Agreement which in the 
opinion of the Issuer is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders. These Conditions may be amended by the parties to the Agency 
Agreement, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to correct a 
manifest error. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
Without prejudice to any further formalities and other requirements set out under any 
applicable Italian laws and regulations (including Article 125-bis of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended), notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which 
is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to

--- Page 93 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 90 - 
47-41037952 
 
be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall 
have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the 
"first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) 
the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding  
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction  
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law. Conditions 16(a) and 16(b) are 
subject to compliance with mandatory provisions of Italian law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
(a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes ).

--- Page 94 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 91 - 
47-41037952 
 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue to the contrary.  
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 21(b) 
(English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 21 (Governing law and jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking 
proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. 
To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and 
any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be 
served on it by being delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th 
Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG or at any address of the Issuer in Great 
Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance with Parts 34 and 37 of the 
Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to 
accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand 
of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled 
to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall 
affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 95 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 92 - 
47-41037952 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
[Directive (EU) 2016/97/the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own

--- Page 96 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 93 - 
47-41037952 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of 
its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 
Act (2020 Revised Edition of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital 
markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Acea S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300Q3448N041CTH56 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 20 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] 
to the base prospectus dated [●] [●][and [●] [●]]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation")]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation] and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms are available for viewing at the Issuer’s website (www.acea.it) and will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can 
be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in

--- Page 97 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 94 - 
47-41037952 
 
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 25 below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [●]]]. 
2. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
 Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [●] 
(insert date, if applicable)] 
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiplies of [●] in 
excess thereof up to and including [●]]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [●]. 
 
 
(Under current practices of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, unless paragraph 25 (Form 
of Notes) below specifies that the 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
is 
to 
be 
exchanged for Definitive Notes "in the 
limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", Notes may only 
be issued in denominations which are 
integral multiples of the lowest Specified 
Denomination and may only be traded in 
such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form.) 
(Notes, including Notes denominated in 
Sterling, in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less 
than one year must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. There must be

--- Page 98 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 95 - 
47-41037952 
 
a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[●] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
 Interest Basis: 
[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [EURIBOR +/– 
[●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed-Floating Rate]  
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs 
[13/14/15/16/17] below) 
9. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount. 
10. 
 Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] [Specify the date 
when any fixed or floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
(Fixed Rate Note Provisions) and 14 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions) below 
and identify these] 
11. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs [18/19/20/21] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12. 
 [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 99 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 96 - 
47-41037952 
 
13. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable 
for the period starting from [●] [and 
including] [●] ending on [but excluding] 
[●]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Applicable 
for the period starting from [●] [and 
including] [●] ending on [but excluding] 
[●]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[●], 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business Day Convention set out in sub-
paragraph (v) below] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of 
each Interest Period (and consequently, 
also adjusts the length of the Interest 
Period and the amount of interest due). In 
relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders 
are 
entitled 
to 
receive 
payment 
of 
interest, 
see 
also 
Condition 10(g) (Payments - Payments on 
business days) and the defined term 
"Payment Business Day".)

--- Page 100 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 97 - 
47-41037952 
 
 
(iv) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]): 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(Conditions 7(c) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions – Screen Rate 
Determination) and 7(d)) 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions 
– ISDA Determination)) 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
EURIBOR 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters]/[EUR-EURIBOR] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be 
selected from one of: EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 
EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions

--- Page 101 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 98 - 
47-41037952 
 
apply) (each as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions). 
These 
are 
the 
options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
• Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• Reset Date: 
[•]/[as 
specified 
in 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in [(vi)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• Additional terms relating to the 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Interest 
Period(s) 
ending 
on 
(but 
excluding) 
[●], 
then 
calculated 
in 
accordance with paragraph 14 (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) above.] 
16. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [●], 
then 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
paragraph 13 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
above.] 
17. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 /

--- Page 102 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 99 - 
47-41037952 
 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[The greater 
of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount 
of the Notes and (ii) the Make-Whole 
Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-
Whole amount) 
[[●] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference 
Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-
Whole amount) 
[insert applicable reference bond]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reference 
Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-
Whole amount) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 103 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 100 - 
47-41037952 
 
20. 
 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[(i) 
Change of Control 
Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:] 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
22. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●][per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
per Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons:  
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
24. 
Early Termination Amount per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] 
days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice]* 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
(*Notes may only be issued pursuant to 
this option in amounts equal to the 
Specified 
Denomination 
or 
integral 
multiples thereof) 
26. 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
27. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 104 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 101 - 
47-41037952 
 
28. 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No]. [As the Notes have more than 
27 coupon payments, talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Acea S.p.A.: 
 
By: ....................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 105 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 102 - 
47-41037952 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] 
made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [(specify 
relevant regulated market)] with effect 
from [●].]/[Not Applicable]1 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue 
need to indicate that original securities 
are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses of 
admission to trading: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]2 
2. 
 RATINGS 
[The Notes are not expected to be 
rated]/[The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated: 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.]  
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation including option to refer to 
any endorsement or certification under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
 
1  
Insert "Not Applicable" where the Notes are not to be admitted to trading. 
2  
Insert "Not Applicable" where the Notes are not to be admitted to trading.

--- Page 106 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 103 - 
47-41037952 
 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
but 
has 
applied 
for 
registration. Details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not 
yet 
been provided 
by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities

--- Page 107 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 104 - 
47-41037952 
 
and Markets Authority]. / [European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
and 
not 
applied 
for 
registration and details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as

--- Page 108 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 105 - 
47-41037952 
 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation 
(UK)").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK – 
including 
option 
to 
refer 
to 
any 
endorsement or certification under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is

--- Page 109 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 106 - 
47-41037952 
 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular UK credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) on [UK FCA's Financial Services 
Register]]. [The rating [insert legal name of 
particular UK credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of EU credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular UK credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation)").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (EU)]. 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the 
EEA but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
CRA which is established and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of EU credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA

--- Page 110 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 107 - 
47-41037952 
 
Regulation") [and] [insert legal name of UK 
credit rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")  
 
Option 6 – CRA not established in the 
EEA and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the UK CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA but is certified under [Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")] 
[and] 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in the 
EEA nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or

--- Page 111 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 108 - 
47-41037952 
 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. 
May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
[[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether 
such matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger 
the need for a supplement to Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (If the Notes are 
Green Bonds, describe the relevant projects 
to which the net proceeds of the Tranche of 
Notes will be applied or make reference to 
the relevant bond framework to which the 
net proceeds of the Tranche of Notes will 
be applied.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
 YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
 HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[Details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from Reuters]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
 [THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the

--- Page 112 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 109 - 
47-41037952 
 
information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information]./ [Not Applicable.]] 
8. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" 
simply means that the Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
 
 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
SA 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[[Not Applicable]/[●] (give name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
identification 
number(s))] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 113 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 110 - 
47-41037952 
 
9. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA 
C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(iii) If syndicated: 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph (iii)) 
 
(a) Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments 
[●] 
 
(b) Stabilising Manager(s) if any 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(c) If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 114 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 111 - 
47-41037952 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
"Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the 
Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by 
the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any 
rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so 
long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and 
(in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the 
Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge 
the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a 
payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN 
the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is 
euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency 
of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 9(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption of the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event) 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the

--- Page 115 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 112 - 
47-41037952 
 
Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation 
to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal 
amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global 
Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 116 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 113 - 
47-41037952 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of any issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, a particular use of proceeds is identified, such 
use of proceeds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If a Tranche of Notes to be issued is described as "Green Bonds", the applicable Final Terms 
will describe the relevant "green" projects to which the net proceeds of the Tranche of Notes 
will be applied and refer to the relevant green bond framework, if any. A Tranche of Notes will 
be described as "Green Bonds" only if the net proceeds of such Tranche of Notes will be used 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, an Eligible Green Project.  
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects falling within the broad categorisation of "Green 
Project" pursuant to the then applicable "Green Bond Principles" published by the International 
Capital Markets Association (ICMA). 
Any green bond framework and any Second-party Opinion will be made available on the 
Issuer’s website. The green bond framework may also be subject to review and change and 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and 
any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. For 
the avoidance of doubt, none of these documents are incorporated into, or form part of, the 
Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects 
meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of Notes issued under the 
Programme.

--- Page 117 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 114 - 
47-41037952 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW 
ACEA S.p.A. ("ACEA", "Acea" or the "Issuer") is a joint stock company (società per azioni) 
incorporated and operating under Italian law. Its registered office and principal place of 
business is at Piazzale Ostiense, 2, 00154 Rome, Italy and it is registered with the Companies’ 
Register of Rome under number 05394801004. ACEA may be contacted by telephone on +39 
0657991. 
ACEA was incorporated on 29 September 1997. Pursuant to Article 3 of its by-laws, the 
corporate existence of ACEA is set to end on 31 December 2050, but this term may be 
extended. 
Pursuant to Article 4 of its by-laws, the main corporate purposes of the Issuer are: (i) the 
procurement, generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electric power and heat deriving 
from an energy source, in accordance with applicable provisions of law; (ii) the integrated 
management of the water resources including the collection, conduction, distribution, 
sewerage, purification and treatment as well as protection, monitoring and expansion of water 
basins; (iii) the management of public fountains and ornamental fountains; (iv) the planning, 
implementation and management of systems for public lighting as well as traffic lights and 
circulation-linked systems; and (v) the promotion, the diffusion and the implementation of 
actions and plants supplied with renewable and similar energy sources. 
The ordinary shares of ACEA have been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since 1999. As 
at 11 July 2022, ACEA had a market capitalisation of Euro 3.030.490.527 million, ACEA has 
been assigned a Baa2 issuer rating with a "stable outlook" by Moody’s and a BBB+ long-term 
issuer default rating with a "stable outlook" by Fitch, a subsidiary of Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
Moody’s and Fitch are established in the European Union and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, Fitch and Moody’s are included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published 
by 
the 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
available 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. 
ACEA is the parent company of an integrated group consisting of ACEA and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (collectively, the "Group" or the "ACEA Group"). The Group is an industrial 
group active in the management of energy, environmental and water services: the production, 
sale and distribution of energy, the development of renewable energy sources, the disposal and 
creation of energy from waste, public lighting and an integrated water service (aqueducts, 
sewerage and purification). The Group mainly operates in Italy (primarily in Rome as well as 
throughout other parts of Italy) and, to a lesser extent, with respect to the water sector, outside 
Italy (Honduras, Peru, Colombia and the Dominican Republic). 
The Group provides services in, and focuses on, the consolidation and creation of value from, 
seven main business areas: 
− water sector, carrying out the activities of collection, transportation, distribution, 
treatment and sewerage; 
− energy infrastructure sector, carrying out the activities of energy distribution and 
public lighting;

--- Page 118 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 115 - 
47-41037952 
 
− generation, carrying out the activities of power generation, energy efficiency projects 
and energy solutions; 
− commercial and trading sector, carrying out the activities of energy and gas trading, 
sale of electricity and gas and district heating;  
− engineering and services sector, carrying out the activities of laboratory analysis, 
research and planning; 
− environment sector, carrying out the activities of waste to energy and organic waste 
to compost conversion; and 
− overseas, using the Group’s know-how and distinctive expertise in managing 
infrastructure and export the business in which the Group operates (mainly water 
services in Latin America area). 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2021, the consolidated revenues of the ACEA Group 
amounted to approximately Euro 3,972 million (an increase of 17.6 per cent. compared to the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020). For the financial year ended 31 December 2021, the 
consolidated EBITDA of the ACEA Group amounted to approximately Euro 1,256.1 million 
(an increase of 8.7 per cent, compared to the financial year ended 31 December 2020).  
For the three-month period ended 31 March 2022, the consolidated revenues of the ACEA 
Group amounted to approximately Euro 1,192.5 million (an increase of 28.2 per cent. compared 
to the three-month period ended 31 March 2021). For the three-month period ended 31 March 
2022, the consolidated EBITDA of the ACEA Group amounted to approximately Euro 318.2 
million (an increase of 2.1 per cent, compared to the three-month period ended 31 March 2021). 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENTS 
ACEA was founded by the Municipality of Rome as a municipal company in 1909 under the 
original name Azienda Elettrica Municipale ("AEM") for the purpose of providing energy 
services for public and private usage throughout the Municipality of Rome. In 1937, the 
Governor of Rome entrusted AEM with the construction and administration of the municipal 
water system and water distribution network for the city of Rome. AEM was subsequently 
renamed Azienda Governatoriale Elettricità e Acque ("AGEA") and AGEA in 1945 became 
Azienda Comunale Elettricità e Acque ("A.C.E.A."). In 1964, following the expiry of a water 
concession previously held by another operator, the Municipality of Rome transferred to 
A.C.E.A. the assets used to conduct that operator’s water distribution business, notably the 
aqueduct of Marcio, bringing municipal water distribution under its sole control. In 1985, 
A.C.E.A. began water purification activities, servicing a customer base of approximately three 
million residents, which step constituted the foundation of its integrated management services 
for the entire water cycle. In 1989, A.C.E.A. adopted the name of Azienda Comunale Energia 
e Ambiente and took over the management of the public lighting services within the 
Municipality of Rome. Three years later it was transformed from a municipal company 
(azienda municipalizzata) into a special company (azienda speciale) and, with effect from 1 
January 1998, was incorporated as a joint stock company under Italian law no. 142 of 8 June 
1990, adopting its present name (i.e. ACEA S.p.A.).

--- Page 119 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 116 - 
47-41037952 
 
In 2001, ACEA became the third largest electricity distributor in Italy in terms of volumes 
distributed3, acquiring the electricity distribution division for the metropolitan area of Rome 
from Enel Distribuzione S.p.A. 
In 2002, ACEA and Electrabel S.A. ("Electrabel"), a Belgian company and a member of the 
GDFSuez Group (previously the Suez Group), entered into a strategic joint venture (named 
AceaElectrabel) to develop energy activity in Italy: notably, production, trading and sales to 
free market consumers and customers under contract. The first full year of operation of the 
joint venture was 2003. 
In the same year, ACEA and Electrabel, operating through a newly-incorporated company 
EblAcea S.p.A. ("EblAcea") participated in the consortium that purchased Interpower S.p.A. 
("Interpower"), the third and final generation company sold by Enel S.p.A. as part of the 
generation downsizing programme imposed on Enel S.p.A. pursuant to the Bersani Decree. 
Interpower, now renamed Tirreno Power S.p.A., is the fourth largest electricity generator in 
Italy4. 
In the same year, ACEA took over management of the whole sewerage system in Rome. 
In 2004, ACEA launched the integrated water service in the ATO 2 area (Rome – Central 
Latium) and in the same year won the right to manage the service in new areas, consolidating 
its national leadership in water management. ACEA also purchased a stake in Tirreno Power 
S.p.A. in the same year and established a plan to increase energy production.  
In 2006, ACEA purchased A.R.I.A S.p.A. (previously named TAD Energia Ambiente), 
entering the waste to energy market. 
In 2010, the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved a preliminary termination agreement of 
the Acea-Electrabel joint venture between ACEA and GDF Suez Energia Italiana S.p.A. 
("GSEI"). The unwinding of the joint venture between ACEA and GSEI was completed on 31 
March 2011. For further details on this joint venture and its unwinding, please see "Description 
of the Issuer – Principal activities – Energy" below. 
In 2011, ACEA Distribuzione S.p.A., following the admission to an incentive treatment granted 
by the ARERA, started the development of the Smart Grid pilot project. 
On 23 January 2012, the purchase of the Piazzale Ostiense site was completed, taking 
advantage of the opportunity presented by the disposal carried out by Beni Stabili, by 
exercising the right of first offer set out in the lease, for a purchase price equal to Euro 
110,000,000. 
In 2012, in accordance with the general guidelines of the Group strategy aimed at monetising 
the Group’s non-core assets, the Group sold Apollo S.r.l., a company engaged in the 
photovoltaic business, to RTR Capital S.r.l. (a company within the Terra Firma group). 
During the same year, the Group launched Project Acea 2.0 to enable the Issuer to fully 
integrate and manage all business processes using innovative mobile technologies. This 
innovation program was made possible by the new work force management system, a digital 
IT platform – developed by SAP Italia S.p.A. ("SAP") – that allows the Issuer to coordinate 
 
3  
Source: data elaborated by the Issuer’s management on the basis of publicly available information. 
4 
Source: data elaborated by the Issuer’s management on the basis of publicly available information.

--- Page 120 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 117 - 
47-41037952 
 
and monitor its activities and its suppliers in real time. The digitalization process initially 
involved the water networks in Rome and Frosinone and the electricity distribution network in 
Rome.  
On 26 September 2015, ACEA ATO 2 S.p.A. ("ACEA ATO 2") opened its "Operations 
Room", meeting the deadlines set out in the project roadmap planned in its first work order to 
SAP. On 28 September 2015, customers were welcomed at the offices and obtained access to 
services using the new systems. During 2016, other subsidiaries implemented Project Acea 2.0, 
introducing innovative management processes and systems.  
On 20 June 2016, Acea Distribuzione S.p.A., in compliance with the provisions of annex A to 
resolution 296/2015/R/com of the AEEGSI, changed its business name to ARETI S.p.A. 
("ARETI"), adopting a new logo for exclusive use by ARETI as of 1 July 2016. 
On 26 October 2020, the Board of Directors of Acea approved the 2020-2024 business plan 
(the “Business Plan”), which supersedes the previous 2019-2022 business plan approved on 2 
April 2019 (the “Previous Business Plan”). For further details and information on the Business 
Plan, please see "Description of the Issuer – Strategy" below. 
On 22 March 2022, Acea closed the agreement with the UK investment fund, Equitix, for the 
sale of a majority interest in its photovoltaic holding company to which ACEA’s photovoltaic 
assets were transferred for a total installed capacity of 105 MW. 
STRUCTURE OF THE GROUP 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group, which, as of 31 December 2021, was made up 
of 88 companies in which the Issuer holds shares, of which 66 are consolidated on the integral 
method and 22 are consolidated on shareholder’s equity.

--- Page 121 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 118 - 
47-41037952 
 
The following diagram illustrates the main companies of the Group as at 31 March 2022:   
 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
The Issuer exercises corporate, service, direction and control functions and its subsidiaries are 
operating companies in the integrated water services, energy infrastructure, commercial and 
trading of electric power and gas, environment, engineering and services and overseas sectors. 
The above principal activities are reconciled to the Group’s operating segments, which are 
presented consistently in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 2020, as follows: 
• Water services: includes the operations in the Italian Integrated Water Services 
operating segment; 
• Energy infrastructure: includes the operations in the Distribution and Public Lighting 
operating segments; 
• Generation: includes the operations in the Generation and “Industrial” Energy 
Efficiency operating segments; 
• Commercial and trading: includes the operations in the Energy Management, Sale and 
“Retail” Energy Efficiency operating segments; 
E N E R G Y  
I N F R A S T R U C T U R E  
96% 
Acea Ato2 
98% 
Acea Ato5 
99% 
Sarnese Vesuviano 
 
37% 
Gori 
100% 
Acea Molise 
99% 
Umbria Due Servizi Idrici 
 
40% 
Servizio Idrico Integrato 
99% 
Ombrone 
 
40% 
Acquedotto del Fiora 
77% 
Acque Blu Arno Basso 
 
45% 
Acque 
75% 
Acque Blu Fiorentine 
 
40% 
Publiacqua 
48% 
G.e.a.l. 
40% 
Umbra Acque 
35% 
Intesa Aretina 
 
46% 
Nuove Acque 
58% 
Gesesa 
51% 
Adistribuzionegas 
 
55% 
Notaresco Gas 
W A TE R 
100% Acea Energia 
 
50% 
Umbria Energy 
100% Acea Energy Management 
100% Acea Innovation 
C O M M E R C I A L  
&  T R A D I N G  
G E NE RA TI ON  
100%  
Acea Produzione  
 
100% Ecogena 
 
49% 
Energia 
 
100% Acea Solar 
 
 
100% SF Island 
 
100% Acea Renewabl 
 
40% 
AE Sun Capital 
 
 
100% Acea Sun Capital 
E N G I NEE R IN G  
100% 
Acea Elabori 
 
70% 
Simam 
100% 
Technologies Water Services 
44% 
Ingegnerie Toscane 
OVERSEAS 
100% Acea International 
 
100% Acea Dominican 
 
100% Acea Per 
 
61% 
Aguas de San Pedro 
 
100% Consorcio Acea-Acea Dom 
 
44% 
Consorcio Agua Azul 
51% 
Aguazul Bogotà 
ENVIRONMENT 
100% 
Acea Ambiente 
 
100% Demap 
 
90% 
AS Recycling 
 
80% 
Iseco 
 
60% 
Berg 
 
60% 
Cavallari 
 
60% 
Ferrocart 
 
60% 
MEG 
 
70% 
Serpast 
 
100% DECO 
 
 
100% Ecologica Sangro 
86% 
Aquaser 
51% 
Acque Industriali 
50% 
Ecomed 
100% 
Areti

--- Page 122 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 119 - 
47-41037952 
 
• Overseas: includes the operations in the Overseas operating segment; 
• Environment: includes the operations in the Environment (i.e. sludge management, 
treatment, recycling, waste to energy and waste disposal) operating segment; 
• Engineering and services: includes the operations in the Engineering & internal 
consultancy and Laboratory Analysis operating segments. 
The tables in this section set forth the contribution to revenues, costs, income from equity 
investments and gross operating profit (EBITDA) of each of the Group’s lines of business for 
the relevant reference period 5 . Such figures exclude intra-sector transactions between 
subsidiaries belonging to the same line of business, but show intra-group transactions, which 
are condensed with the holding corporate results. 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA) 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
 
millions of euro 
Water .....................................................  
655.3 
614.4 
Energy infrastructure ............................  
371.6 
367.6 
Generation 
79.5 
45.4 
Commercial and trading ........................  
80.5 
72.4 
Environment ..........................................  
63.7 
50.3 
Engineering and services ......................  
17.3 
14.7 
Overseas ................................................  
27.4 
25.3 
Corporate/Consolidation Adjs. .............  
(39.3) 
(34.6) 
Consolidated EBITDA ........................  
1,256.1 
1,155.5 
 
 
 
 
5  
In the following tables Revenues, Costs and EBITDA are data rounded to the first decimal figure. Due to this 
rounding the values shown may not correspond exactly to the sum of its parts.

--- Page 123 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 120 - 
47-41037952 
 
 
 
INTEGRATED WATER SERVICES AND GAS DISTRIBUTION 
The Group is the leading provider of integrated water services to the Italian water market and 
the largest operator in Italy with a current customer base of approximately, 9,000,000 Italian 
residents representing approximately 15 per cent. of the entire Italian market.  
In 2021, revenues from integrated water services amounted to Euro 1,237.9 million with an 
increase equal to Euro 29.5 million (2.4 per cent.) compared to the previous year (Euro 1,208.4 
million).  
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personal costs, Income from 
equity investments and EBITDA of the Group’s integrated water services business segment for 
the financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Integrated Water Services 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
1,237.9 
1,208.4 
Costs .................................................. 
582.6 
594.0 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
655.3 
614.4 
 
In Italy, the water sector (as well as the energy sector) is governed by the ARERA (formerly 
AEEGSI), an independent body established under Law no. 481 of 14 November 1995 in order 
to regulate and control the electricity and gas sectors. The ARERA was vested with extensive 
regulatory powers, as Article 21 of the so-called “Save Italy Decree” ordered the abolition of 
the national agency for regulating and supervising water matters (which had only recently been 
set up), providing that the related functions and intrinsic financial and instrumental resources 
should be transferred to the ARERA and to the Italian Ministry for the Environment. The 
district public authorities (the Autorità di Ambito Territoriale Ottimale or ATO6), in accordance 
with the provisions of the ARERA, give recommendations on the water tariff for the district 
subject to approval of the ARERA. 
Integrated water services in Italy are managed by ACEA under the concession regime (in 
regime di concessione) in the following Italian regions: 
(1) 
Lazio, where ACEA ATO 2 and ACEA ATO 5, respectively, provide their services in 
the provinces of Rome and Frosinone; 
(2) 
Campania, where Gori S.p.A. (“Gori”) and Gesesa S.p.A. (“Gesesa”), respectively, 
provides water services in part of the province of Salerno and in part of the province of 
Naples and in the provinces of Avellino and Benevento; 
(3) 
Tuscany, where the Group operates in the province of Pisa through Acque S.p.A., in 
the province of Florence through Publiacqua S.p.A., in the province of Arezzo through 
 
6  
For a detailed description of the ATO and the water tariff mechanism, please see "Regulation" below.

--- Page 124 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 121 - 
47-41037952 
 
Nuove Acque S.p.A., in the provinces of Siena and Grosseto through Acquedotto del 
Fiora S.p.A. and in the province of Lucca through Geal S.p.A.;  
(4) 
Umbria, where the Group operates in the province of Perugia through Umbra Acque 
S.p.A. and in the province of Terni through Umbriadue Servizi Idrici S.c.a.r.l. and 
Servizio Idrico Integrato S.c.p.a.; and 
(5) 
Molise, where the Group operates in the province of Campobasso through ACEA 
MOLISE S.r.l. 
The service provided by the Group comprises (i) the management of the entire cycle of 
integrated water services from withdrawal at the springs to transportation via aqueducts and 
the water network, (ii) the distribution of water to end users and (iii) the purification of waste 
water in treatment plants. 
Management of Water Services in Lazio 
ATO 2 Central Lazio 
The ACEA Group manages, as the sole operator, the integrated water services of ACEA ATO 
2, covering Rome and its province, one of the largest Italian integrated water districts in terms 
of geographic area.  
Supply sources supply drinking water are about 3,900,000 inhabitants of Rome and Fiumicino 
and more than 61 Municipalities of Lazio, through five aqueducts and a system of pipelines 
under pressure. Three additional sources of supply provide the resource not drinking water to 
be introduced into the Rome watering network. 
 
In 2021, ACEA ATO 2, in order to safeguard the sources of supply and implement an 
increasingly sustainable management of water resources, refined the study of the availability, 
in quantitative terms, of potential groundwater resources and the possible impacts related to 
the withdrawal of water resources through the monitoring of several variables and the 
implementation of appropriate interpretative models. One of the key goals of the Issuer is to 
reduce physical and commercial losses and improve network efficiency. The Issuer keeps 
implementing actions to achieve this goal. 
 
In particular, in 2021: 
• the districting of a further 3,049 km of the water network was completed. The districting 
of the networks, namely the delimitation of the distribution districts (or measurement 
districts), has the purpose of making the network operation more efficient, controlling 
in detail the level of losses in individual districts and guiding instrumental research 
activities for their reduction. Overall, as of 31 December 2021, there are approximately 
10,700 miles of districted water mains that are continuously and remotely monitored 
with 2,222 sensors installed in the field; 
• the search for hidden leaks was carried out through a punctual and systematic analysis 
of the networks according to the anomalies emerging from the monitoring of the water 
districts implemented; 
• more than 100 pressure regulation devices have been installed, capable of implementing 
an active management of pressure and reducing the frequency of occurrence of 
breakdowns in distribution networks;

--- Page 125 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 122 - 
47-41037952 
 
• implementation of remote monitoring of meters installed at supply sources continued, 
with the aim of optimising the quality of process measurement and the timeliness of 
measurement acquisition for the purpose of preparing a correct water balance; 
• in several rural areas, devices have been installed to regulate flow rates at individual 
water meters, so as to limit consumption in the event of improper use of the water 
supply; 
• actions aimed at ensuring the administrative regularisation of cases of unlawful 
withdrawals, supplies not being reactivated, contracts not being correctly transferred 
from previous management, etc., continued, including with the use of new strategies; 
• the census and georeferencing of managed networks continued, with a further 450 km 
of managed network being acquired on the geographical system. 
 
As at 31 December 2021, ACEA ATO 2 managed a total of approximately 7,011 kilometres of 
sewerage network, 675 sewerage pumping stations - of which 180 in the Roma Capitale area - 
and a total of 160 waste treatment plants – 33 of which in the Roma Capitale area - for a total 
quantity of treated water equal to 591 Mmc (data referring to managed treatment plants only). 
ACEA ATO 2 manages the waste treatment system and pumping stations that serve the 
network and sewage trunk lines.  
 
As of 31 December 2021, the six main treatment plants had treated a volume of water equal to 
about 16.37 Mmc, in line with the volume treated during 2020 (16.20 Mmc).  
  
In 2021, the programme of real-time monitoring of the flow rates treated by the plants 
continued, which to date have reached a total of 591 Mmc out of 160 managed plants. 
 
Having overcome the critical issues dictated by the sludge emergency and the COVID-19 
emergency, there are no critical situations and the overall downward trend in production is 
confirmed, mainly due to the reduction of sludge as a result of the construction of drying plants 
and the optimisation of anaerobic digestion processes in the main plants, as well as the 
construction of ozonolysis installations. 
 
With regard to analytical certificates for sludge and waste, in 2021 there was a slight decrease 
in the number of analyses carried out by Acea Elabori (external certified laboratory) compared 
to the average for the same period in previous years, also as a result of the lack of parallel 
special sampling by the Regional Environmental Protection Agency (“ARPA”) due to the 
COVID-19 emergency, while the number of determinations reported on most analytical 
certificates has increased (more extensive types analysed). 
 
Lastly, the shareholders' meeting of 20 December 2021 resolved to increase the share capital 
in divisible form by payment from Euro 362,834,320.00 to Euro 362,834,340.00, through the 
issuance of 2 shares with a nominal value of € 10.00 to be reserved for the municipalities of 
Fonte Nuova and Campagnano di Roma, with the exclusion of option rights, pursuant to 
paragraph 5 of Art. 2441 of the Italian Civil Code and to set 31 December 2022 as the deadline 
for the subscription and execution of the approved increase.  
 
ATO 5 South Lazio – Frosinone  
ACEA ATO 5, ACEA’s 98.45 per cent. owned subsidiary, is the company which manages the 
integrated water services of ATO 5 Southern Lazio – Frosinone covering a geographic area 
with a population of approximately 489,000 inhabitants and 86 municipalities (the management

--- Page 126 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 123 - 
47-41037952 
 
of the Municipality of Paliano still remains to be acquired, while the Municipalities of Conca 
Casale and Rocca D’Evandro are "outside the scope"). As of 31 December 2021, ACEA ATO 
5 covered a population of approximately 455,164 inhabitants, with a service coverage of 
approximately 93% of the territory. The number of users is 201,878. The company is also 
responsible for all other related, resulting or associated water activities. The water supply and 
distribution network covers more than 6,027 km and has a sewerage network of around 1,775 
km which manages the return of the treated water to the environment.  
The sewerage-purification system comprises a network of sewers and trunk lines connected to 
122 waste treatment terminals. ACEA ATO 5 manages 229 sewage pumping plants and 127 
treatment plants.  
With regard to 2021, the digitalisation of the networks in the managed area continued, with the 
inclusion of data in the GIS - Geographic Information System. According to the 2019-2022 
plan for significant activities, as of 31 December 2021 the size of the water network is 6,027 
total km (1,207 km of water supply network plus 4,820 km of distribution network). 
Management of water services in Campania 
Gori, a joint-stock company in which ACEA’s 99.3 per cent. owned subsidiary Sarnese 
Vesuviano S.r.l. holds 37.05 per cent., is the company which manages the integrated water 
services of ATO 3 of the Campania region, known as the "Sarnese Vesuviano" area, where it 
provides water services in the northern part of the province of Salerno and in the southern part 
of the province of Naples. Gori provides integrated water services, which cover an area of 
approximately 900 square kilometres with a population of approximately 1.47 million 
inhabitants. A total of 5,141 km of water network is currently managed, consisting of 869 km 
of primary abstraction network and 4,272 km of distribution network, and a 2,625 km drainage 
system.  
Gori currently manages 13 water sources, 116 wells, 206 tanks, 123 water pumping stations, 
191 wastewater pumping stations and 11 waste treatment plants. 
Gori provides integrated water services on the basis of an agreement entered into on 30 
September 2002 between Gori and the Water District Authority of Sarnese Vesuviano, which 
has a duration of 30 years. 
Gesesa, a joint stock company which operates in Ato 1 Calore Irpino, promotes and develops 
the initiative for the Management of the Integrated Water Service in Municipalities in the 
Province of Avellino and Benevento.  
Currently, the Authority – governed by the extraordinary commissioner referred to in the 
Resolution of the Regional Council no. 813/2012 and merged into the regional water authority 
(Ente Idrico Campano) at the end of 2018 – has not yet assigned the management of the 
Integrated Water Service (aqueduct, sewerage and treatment) to a single operator. Gesesa 
manages the Integrated Water Service in 22 Municipalities in the province of Benevento for a 
total resident population of about 120,000 inhabitants spread over an area of about 710 square 
kilometres with a water infrastructure of about 1,547 km, a sewerage network of 553 km and 
about 332 plants managed. The total number of user accounts amounts to about 57,247, for 
which 2021 consumption was estimated at about 7.8 million cubic metres of water.

--- Page 127 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 124 - 
47-41037952 
 
The sewerage service is provided to approximately 80% of users while the purification service 
reaches about 40% of users. 
Gesesa began to establish the foundations consistent with the resolutions of the board for a new 
path of growth and development aimed at achieving strategic objectives that provide for the 
company’s growth. For these reasons, the investments also focused on the improvement and 
adaptation of the sewerage systems and the restructuring of the treatment plants and the 
preliminary design of those not yet present in the territory. 
In May 2020, following a decision of the public prosecutor at the Court of Benevento, 12 
purification plants of Gesesa were placed under seizure with the appointment of a judicial 
administrator to manage them. Gesesa demonstrated its willingness to suffer costs for relevant 
purification activities. The Court of Benevento gave therefore its approval for the execution of 
these activities. Additionally, Gesesa had a private audit carried out with reference to other 18 
purification plants managed and not subject to seizure, so as to identify any actions needed to 
improve purification results. 
During the course of 2021, the purification activities regarding the plants under seizure were 
started. During the meeting, held on 4 November 2021, of the technical advisory committee set 
up to manage the agreed activities, the time schedule of the necessary interventions was 
redetermined to 31 March 2022, largely due to delays in the supply of materials encountered 
due to the Covid emergency, with an increase of approximately 15% in the estimated cost of 
the works (which amounts approximately to Euro 800,000). Such activities have been duly and 
successfully completed and the company is expecting the judicial administrator to require the 
public prosecutor to cancel the seizure over all the purification plants. 
On 11 November 2021, the competent Court ordered the seizure of money, with the aim of 
confiscation, of fungible assets, property and anything else of patrimonial value at the disposal 
of Gesesa, up to a value of over Euro 78,000,000, with the appointment of a judicial 
administrator. Gesesa immediately appealed against this measure and the application for 
review was fully granted by the Court on 21 December 2021 and, consequently, the preventive 
seizure decree was cancelled, resulting in the release of the assets and their subsequent return 
to the company. The main consequence of this event was a sharp increase in attention on the 
part of the lending banks and, in the immediate term, the suspension of the signing of a 
significant line of credit (approximately Euro 1,500,000) and the non-renewal of the line of 
advances on water bill collections maturing on 20 December 2021. In order to meet this 
commitment, Gesesa requested a loan from the shareholder, ACEA Molise, which was 
disbursed in early January 2022. 
Management of water services in Tuscany 
Acque S.p.A. ("Acque") is the company that manages the integrated water services of ATO 2 
Tuscany – Basso Valdarno covering a geographic area with a population of approximately 
734.798 inhabitants and 57 municipalities in 2021, in the provinces of Florence, Lucca, Pisa, 
Pistoia and Siena. The water network covers nearly 6,066 km and the sewerage network is 
approximately 3,080 km long (with 150 linked treatment plants. ACEA’s interest in Acque is 
through its 76.67 per cent. owned subsidiary, Acque Blu Arno Basso S.p.A. (after the purchase 
from Consorzio Toscano Cooperative of its one per cent. stake in Acque Blu Arno Basso 
S.p.A.), which in turn holds 45 per cent. of the share capital of Acque.

--- Page 128 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 125 - 
47-41037952 
 
Acque supplies integrated water services on an exclusive basis in ATO 2 Tuscany on the basis 
of an agreement signed on 28 December 2001 (that came into effect on 1 January 2002) 
between Acque and the Water District Authority of Basso Valdarno, which has a duration of 
20 years. 
On 11 February 2015, the Water Regional Authority of Tuscany agreed upon the proposal 
submitted by the company to extend the concession period to 2026, and on 6 April 2016, an 
agreement was signed which confirmed such extension of the concession period. The Board of 
Directors of the Water Regional Authority of Tuscany approved the 2018-2019 tariff proposal, 
the update of the works programme, the updating of the economic and financial plan and the 
extension of the duration of the concession of service from the previous deadline of 31 
December 2026 to the new deadline of 31 December 2031. On 9 October 2018, with Resolution 
no. 502/2018/R/Idr Arera approved the tariff proposal. The new Tariff plan with the end of the 
concession on 31 December 2031, compared to the previous plan with the end of the concession 
on 31 December 2026, contains the forecast of greater investments in service infrastructure and 
more contained tariff increases. 
On 18 December 2020, the executive council of the Water Regional Authority of Tuscany, 
with Resolution no. 7, approved the tariff proposal for the period 2020-2023 (according to the 
ARERA Resolution 580/2019/R/idr of 27 December 2019) submitted for ARERA’s approval. 
On 28 September 2021 with Resolution No 404/2021/R/IDR, ARERA approved this proposal. 
As of 1 January 2022 Acque has taken over from Acque Toscane in the management of the 
water service in the municipalities of Montecatini and Ponte Buggianese. 
Publiacqua S.p.A. ("Publiacqua"), in which ACEA’s 75.01 per cent. owned subsidiary Acque 
Blu Fiorentine S.p.A. holds 40 per cent., is the company that manages the integrated water 
services of ATO 3 Tuscany – Medio Valdarno with an area of approximately 3,720 square 
kilometres. The area includes 49 municipalities, including the provinces of Pistoia, Prato and 
Florence, and comprised approximately 1,233,187 inhabitants in 2021.  
Publiacqua supplies integrated water services on the basis of an agreement signed on 20 
December 2001 (that came into effect on 1 January 2002) between Publiacqua and the Water 
District Authority of Medio Valdarno, which has a duration of 20 years. The water network 
covers nearly 6,828 km and the sewerage network is approximately 3,738 km long with 128 
linked treatment plants.  
With regard to tariffs for the period 2020-2023, on 26 June 2020, the Water Regional Authority 
of Tuscany approved the tariffs for the third regulatory period (2020-2023) and promptly sent 
the tariff proposal to ARERA. Substantially, the regulatory economic and financial plan 
highlighted a tariff trend, and consequently a guaranteed revenue constraint that is constant 
over time, with application only of annual inflation. On 16 February 2021, with Resolution no 
59/2021/R/idr, ARERA approved the tariff framework for the 2020-2023 period. Following 
said resolution, on 31 March 2021, the Tuscan Area Governing Body (AIT) and Publicacqua 
entered into an agreement which approved the extension of the concession to 31 December 
2024. 
Acquedotto del Fiora S.p.A. ("Acquedotto del Fiora" or "AdF"), in which ACEA’s 99.51 per 
cent. owned subsidiary Ombrone S.p.A. holds 40 per cent., is the company that manages the 
integrated water services of ATO 6 Ombrone covering a geographic area of approximately 
7,600 square kilometres in the provinces of Siena and Grosseto with a population of

--- Page 129 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 126 - 
47-41037952 
 
approximately 388,000 inhabitants in 2021 that increases, during the summer season, to 
approximately 636,355 inhabitants.  
Acquedotto del Fiora supplies integrated water services, on an exclusive basis in ATO 6 
Ombrone, on the basis of an agreement signed on 28 December 2001 between Acquedotto del 
Fiora and the Water District Authority of Ombrone. The concession term is 25 years from 1 
January 2002, and in 2020 it was extended until 2031.  
Nuove Acque S.p.A., in which ACEA’s 35 per cent. owned subsidiary Intesa Aretina S.c.a.r.l. 
holds 46.16 per cent., is the company that manages the integrated water services of ATO 4 – 
Alto Valdarno ("ATO 4") covering a geographic area of approximately 3,270 square 
kilometres with a population of approximately 300.000 inhabitants. The area includes 37 
municipalities in the province of Arezzo.  
Nuove Acque S.p.A. supplies integrated water services, on an exclusive basis in ATO 4, on the 
basis of an agreement signed on 1 June 1999 between the company and the Water District 
Authority of Alto Valdarno. The concession term is 25 years from 1 June 1999. 
Crea S.p.A. – under liquidation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ACEA, through which ACEA 
maintains a presence in ATO 1 – Northern Tuscany, holds a 48.00 per cent. stake in GEAL 
S.p.A. ("GEAL"), which is the only operating subsidiary. GEAL is the integrated water 
services operator in the municipal territory of Lucca, on the basis of a concession between the 
company and the Municipality of Lucca expiring on December 2025. 
Management of water services in Umbria 
Umbra Acque S.p.A. ("Umbra Acque"), in which ACEA holds a 40 per cent. stake, manages 
the integrated water services of ATO 1 Perugia with a geographic area of 4,300 square 
kilometres, approximately 494,272 inhabitants in 2021 and 38 municipalities. The water 
network covers nearly 6,331 km and the sewerage network is approximately 1,807 km long, 
with 144 linked treatment plants. Umbra Acque provides integrated water services on the basis 
of an agreement entered into on 18 December 2002 between Umbra Acque and Water District 
Authority of Perugia that came into effect on 1 January 2003, which has a duration of 25 years. 
Umbra Acque’s concession will expire on 31 December 2031.  
On July 2015, the board of directors of Umbra Acque passed a resolution to buy one per cent. 
of Aquaser’s share capital. 
The Issuer through Acea Molise S.r.l. (formerly, Crea Gestioni S.r.l.) ("Acea Molise") and 
Technologies for Water Services S.p.A. ("TWS"), both wholly-owned subsidiaries of ACEA, 
holds a 99.4 per cent. interest in Umbriadue Servizi Idrici S.c.a.r.l. ("U2"), which holds a 40 
per cent. stake in Servizi Idrici Integrati S.c.p.a., the integrated water services operator in the 
province of Terni – ATO 4 of Umbria.  
On 16 November 2020, Acea entered into an agreement for the acquisition of an additional 
equity holding of 15% of the share capital of Servizio Idrico Integrato S.c.p.a., thus bringing 
its shareholding in such company to 40%, with a line by line consolidation as of that date, after 
an amendment to the shareholders’ agreements. 
Management of Gas Distribution

--- Page 130 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 127 - 
47-41037952 
 
On 11 October 2018, ACEA entered into an agreement with the companies Alma C.I.S. S.r.l. 
and Mediterranea Energia SCARL for the acquisition of 51% of the share capital held by them 
in the company Pescara Distribuzione Gas S.r.l. (“Pescara Distribuzione”), active in the 
distribution of methane gas in the Municipality of Pescara. The two seller companies, which 
will retain 49% of the share capital, will participate in synergy with ACEA in the industrial 
management of the infrastructure.  
On 18 March 2019, ACEA, having obtained approval from the Municipality of Pescara, 
completed the acquisition of the share capital of Pescara Distribuzione. 
Pescara Distribuzione manages the entire distribution network of the Municipality of Pescara 
and owns about half of it, the remainder belongs to the municipality, for a total of 325 km of 
network and about 62 thousand grid points. The economic value of the transaction, in terms of 
enterprise value for 100% of the company, is € 17 million.  
On 31 August 2020, ACEA completed the acquisition of 51% of the share capital of Alto 
Sangro Distribuzione S.r.l. (“Alto Sangro”) (with a line by line consolidation of 51% of such 
company), which operates in the distribution of methane gas. Alto Sangro is present in 24 
municipalities in the province of L’Aquila (mainly belonging to Atem Aquila 3) and owns 
almost all of the gas distribution infrastructure, consisting of 537 km of network and about 
34,000 grid points. 
On 3 August 2021, Pescara Distribuzione was merged by incorporation into Alto Sangro, which 
at the same time changed its name to AdistribuzioneGas.  
ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE 
The Group is the third largest electricity distributor in Italy in terms of volumes of energy 
distributed and the second largest operator by number of end users. It distributes electricity to 
the municipality of Rome, serving approximately 2.8 million inhabitants as at 31 December 
2021. The Group also manages the municipality’s public lighting and floodlighting service 
with over 201,200 light points.  
In 2021 revenues from the Energy Infrastructure business segment amounted to Euro 626 
million, with an increase equal to Euro 7.3 million (1.2 per cent.) as compared with the previous 
year (Euro 618.7 million).  
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personnel costs and 
EBITDA of the Group’s Energy Infrastructure business segment for the financial years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Energy Infrastructure 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
626 
618.7 
Costs .................................................. 
254.4 
251.1 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
371.6 
367.6 
 
Energy Distribution

--- Page 131 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 128 - 
47-41037952 
 
The Group’s energy distribution activities are operated through ARETI, a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Issuer. 
ARETI runs the electricity distribution services in the municipalities of Rome and Formello. 
In the municipality of Rome, ARETI serves approximately 1,647,000 users, corresponding to 
approximately 2.8 million inhabitants by means of a grid of cables and overhead lines covering 
more than 31,200 km.  
ARETI also carries out the planning, design, construction and maintenance of high-voltage 
primary distribution plants and medium and low-voltage secondary distribution networks. 
ARETI also manages the cemetery lighting systems in the municipality of Rome.  
As at 31 December 2021, ARETI distributed 9,172 GWh to end customers, slightly up on the 
previous year. 
EBITDA of ARETI for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 increased by Euro 3 million 
compared to the previous financial year, as a result, among other things, of (i) the margin 
deriving from the open fiber order, (ii) the effects of the resilience plan and (iii) lower operating 
costs, partly offset by the effects deriving from energy balancing.  
Public Lighting Services 
ACEA manages the public lighting and floodlighting service in the municipality of Rome, on 
the basis of a 30-year concession agreement that will expire in 2027. In March 2011, ACEA 
and the municipality of Rome renewed a management contract governing performance-related 
services for public lighting which will expire in 2027. 
Such services include: (i) network modernisation; (ii) the installation of remote control units 
for public lighting equipment; (iii) plant repairs and maintenance; and (iv) artistic maintenance. 
The EBITDA of public lighting for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, a negative 
Euro 3.0 million, recorded a worsening of Euro 1.0 million compared to the previous financial 
year due to lower revenues, mainly due to lack of authorisations for new constructions. 
The services were entrusted to ACEA’s wholly owned subsidiary Acea Illuminazione Pubblica 
S.p.A. ("AIP") until December 2016, placed under liquidation on 13 December 2018. 
In the context of the reorganisation of the Group, the partial spin-off of AIP’s business unit 
concerning structures in the technical and operating activities relating to "Rome public 
lighting" in favour of ARETI became effective at the end of December 2016, and such business 
unit has become the vehicle through which the Group takes part in tenders for public lighting 
services.  
In 2021, extraordinary maintenance, modernisation and safety activities agreed with Roma 
Capitale regularly continued, thus creating new lighting points as part of the lighting re-
engineering and development projects. With regard to the public lighting service, following the 
opinion given by the Italian Antitrust Authority in Bulletin no. 49 of 14 December 2020, Roma 
Capitale began checking the conditions of consistency and economic convenience of the 
relevant performance terms, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service contract 
agreement entered into by and between the Public Administration and ACEA (and through 
ARETI), compared to those established pursuant to the so-called “Consip Luce 3 Convention”.

--- Page 132 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 129 - 
47-41037952 
 
In addition, on the basis of the positions expressed by the Italian Antitrust Authority, expressed 
queries over the legitimacy of the award to ACEA. On 8 February 2021, Roma Capitale 
communicated the results of said checks, affirming the congruity and convenience of the 
economic terms established with respect to the qualitative and economic parameters of the 
Consip Luce 3 Convention. With the same communication, Roma Capitale also confirmed the 
correctness of the prices applied for the public lighting service and ordered the resumption of 
the procedures for payment of the ascertained receivables of ACEA and ARETI with respect 
to the service contract. In July 2021, Roma Capitale undertook to settle the acknowledged 
receivables and, as of 1 June 2022, negotiations between the parties regarding the 
acknowledgement of the sums due and the scheduling of related payments are still ongoing. 
Technological innovation projects 
2G digital meter project 
In an increasingly advanced technological context, ARETI launched the "2G Digital Meter" 
project, with the aim of replacing the first-generation electricity meter system with the 2G 
Smart Metering system (in compliance with the requirements of the ARERA Resolution 
306/2019/R/eel) (the "2G SMS"). 
In this regard, in April 2019 ARETI launched the procedure for the selection of the supplier of 
the field equipment (meters and concentrators) and the related central purchasing system, 
which ended in September 2019 with the publication of the award. 
The supplier selected for provision of the 2G SMS was Enel Global Infrastructure & Networks. 
On 14 September 2019, ARERA submitted the "request for authorisation to recognise 
investments" (RARI), which was subsequently amended and supplemented. On 30 April 2020, 
ARETI declared the request approved. However, ARETI requested the update of the 2G SMS 
by 30 June 2020, then postponed it to 15 July 2020 due to the COVID-19 emergency.  
With Resolution no. 293/2020 of 28 July 2020, ARERA approved the 2G SMS from 1 January 
2021 and admitted relevant investments (for specific recognition of capital costs) regarding the 
2G SMS from the same date. 
In the light the difficulties linked to the COVID-19 pandemic, the installation of the 
concentrators began in July 2020 and the first 2G meters (pilots) were launched in September 
2020. On 31 December 2021, the number of installations made was approximately 10,800 
concentrators and 374,000 meters - in line with the targets set in the RARI. 
In 2020, the development of the application map continued unabated and all the latest features 
planned for wave 3 were released into production on 7 August 2020. The progress of the 
development activities of the application map allowed for the release of all the functions 
planned for the date of 10 December 2021. Further milestones will follow during the course of 
2022 in order to release new integration and optimisation features. 
With Resolution 105/2021/R/eel, ARERA amended requirement R-4.01 under Annex A to 
Resolution 87/2016, specifying that, in the case of second-generation meters installed at 
withdrawal points equipped with previous meters, the information displayed must show a 
reading of the totals for the months prior to the replacement, for a period of 26 months and 15 
days starting from the replacement. The previous version of the regulation stated “at least” 26

--- Page 133 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 130 - 
47-41037952 
 
months and 15 days. This amendment was implemented by 30 July 2021, also with regard to 
the 2G systems already in service. 
Areti's single EData Lake 
The third quarter of 2020 saw the consolidation of the ARETI's single EData Lake, an initiative 
launched in 2018 in partnership with SAS Institute with the aim of making data available for 
the business distribution, which has been further extended in 2021. The calculation 
infrastructure operates in the Google Cloud environment. Activities run from the definition of 
a data model to the process of releasing it to an analysis environment, including infrastructure 
management. The current sources for the procurement of data are: SAP HGP, the extranet 
server, third-party FTP servers and specific Oracle databases. 
Network diagnostics and monitoring project  
The project is divided into the following three main lines of action: 
(1) Primary station diagnostics with UGV Drones 
The project involved the development of an unmanned ground vehicle prototype for 
autonomous or remotely piloted inspection of primary stations ("UGV"). The UGV drone has 
sensors for detecting environmental parameters (temperature sensors, partial discharges, 
cameras) and sensors for moving autonomously in the environment (lidar, GPS and cameras). 
It executes inspection plans independently and can be remotely controlled for targeted security 
checks and operations. The system may also transmit inspection information to an operator 
located at a location other than the place of operation. 
In 2020, activities continued for optimisation of the autonomous prototype, developed in 2019 
for primary station monitoring. As part of this project, a system for transmitting the ultrasonic 
signal of partial discharges was also developed and patented. The system is used when the 
partial discharge sensor and the monitoring instrument cannot be connected by cable.  
In 2021, the construction and testing of an autonomous drone charging station – in which the 
drone is able to park and charge autonomously at the end of its missions – was completed. In 
2022, released developments related to the control room and improvements to on-board sensor 
management resulting from the initial experiment. 
(2) Substation diagnostics (CS-Plus): 
The project involved testing an integrated IoT (Internet of Things) solution for remote 
monitoring, diagnostics and management services. In 2020, testing with various suppliers led 
to the consolidation of the solution and definition of specifications for the peripheral 
architecture side.  In 2021, testing procedures for smart access control were completed. Field 
experimentation was also completed with the installation on the IoT solution of services for (i) 
access control, (ii) ambient temperature, (iii) transformer temperature, (iv) humidity and (v) 
flooding. 
(3) Overhead line diagnostics 
The project involved the combination of periodic analyses of satellite images, using artificial 
intelligence algorithms (developed to detect man-made and/or vegetation interference), and 
targeted inspections with drones to enable a continuous monitoring of overhead lines.

--- Page 134 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 131 - 
47-41037952 
 
During 2020, the platform for management of the process was launched. The process was found 
to be highly innovative both by the Politecnico di Milano university drone observatory and 
space economy observatory. In 2021, installation of the system continued, as did optimisation 
of the platform’s features. The project was also presented by ARETI to a conference of the 
Drone Observatory alongside Eni and Enel. Field inspections are currently underway. 
Primary station automation project 
The main objective of the project is to define a new architecture for the command and control 
protection system of the primary station, oriented towards the reduction/simplification of low 
voltage wiring, the use of standard protocols developed for communication between the 
equipment in the field and the command and control protection system, as well as towards the 
remote control system. 
In addition, in the Collantina site a laboratory was set up to verify communication between the 
peripheral apparatus and the new Enel unified digital protection devices. Tests did not give 
satisfactory results and evaluation is underway of alternative methods to achieve the indicated 
functions. 
Development of Areti telecommunications network 
During the period 2020-2021, the telecommunications network project involved the creation 
of a high-speed and high-reliability fibre-optic network that links all primary stations. These 
represent the main backbone of the network from which all smart-grid services will be 
launched.  
This network structure ensures security and reliability in the transmission of information 
between the centre and the periphery, with the aim of allowing the proper operation of 
technology systems and network management systems, the remote control of equipment 
installed in substations and, where possible, the metering points and other types of sensors in 
order to convey to the central systems. Such network also allows the implementation of 
advanced automation for most substations, in order to significantly improve the quality of the 
electricity service. 
GENERATION 
The Group operates in the electricity generation area, mainly through hydropower, thermal and 
photovoltaic energy generation plants. The Group also produces electricity through 
cogeneration plants, all located in the Lazio region.  
In 2021 revenues from the Generation business segment amounted to Euro 126.3 million, with 
an increase equal to Euro 47.2 million (59.8 per cent.) as compared with the previous year 
(Euro 79.1 million). 
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personnel costs and 
EBITDA of the Group’s Generation business segment for the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Generation 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020

--- Page 135 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 132 - 
47-41037952 
 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
126.3 
79.1 
Costs .................................................. 
46.8 
33.7 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
79.5 
45.4 
 
EBITDA at 31 December 2021 was equal to Euro 79.5 million, an increase of Euro 34.1 million 
compared to 31 December 2020, mainly due to Acea Produzione, as a result of the increase in 
both the volumes produced and the higher water contributions and the prices on the energy 
markets. The increase in margins also reflects the contribution of Ecogena, partly due to income 
from the sale of Alfasigma's cogeneration plant and partly due to higher revenues from 
activities relating to design and permitting services for the Acea Group's mobility plan. 
Energy Generation and Cogeneration 
The Issuer operates in the electricity generation area mainly through Acea Produzione S.p.A. 
("AP"), a subsidiary owned 100 per cent. by the Issuer, carrying out the activities of power 
generation and cogeneration (district heating).  
The production system of AP currently consists of a series of generation plants with total 
installed capacity of 229.2 MW, composed of five hydroelectric plants (three located in Lazio, 
one in Umbria and one in Abruzzo), fifty-two photovoltaic plants (with installed capacity of 
3.1 MWp), two “mini hydro” plants, Cecchina and Madonna del Rosario, two thermoelectric 
power stations, Montemartini and Tor di Valle, the latter consisting of a modern high-efficiency 
cogeneration plant, replacing the previous combined cycle plant.  
Tor di Valle’s thermoelectric power station consists of three high-efficiency methane gas 
powered engines (the last one was launched for commercial operation on 9 July 2021), each 
with an electrical power of 9.5 MW, for a total of 28.5 MW, as well as three additional boilers 
and 6 storage tanks. In the current configuration, in addition to selling electricity to the market 
during the most profitable hours, the plant provides for electricity in SEU to the total electricity 
users of the adjoining Rome South Treatment Plant and the thermal energy necessary for the 
supply of district heating service in the districts of Torrino Sud, Mostacciano and 
Mezzocammino in the Municipality of Rome. The plant allows the Company to meet its 
commitments under the capacity market auction award during the 2022 - 2037 period. 
AP is proceeding with the authorisation process for the installation of 2 new cogeneration units, 
with a capacity of 1.5 MW each, which will be powered by the biogas coming from the 
treatment plant located in the south of Rome and will produce electricity to be fed into the grid 
and thermal energy that will be supplied to the treatment plant and partly fed into the district 
heating grid. 
In 2021, AP generated a volume of 540.1 GWh through the directly owned power plants. 
During the period, AP's production was subdivided into hydroelectric plant production of 424.6 
GWh, production from mini-hydro plants of 3.2 GWh, thermoelectric production of 102.7 
GWh and photovoltaic production of 9.6 GWh. AP's production mix is mainly from renewable 
sources with “green” production, representing approximately 81% of the total. In addition, 
about 60% of total production is incentivised following investments in hydroelectric power 
plants or participation in the “feed-in tariff” scheme for the photovoltaic segment.

--- Page 136 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 133 - 
47-41037952 
 
With regard to district heating, AP, through the cogeneration module of the Tor di Valle power 
plant, supplied heat to the Torrino Sud and Mostacciano districts (located in the south of Rome) 
for a total of 68.63 GWht, for a total of 3,581 utilities served (266 condominiums and 3,315 
real estate units). 
Acea Liquidation and Litigation S.r.l. (formerly Elgasud S.p.A., "Acea LL"), which operates 
in the Puglia and Basilicata regions, was set up on 10 November 2006 under a joint venture 
agreement between Amgas Bari, Amet Trani and AE. After the acquisition by AE of the 49 per 
cent. stake formerly indirectly owned by Amgas Bari and Amet Trani on 24 April 2015, the 
company is wholly owned by AE. On 10 December 2015, AE sold the company to the Issuer. 
Acea LL manages also residual photovoltaic plants. Moreover, as a result of the total spin-off 
of ACEA RSE, the tangible fixed assets consisting of the “Parco della Mistica” photovoltaic 
plant with a total installed power of 4,972 kWp were transferred to Acea LL. 
In 2019, the ACEA Group established two new companies, wholly owned (indirectly) by Acea, 
operating in the photovoltaic sector: Acea Solar S.r.l., for the development of greenfield 
projects, and Acea Sun Capital S.r.l., for the acquisition of existing photovoltaic plants.  
During the second half of 2019, Acea Sun Capital S.r.l. completed the acquisitions of several 
photovoltaic plants incentivised by the feed-in tariff for a total installed capacity of 
approximately 28 MWp. The most significant portfolio refers to the acquisition of 65% of the 
share capital of six vehicle companies owning 18 photovoltaic plants, with a total installed 
capacity of about 20MWp, which were owned by the Belenergia group.  
In 2020, in accordance with the provisions of the Business Plan, the ACEA Group continued 
to acquire companies in the photovoltaic market. As at 31 December 2020, the ACEA Group 
acquired 18 companies, including PF Power of Future S.r.l., IFV ENERGY S.r.l. and Euroline 
3 S.r.l., for a total installed capacity of approximately 33.6 MW. Moreover, during the first half 
of the 2020, Acea acquired 49.9% of Energia S.p.A.'s capital was acquired, with a total installed 
capacity of 7.7 MW.  
In July 2020, the ACEA Group acquired 49% of Belaria S.r.l., with an installed capacity of 3.0 
MW. ACEA also completed the acquisition of Fergas Solar S.r.l., which is the owner of a single 
authorisation for the construction of a 20MW solar power plant in Basilicata, and obtained an 
authorisation for the construction of a 5MW power plant on its own industrial land in Lazio 
(for a 15MW portfolio in Lazio). In the development of greenfield photovoltaics, ACEA is also 
carrying out a balanced mix of projects, with particular attention to areas of an industrial nature, 
and has a total of over 400MW in the pipeline.  
As part of the corporate reorganisations of the energy infrastructure segment, in July 2020, the 
ACEA Group completed the merger of certain photovoltaic companies. 
On 21 March 2021, Acea entered into an agreement for the acquisition of an additional equity 
holding of 35% of the share capital of Solaria Real Estate S.r.l. (“Solaria RE”), thus bringing 
its shareholding in such company to 100%. Furthermore, on 27 July 2020, Acea carried out the 
merger by incorporation of Brindisi Solar S.r.l., Acquaviva S.r.l., Compagnia Solare 2, 
Compagnia Solare 3 and SPES S.r.l. into Solaria RE. 
In line with the Business Plan, the Group continued to acquire companies in the photovoltaic 
market during 2021. As at 30 December 2021, 18 companies were acquired for a total installed 
capacity of approximately 62 MW. In addition, during 2021 the Group acquired the entire

--- Page 137 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 134 - 
47-41037952 
 
corporate capital of JB Solar S.r.l., M2D, PSL and Solarplant. Furthermore, two new 
companies, Acea Green and Acea Renewable, were established and several plants previously 
owned by Acea Produzione and Acea Solar were transferred to them.  
At the end of 2021, ACEA and Equitix signed an agreement regulating the acquisition by 
Equitix of a 60% stake in a newly established company, in which a portfolio of photovoltaic 
plants owned by Acea Sun Capital and Acea Solar with total installed capacity of 105 MW, 
including 46 MW qualifying for various feed-in tariffs and 59 MW represented by newly built 
plants already connected or in the process of being connected to the national grid are to be 
transferred. On 22 March 2022, closing of such transaction was perfected. 
Ecogena  
As a result of the total spin-off of ACEA RSE on 30 December 2015, Ecogena S.p.A. 
("Ecogena") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AP.  
The operational management of Ecogena mainly focuses on three areas: (i) the consulting in 
the Esco sector and the provision of services related to the increase in the energy efficiency of 
third parties (inside or outside of the ACEA Group); (ii) the supply of energy services through 
the management of cogeneration (or trigeneration) plants and district heating networks and the 
sale of energy produced to customers; and (iii) the coordination of the Group companies with 
regard to energy-efficiency projects.  
The Ecogena's production system is made up of a set of cogeneration plants, combined with 
district heating networks, for a total of 1.9 MW of installed capacity in Lazio (in the first quarter 
of 2021, Alfasigma’s cogeneration plant was sold).  
As at 31 December 2021, Ecogena achieved a production volume of approximately 6.7 GWh 
(electricity), 23.3 GWh (thermal) and 11.1 GWh of refrigeration. 
With regard to Europarco's trigeneration plant, the expansion of the plant has been completed, 
doubling the cooling capacity installed in the plant with a relative increase in electricity. A 
third boiler was also added. The entire project was carried out by reusing and exploiting the 
plants in the Cinecittà World facility, which was then divested. In December 2020, the tender 
procedure for the selection of the supplier - that is required to add a further 400 kW cogenerator 
on the site - was completed. The construction of said cogenerator was completed during the 
course of 2021. 
In April 2020, the new configuration of the Porta di Roma plant was put into operation, 
including a new 3.3 MWt boiler as part of a substantial modification authorised in 2012. The 
plant's management system was also modernised. In September 2020, works on the 
implementation of a further 240 kW boiler at the Saxa Rubra plant, as well as on the renovation 
and upgrading of the plant's remote-control systems were completed. 
On behalf of Acea Innovation, Ecogena performed activities regarding services for design and 
permissions of the first five lots of the ACEA Group mobility plan. Following approval of the 
commercial offer and preparation of the contact, on 7 August 2020, Ecogena delivered plans 
for charging infrastructure to the competent Department of the Municipality of Rome. 
Following this submission and meetings held at the Mobility Department of the Municipality 
of Rome, it was necessary to proceed with a phase of redefinition of the lots submitted and re-

--- Page 138 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 135 - 
47-41037952 
 
design of certain elements of the plans. After these amendments, with the determination of 11 
November 2020, the Mobility Department approved (i) 115 charging stations (87 new systems) 
and (ii) a further 19 systems (WAVE I). 
The services conference was followed by the preparation of requests for excavations licences 
for the 87 systems approved in the first phase, which will be followed by requests for licences 
for the other 19 systems in the initial months of 2021. Tender procedures for the procurement 
of the materials and services were completed. Relevant works began in the first ten days of 
March 2021.  
Ecogena is also setting up the activities related to the charging infrastructure for 13 sites spread 
over the territories of two municipalities in the province of Rome (Velletri and Castel 
Gandolfo). 
COMMERCIAL AND TRADING 
The Issuer operates in the Commercial and Trading business segment through the following 
main subsidiaries:  
− Acea Energia S.p.A. ("AE" or "Acea Energia"), a wholly-owned subsidiary, carrying 
out the activities of sales of electricity and gas and related services to final users and, 
after the merger with Acea Energia Holding S.p.A. ("AEH") in 2014, also the activities 
of trading energy, gas and heat in the domestic and international market;  
− Acea Energy Management S.r.l. ("AEMA"), a wholly-owned subsidiary established on 
16 October 2015 whose corporate purpose is the supply of electricity, gas and fuel to 
the customers of the Group, as well as the management and optimisation of the energy 
portfolio. AEMA handles the commercial relations with the main national and foreign 
suppliers of electricity and gas and oversees the management of energy consumption 
levels; 
− Acea Innovation S.r.l. ("AI"), a wholly-owned subsidiary focused on a new energy 
business, based on (i) e-mobility, through the installation and management of charging 
infrastructures and the provision of related services, (ii) energy efficiency, through the 
design and execution of energy efficiency projects for houses/condominiums and for 
B2B clients, (iii) smart compost, through the installation and management of innovative 
circular economy solutions for organic waste treatment via composting. 
 
In 2021, revenues from the Commercial and Trading business segment amounted to Euro 
2,078.3 million, with an increase equal to Euro 492.9 million (31.1 per cent.) as compared with 
the previous year (Euro 1,585.5 million). 
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating costs and personnel costs, and 
EBITDA of the Group’s Commercial and Trading business segment for the financial years 
ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Commercial and Trading 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
2,078.3 
1,585.5

--- Page 139 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 136 - 
47-41037952 
 
Costs .................................................. 
1,997.8 
1,513.1 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
80.5 
72.4 
 
The Commercial and Trading business segment, responsible for the management and 
development of electricity and gas sales and related customer relationship activities, as well as 
the Group’s energy management policies, closed 2021 with an EBITDA of € 80.5 million, an 
increase of Euro 8.1 million compared to 2020. The increase is mainly attributable to Acea 
Energia, as a result of the increase in energy and gas margins and other revenues, partially 
offset by a worsening in costs of materials and overheads and personnel costs. 
Energy Management 
AE carries out the energy management activities for the Group, in particular with respect to 
sale and production. 
AE may act directly as the contractor, pursuant to art. 7 of Legislative Decree No. 50 of 18 
April 2016, under the relevant supply contracts from affiliate companies belonging to the 
Group which were also the contracting entities.  
The company also liaises with the energy market operator ("GME", "Market Operator" or 
"Gestore del Mercato") and with Terna S.p.A. ("Terna"). In relation to Terna, AE is the 
shipper for dispatching on behalf of AP and other companies in the ACEA Group. 
It performs the following main activities: 
• the optimisation and assignment of electricity produced by the Tor di Valle and 
Montemartini thermoelectric plants and by the S. Angelo hydroelectric plant;  
• the negotiation of fuel procurement contracts for the power generating plants for Tor di 
Valle plant; 
• the supply of natural gas and electricity for the sales companies of the Group to end 
customers; 
• the optimisation of the electricity and energy procurement portfolios, as well as the 
management of the risk profile of the Energy area companies. 
In 2021, Acea Energia purchased electricity from the market for a total of 10,224 GWh, of 
which 7,885 GWh through bilateral contracts and 2,339 GWh through the power exchange, in 
order to resell it to end customers of the free market and to optimise the energy flows and the 
purchasing portfolio.  
Electricity and gas sales 
As far as the commercial market is concerned, the retail portfolio continues to grow and the 
quality of service improved. 
In 2021, AE sold electricity on the standard-offer market for a total of 1,694 GWh, with a 
14.3% reduction on a trend basis. The number of withdrawal points totalled 719,380 (754,426 
at 31 December 2020). The sale of electricity on the free market amounted to 6,074 GWh for

--- Page 140 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 137 - 
47-41037952 
 
Acea Energia and 487 GWh for Umbria Energy S.p.A., for a total of 6,562 GWh, with an 
increase compared to last year of 29.9%, primarily related to the B2B segment. The average 
number of withdrawal points in 2021 totalled 478,127 (416,886 at 31 December 2020). 
In addition, Acea Energia and the other sales companies of the Group sold 214 million Sm3 of 
gas to end customers and wholesalers, which involved 226,687 re-delivery points (compared 
to 200,539 re-delivery points as at 31 December 2020). 
AE also operates in local markets through the following joint ventures:  
− Umbria Energy S.p.A. ("UE"), which operates in Umbria, was set up on 24 September 
2004 as a joint venture between ASM Terni S.p.A. and AE, with each shareholder 
holding 50 per cent.  
− Cesap Vendita Gas S.r.l. ("CVG"). As part of the restructuring of the investment in the 
Sin(e)rgia Group, in February 2015 UE took over 100 per cent. of CVG through a 
capital increase by contribution in kind of UE’s credit with CVG. This investment was 
previously held by Si(e)nergy S.p.A. in liquidation.  
In July 2021, a commercial partnership agreement was signed between Acea Energia and Wind 
Tre S.p.A. regarding the definition, promotion and advertisement of offers related to the supply 
of electricity and gas by Acea Energia, characterised by the brand “Wind Tre powered by Acea 
Energia”. The commercial offers dedicated to the initiative are being promoted as of July 2021 
inside the sale points belonging to the Wind Tre network in the Veneto and Puglia regions and 
are planned to be promoted across Italy during the course of 2022. 
Entry into the business of electric mobility charging services 
On 12 April 2021, Acea entered into the business of electric mobility charging services across 
the country by launching the “Acea e-Mobility” app (the "App"), making it possible to charge 
an electric vehicle at over 10,000 points in Italy, thanks to interoperability agreements entered 
into by and between Acea and several other sector operators. The App was developed to 
provide customers with a useful tool for the easy management of all steps in the charging 
service. The App allows to locate available active charging columns, book them, charge an 
electric or plug-in vehicle, monitor the charging status and manage payments with the main 
channels available (credit/debit card, prepaid cards or Apple Pay). The “Acea e-Mobility Card” 
will also be available along with the other associated services. Charging points will be free to 
book through the App until 31 December 2021. Acea Energia also offers three different 
wallbox models that will allow customers to charge their vehicles at their own home. 
 
ENVIRONMENT 
The Environment business segment coordinates the activities of the Group companies 
operating in the areas of waste management and waste-to-energy conversion. The Group 
operates in such areas in Umbria, Lazio, Tuscany, Marche, Valle d’Aosta, Abruzzo, Veneto 
and Piemonte. The overall amount of waste treated in 2021 was approximately of 1,737 kTon, 
with an increase of 129 kTon (8 per cent.), compared to the previous year (approximately 1,608 
kTon), due to acquisitions of new companies (Meg, Deco, Ecologica Sangro). The total amount

--- Page 141 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 138 - 
47-41037952 
 
of electricity sold in 2021 was approximately of 328 GWh, with an increase of 8 GWh (2.4 per 
cent.) compared to the previous year (approximately 320 GWh). 
In 2021, revenues from the Environment business segment amounted to Euro 234.7 million, 
with an increase of Euro 34.7 million (17.3 per cent.) compared to the previous year (Euro 
200.0 million). 
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating costs and personnel costs and 
EBITDA of the Group’s Environment business segment for the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020.  
Environment 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues………………………….. 
234.7 
200.0 
Costs………………………………. 
170.9 
149.7 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA) 
63.7 
50.3 
 
The main Group companies operating within the Environment business segment include Acea 
Ambiente S.r.l. ("ACEA Ambiente") and companies within the waste transport and treatment 
(each described below).  
Acea Ambiente  
ACEA’s wholly-owned subsidiary ACEA Ambiente is engaged in the management of waste 
treatment plants, the recycling and disposal of solid urban and special waste, renewable 
electricity production and waste management, as well as in the direct management of assets 
contributed by its plants. The company has electricity vending relations with AE to which it 
transfers volumes of energy produced by the three lines of the San Vittore plant and by the line 
of the Terni plant, the state-owned company which promotes and supports renewable energy 
sources.  
Moreover, with the aim of significantly boosting business within this segment, overcoming the 
fragmentation and redundancy of the structures dealing with strategic processes (in particular, 
trade development), business and staff and enabling a greater focus on the activities covered 
by the strategic plan, the following strategic transactions were carried out:  
Terni waste-to-energy plant (UL 1) 
The waste-to-energy plant located in Terni produces electricity from renewable sources, and 
operates specifically in a pulper paper mill waste to energy plant. 
The waste pulper contributions allowed the plant to meet the combustible requirements for the 
entire year and reach expected performance levels as regards both waste pre-treatment and the 
production of electricity. Some interventions were made in 2016 to enhance plant performance, 
leading to increased efficiency in terms of containing operating costs. The verification 
procedure implemented by Gestore dei Servizi Energetici S.p.A. S.p.A. (i.e., a state-owned 
company which promotes and supports renewable energy sources in Italy, "GSE") has been 
successfully completed.

--- Page 142 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 139 - 
47-41037952 
 
In 2019, the contractual planning for the delivery of pulper waste guaranteed the fuel 
requirements for the entire period, and the expected performance was affected – both as regards 
waste pretreatment activities and the production of electricity – by controlled operation at a 
reduced load and a shutdown for maintenance earlier than planned, carried out to perform 
functional checks of the plant aimed at solving critical issues on atmospheric emissions. 
Starting in April 2019, there was a variable and increasing trend in the quantities of 
micropollutants in the plant’s atmospheric emissions compared to historical data, though still 
within legal limits. In compliance with authorisation requirements, monitoring was carried out 
with initial feedback sent to the control bodies. After proper verification, the results confirmed 
compliance with the emission limits, with values in line with historical data. 
In 2020, the contractual planning for the delivery of pulper waste met the fuel requirements for 
the entire period. On 19 February 2020, the region affirmed a non-substantial amendment 
measure of the Integrated Environmental Authorisation, adopted by Decree no. 1314 of 17 
February 2020, concerning the increase in volumes authorised to be discharged into public 
sewerage, after appropriate treatment of industrial wastewater and run-off wastewater. 
In 2021, the contractual planning for the delivery of pulper waste guaranteed the fuel 
requirements for the entire period. On 27 April 2021, a specific request was submitted to the 
National Committee for the management of Directive 2003/87/EC and for the management of 
the project activities of the Kyoto Protocol to the Italian Ministry of Energy Transition, 
intended for the exclusion of the Terni waste-to-energy plant from the scope of the so-called 
Emission Trading System (ETS), pursuant to art. 2, paragraph 2, letter c) of Italian Legislative 
Decree no. 30/13, for definition of pulper waste under the category “of non-hazardous special 
waste produced by treatment plants, supplied annually with urban waste for a quota greater 
than 50% in weight”. In 2022 the Committee assessed that the Terni plant is out of the scope 
of the Emission Trading System. Furthermore, on 20 October 2021, a request was submitted 
for a review to renew the Integrated Environmental Authorisation, in order to bring it into line 
with the BAT Conclusions for waste incineration plants (as per Commission Implementing 
Decision (EU) 2019/2010 of 12 November 2019). This process has been completed in March, 
2022. 
Paliano RDF production plant (UL 2) 
The Paliano RDF production plant has a single authorisation for the production of Refuse 
Derived Fuel ("RDF"), expiring on 30 June 2018. Although the authorisation has expired, in 
June 2020 the Municipality of Paliano issued the building permit for the complete 
reconstruction of the building, the re-qualification of the related site and the implementation of 
ancillary services.  
In June 2013 the plant was partly destroyed by a major fire, and the facility was subsequently 
seized by the judicial authorities for evidentiary purposes until November 2014. After 
completion of the technical assessment, as required by the judicial authorities, ACEA 
Ambiente carried out analytical and structural studies to implement an action plan to clean the 
affected areas and replace and rebuild the RDF production plant. In 2015, following a complex 
analysis with the competent territorial bodies, the plants and buildings affected by the accident 
were cleaned and demolished, and the first part of the requalification of the industrial site was 
concluded.  
ACEA Ambiente subsequently took steps to obtain building permits to reconstruct the affected 
buildings. The work carried out so far and the additional procedural authorisation obtained by

--- Page 143 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 140 - 
47-41037952 
 
ACEA Ambiente will make it possible to reopen the analysis procedure to obtain an Integrated 
Environmental Authorisation for the plant’s operation. In order to resume RDF production as 
soon as possible, ACEA Ambiente has already begun the procedure for selecting the contractor 
who will rebuild the plant. Environmental surveys were carried out in accordance with planning 
time estimates approved by the competent area authorities. The surveys performed on site in 
December 2015 confirmed there was no contamination. The schedule of controls was then 
completed. In December 2015, ACEA Ambiente determined the compensation for damages 
suffered in the fire to be equal to Euro 5.2 million and obtained a refund.  
The environmental checks have been completed according to the planning provisions approved 
by the competent territorial authorities, confirming the absence of contamination due to the fire 
which occurred in 2013. However, contamination thresholds were exceeded in the water 
supply, which are likely to be linked to the base values present in the Castellaccio di Paliano 
area, which is mainly formed of volcanic soil. In accordance with applicable law, ACEA 
Ambiente submitted the environmental check plan to the competent authorities, which will 
need to authorise the beginning of the monitoring phase. As regards the authorisation for the 
reconstruction and operation of the RDF production plant, on 18 October 2017 the Office of 
Public Works, Maintenance and Regional Planning of Paliano expressed an unfavourable 
opinion in the decision making AIA Conference on the compatibility of the RDF production 
plant in the municipality of Paliano. Therefore, ACEA Ambiente has undertaken legal action 
before the competent Administrative Court that is still ongoing. 
With regard to the characterization activities of the former purification plant area, the 
procedures useful to carry out treatments in situ are being verified, on the basis of the results 
of the sampling and analysis carried out by both ACEA Ambiente and ARPA Lazio. In parallel, 
sampling and analysis will be carried out on the remaining area of Castellaccio, already defined 
in the Ministry of the Environment's decree. At present, work has begun on the preparation of 
the reclamation project. 
With regard to the procedure for assignment of the characterisation activities, expressions of 
interest (manifestazioni di interesse) have been received ahead of the call for tenders. On 16 
June 2020, the Municipality of Paliano issued a building permit for some demolition and 
reconstruction works, consisting of the construction of the purification plant, the first rain 
tanks, the biofilter, the installation of a photovoltaic plant, a scrubber and the 
recovery/adaptation of the entire warehouse located therein, damaged by a recent fire. With 
determination no. 1003 of 16 September 2020, the Municipality of Anagni issued a landscape 
authorisation for the demolition of the treatment plant and underground tanks.  
On 26 April 2021 the works for the demolition of the treatment plant, underground tanks and 
former mineralised water production building resumed, following the update to the executive 
plan, and are currently continuing as planned. On 29 April 2021 the start of the works with site 
preparation activities was communicated to the Municipality of Paliano. 
San Vittore del Lazio waste-to-energy plant (UL 3) 
The San Vittore del Lazio waste-to-energy plant also produces electricity from renewable 
sources, and, specifically, from RDF. 
Plant reconditioning works were completed in 2011 through the implementation of lines two 
and three of the plant, while works for the complete renovation of line one were completed in 
October 2016. Measure No. G00063 of 13 January 2016, notified on 26 January 2016, granted

--- Page 144 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 141 - 
47-41037952 
 
the new Integrated Environmental Authorisation valid for 8 years from 24 July 2013 to 24 July 
2021. This authorisation completed the procedure for renewing the Authorisation for 
construction and operating the plant, meaning significant rationalisation in terms of 
authorisation requirements for the San Vittore del Lazio plant.  
In January 2017, the procedure for the renewal of the Integrated Environmental Authorisation 
of the plant was obtained and the coordinated Environmental Impact Assessment (Valutazione 
Impatto Ambientale – VIA) / Integrated Environmental Authorisation applications were also 
submitted to the Lazio Region to update the Integrated Environmental Authorisation for the 
plant with operations on three lines, to be used at the maximum thermal load levels. The process 
ended with a positive outcome in June 2017. Lines 2 and 3 of the plant, which are currently 
operating under normal conditions, permitted regular operations during the course of 2016 until 
today, in terms of both the electricity produced and the RDF started for energy recovery. As 
regards Line 1, the reconstruction was completed during September 2016 and the plant has 
been working at its full capacity since October 2016. The start of ordinary operations for this 
plant was authorised on 13 April 2017.  
Expected performance of the plant during 2021, both in terms of waste treatment and 
production of electricity, were affected by adverse weather conditions recorded in the first half 
of the year. Performance was also affected by the postponement, to the end of the second half 
of 2021, of the service of the line 2 turbogenerator and the investments planned to improve line 
1 performance. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the San Vittore plant is the only waste-to-energy plant 
on a regional scale and represents a strategic terminal for the waste chain. 
 
By order of the President of the Lazio Region no. Z00001 of 5 July 2019 (subsequently 
renewed), in order to ensure the treatment phase of the waste management cycle, ACEA 
Ambiente was ordered, among other things, to carry out a series of activities with regard to the 
San Vittore del Lazio waste-to-energy plant. Specifically, the plant had to operate with 
immediate effect at the maximum authorised treatment capacity on a daily basis, guaranteeing 
treatment even on public holidays. 
 
On 23 May 2019, a new agreement was signed with the Municipality of San Vittore del Lazio, 
to govern (i) the relationship between the company and the Municipality until 31 December 
2019, and (ii) the payment of the so-called externalities arising from the plant’s operation, 
pending the signing of the final agreement and, in any case, under an extension until 31 
December 2021. This agreement also represented a settlement of pending litigation and current 
disputes between the parties in relation to the fees as well as a settlement of any tacit settlement 
of charges and collection premiums for the year 2018 and for the first half of 2019. As a result 
of the new public tender that went without bids for the service of transport and 
recovery/disposal of bottom ash, fly ash and PSR produced by the plant, in June 2019 the 
service was extended by private negotiation with the outgoing company until 31 March 2020. 
Following the launch of this procedure for the new Regional waste plan, on 6 August 2019, 
Acea Ambiente submitted comments aimed at better configuring the fourth line that the waste 
plan envisages for the San Vittore site.  
 
The waste-to-energy plant holds the Integrated Environmental Authorisation issued by the 
Lazio Region, with expiry on 25 July 2021 (i.e. 8 years from the expiry date of the previous 
authorisation). On 17 July 2020, an application was sent to the Lazio Region for the extension

--- Page 145 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 142 - 
47-41037952 
 
of the Integrated Environmental Authorisation’s term for a period of further 8 years, in addition 
to the current 8 years-terms. Specifically, in accordance with article 29-octies, paragraph 8, of 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 152 of 3 April 2006, as subsequently amended and supplemented, 
in the event an installation - at the time of issuance of the relevant administrative authorisation 
- is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) no. 1221/2009 (EMAS), the term of the 
authorisation can be extended to sixteen years. The Lazio Region released an extension act in 
February 2021. 
 
In August 2020 Acea Ambiente presented a project in order to realize a new line (4th line) 
which is currently in progress with the expectation that the measures will be achieved by the 
end of 2022.  
 
Orvieto waste dump plant (UL4)  
The waste dump plant is located in the municipality of Orvieto and manages urban and special 
waste. In particular, on the same site there is a non-hazardous waste dump, currently being 
cultivated, and a non-separated biological mechanical waste treatment plant for the separation 
and sale of organic waste from separate collection. In March 2014, the company began waste 
treatment plant reconditioning and, as a consequence, waste transfer to this plant ceased on 30 
April 2014. During 2014, the company completed the construction of the frontal capping and 
filed the relevant environmental authorisation application to make substantial changes to the 
Orvieto plants. The aim of the project is to achieve the following: (i) the extension of landfill 
volumes, with an alternative cultivation system to optimise the running of currently managed 
areas, (ii) an increase in the net capacity of the landfill, (iii) extension of the useful life of the 
landfill guaranteeing continuity of the essential public service for the municipal waste 
processed, (iv) management of area planning and the option to deal with mutual assistance as 
required by current Regional Legislation across ATOs, (v) control of the tariff for the disposal 
of waste in the landfill for the benefit of the Municipalities using the same, and (vi) a reduction 
in the use of natural resources as technical materials.  
In July 2015, the third and final Services Conference was held after which the Orvieto waste 
dump plant filed an Integrated Environmental Authorisation application to make substantial 
modifications to the Orvieto waste dump plant. At the Integrated Environmental Authorisation 
Services Conference, the examined material was unanimously approved. Subsequently, the 
competent Regional Authority re-commenced the Environmental Impact Assessment 
procedure and in September 2015 and November 2015 Environmental Impact Assessment 
conferences were held in which the Orvieto waste dump plant described the above project to 
the participating bodies. On 13 January 2016, the President of the Committee for Regional 
Coordination on Environmental Assessment called a meeting of the committee to carry out an 
assessment.  
The principal revamping work was done on the Orvieto waste treatment plant. This made the 
first parallel with the grid operator possible with the progressive start-up of all sections of the 
plant in the last quarter of the year. On 30 October 2015, the company bought out the biogas 
to energy plant business owned by another company. The biogas is produced in the Orvieto 
waste dump plant.  
As part of a survey on waste to energy plants in the Province of Terni, in November 2015, the 
GSE carried out an audit in accordance with art. 7 of Law 241/1990, concerning the renewable 
energy sources (RES) qualification of the Orvieto Biogas plant. The Terni Provincial Authority 
confirmed that the Orvieto plant’s operations and waste recovery activities were also fully

--- Page 146 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 143 - 
47-41037952 
 
compliant with the provisions of the applicable law. The GSE completed its analysis of the 
procedure for the access to incentives with a positive valuation.  
In 2016, in compliance with the Integrated Environmental Authorisation and the signed 
contracts, the conferment of urban and special non-hazardous waste continued, starting the 
recovery and disposal operations in accordance with the terms provided therein. As regards the 
recovery plant, performance in 2016 was characterised by a phase of stabilisation of the new 
treatment and composting plant within the energy recovery section. With regards to the project 
submitted in 2014 for the morphological adjustment of the site and the optimisation of volumes 
and frontal capping, the Umbria Region interrupted the checking phase without justification 
and, therefore, the company has undertaken the necessary legal action.  
In addition, in May 2017 Acea Ambiente appealed to the courts for the annulment of a 
resolution of the Umbria Regional Council, as well as of all related administrative acts. 
Pursuant to such resolution, the Umbria Regional Council qualified as "insurmountable" the 
objection expressed by the municipality of Orvieto in the context of the coordinated 
Environmental Impact Assessment / Integrated Environmental Authorisation procedure 
relating to the project for the morphological adjustment of the Orvieto site and the optimisation 
of volumes and frontal capping. Following a series of institutional meetings held at the Umbria 
Region’s offices in June, July and September, Acea Ambiente submitted an amendment to the 
project that allowed the verification of environmental compatibility activities during the 
Environmental Impact Assessment to continue. The work of the Services Conference restarted 
in January 2018. The process (Environmental Impact Assessment – Valutazione di Impatto 
Ambientale or VIA) ended with a positive outcome in June 2018, with a new capacity 
authorization for about 400,000 tonnes. 
On 28 August 2019, in order to optimise plant performance in terms of odour, ACEA Ambiente 
submitted to the Umbria Region a non-substantial amendment request for the installation of a 
concentrated aspiration system and subsequent collection of the extracted air to the air 
treatment system serving the quality waste treatment and composting plant. 
 
Regularly ACEA Ambiente also presented a revision of the economic and financial plan 
(“EFP”) to the AURI of Umbria for the revision of the tariffs established in the resolution. 
 
In 2020, the supply of non-hazardous urban and special waste normally continued, 
implementing the recovery and disposal activities according to the terms provided for therein. 
During the period under review, the Orvieto hub was involved in three construction projects: 
(i) construction of the front capping of step 9 of the landfill in operation, (ii) construction of 
the storage shed and, (iii) compost maturation and construction of the rainwater collection tank. 
The aforementioned construction projects have resumed following suspensions due to the 
COVID-19 health emergency. As a result, the original deadlines outlined in plans for 
completion of works have been extended. On 27 August 2020, works were completed for 
construction of the rainwater collection tank pursuant to Directive no. 7019 of 05 July 2020. 
On 16 September 2020, works were completed for the construction of the front capping of step 
9 of the landfill in operation. On 4 June 2021, the performance inspection certificate related to 
the works to construct the compost storage and maturation shed was issued and with subsequent 
Acea Ambiente memo No 3440, the Umbria Region was notified of the launch of the plant for 
7 July 2021. Operations slowed due to a structural problem with a pillar caused by a collision 
with a construction vehicle during the loading of the slabs. Once the pillar was restored,

--- Page 147 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 144 - 
47-41037952 
 
activities resumed and commissioning analyses were scheduled by October 2021. Finally, the 
construction of step 10 of the landfill has been completed and tested during 2021.  
 
Aprilia waste treatment plant (UL7) 
The plant produces and markets mixed compost conditioners; in particular it operates in the 
areas of Campoverde in Aprilia on the basis of a single authorisation for special non-hazardous 
waste treatment and recycling plants obtained from the Province of Latina with a maximum 
capacity of 66,000 tonnes/year. 
On 28 March 2013, the company obtained the permission to increase capacity to up to 120,000 
tonnes per annum through the construction of a biogas plant with the recovery of electricity 
and heat energy. In January 2016, its business activities resumed, after being subject to the 
seizure ordered by the deputy public prosecutor’s office of the Court of Latina due to an 
accident which had occurred in 2014 in the company’s composting plant where two people 
working for one of the external contractors died.  
The plant reopened on 1 June 2016 and resumed its normal operations. The restrictions imposed 
by the competent Authorities for the return to operations following the release of the plant, 
have affected the potential of the plant during this initial phase. In December 2016, the works 
for the realisation of the new plant configuration were started, in order to enable the expansion 
of the treatment capacity of the plant. 
In 2017, the plant carried out ordinary operations, which involved the treatment of different 
types of authorised waste. However, in December 2017, supervisory authorities issued a 
preventive urgent seizure order for the entire plant, following an audit that found that strong 
miasmas coming from the production cycle were causing discomfort to citizens living in the 
immediate vicinity of the plant. Subsequently, the Lazio Region notified a formal order to adopt 
a number of measures in order to remedy the critical issues. ACEA Ambiente adopted the 
measures imposed by the Lazio Region in a timely manner and, in May 2018, Acea Ambiente 
UL7 plant partially restarted its activities. 
The Lazio Region initiated the procedure for the review of the Integrated Environmental 
Authorisation, and on 16 January 2019 the first session of the services conference was held, 
and the second session was held on 28 June 2019. On 23 July 2019, the company submitted all 
the additional/replacement documentation requested. The Lazio Region convened the third 
session of the services conference on 24 September, subsequently postponed to 1 October. 
During the session of the services conference, in order to accelerate the construction of the 
emission chimneys, i.e. the work proposed voluntarily by ACEA Ambiente with which the 
biofilters have been completely closed and the air conveyed at high into the air through 
expulsion chimneys, the Lazio Region decided to send a request for a non-substantial change 
to the Integrated Environmental Authorization. The design documentation was promptly 
delivered on 7 October 2019. The Lazio Region authorised the above non-substantial 
amendment. The company immediately worked to identify the supplier, both for the executive 
design and for the construction of the three chimneys. 
During said period the plant operated, without prejudice to the seizure with right of use which 
was otherwise regulated.

--- Page 148 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 145 - 
47-41037952 
 
With regard to the new anaerobic digestion plant section, the work was completed on 19 
November 2019 with the drafting of the mechanical completion. With a note dated 4 December 
2019, the Lazio Region sent the acknowledgement of the test certificate. It was therefore 
possible to start provisional operation of the plant. Then the sorting/pre-treatment line was 
started and the digesters were loaded with waste and inoculum according to a loading plan 
provided by the supplier. 
On 20 December 2019, once all technical and administrative activities were completed with 
the grid operator, the first parallel with the electricity grid was carried out. The plant thus 
formally commenced operations on that date. 
In the first months of operation of the plant, some management problems arose, leading Acea 
Ambiente to find some disposal spaces at certain authorised plants that, due to the COVID-19 
emergency, the contractor justified by the departure of some operating personnel from the site. 
This caused delays in the start-up and testing phases of the plant and losses of production, 
resulting in significant economic damages. On 5 June 2020, after some events that 
demonstrated an inefficient approach of the contractor, a warning was sent to comply with the 
relevant technical and professional requirements, giving it 30 days to resolve the various 
problems and to bring the plant to a point where commissioning could be commenced. Acea 
Ambiente made a formal claim against the company T.ME. S.p.A. Termomeccanica Ecologia 
for economic damages and penalties due to delays, failures in machinery performance and 
management errors. After an extremely challenging start-up phase, the contractor announced 
the launch of performance testing on 30 November 2020. Performance testing is governed by 
a testing protocol (regarding execution and results) with a minimum term of 90 days. With 
Directive no. G14240 of 26 November 2020, the Lazio Region communicated the successful 
completion of the review of the updated documentation, as submitted from time to time and, 
with Directive no. G00101 of 12 January 2021, issued the new Integrated Environmental 
Authorization, as a review of the previous authorization granted with Directive no. G08408 of 
7 July 2015. During 2021, the functional testing of two significant works carried out at the 
plant was completed, namely the line for production of SRF from plant surplus, which will 
enable waste to be delivered to the San Vittore del Lazio plant, and the compost bagging line, 
which will open up further market outlets for the placement of soil improver. 
By Executive Determination GR3000-000003 dated 9 August 2021, the Lazio Region 
authorised a non-substantial variance for remodelling of incoming waste streams, installation 
of a centrifuge, and installation of a reverse osmosis system. On 17 August 2021, the Company 
filed a request for a non-substantial variance for the implementation of a project to convert the 
existing biogas power plant to a biomethane production facility. In a note dated 3 November 
2021, the Lazio Region deemed to classify the variance as substantial, requesting an update of 
the request, which the Company promptly submitted with updated attachments on 22 
November 2021. Currently the process has not progressed.  
The plant was also subject, during 2021, to certain interventions functional to the subsequent 
admission to the payment of administrative penalties relating to (i) the exceeding of certain 
limits on composted soil improver with sludge produced in the previous year, (ii) the above-
mentioned dispute relating to odorous emissions in 2017 (which led to the seizure of the plant, 
subsequently revoked) and (iii) the exceeding of certain acoustic limits found in 2021. All 
prescriptive reports were resolved with compliance and admission of payment by subsequent 
settlement.

--- Page 149 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 146 - 
47-41037952 
 
Monterotondo Marittimo plant (UL5)  
With effect from 29 December 2016, Solemme S.p.A. merged into ACEA Ambiente after the 
corporate reorganisation process described above. The plants, after the merger of S.A.MA.CE. 
S.r.l. into Solemme S.p.A., have operated since 1 July 2015 in the waste recycling sector, 
composting organic waste, in particular sludge, from civil waste treatment and producing 
mixed compost conditioners. Therefore, the two plants are: (i) the Monterotondo Marittimo 
plant (UL5), a composting plant which is included in the Grosseto Provincial Authorities’ 
waste management plan; and (ii) the Sabaudia Plant (UL6), which recycles and disposes of 
waste according to the Integrated Environmental Authorisation issued by the Lazio Regional 
Authority. 
The reference market of the Monterotondo Marittimo plant is residential sludge produced in 
Tuscany, and, in particular, within the territorial scope of ATO6 Ombrone, in the Provinces of 
Grosseto and Siena as well as from the treatment of waste from separate collection. 
With specific reference to the Monterotondo Marittimo plant, under Tuscany Regional Decree 
3866, in June 2016 the Integrated Environmental Authorisation was granted for operating the 
plant in its current configuration and for the realisation of the expansion plan, consisting of 
enhancing the current plant and including an anaerobic digestion section. The procedure for 
identifying the business entity that will deal with the executive design and realisation of the 
new plant layout was completed and, in April 2018, the construction of the new areas of the 
plant started. The monitoring and control activities requested under the Integrated 
Environmental Authorization were carried out, while the plant continued to carry out its 
existing operations. On 7 February 2017, the Tuscany Region issued Regional Decree No. 
1175, pursuant to which ACEA Ambiente obtained the Integrated Environmental 
Authorization initially issued in favour of the incorporated Solemme S.p.A. 
With reference to the activities of the plant, on 31 December 2017 the delivery of waste was 
interrupted in order to proceed with revamping and expansion. During the month of May 2018, 
construction activities began for the construction of the new plant, and during June 2018 the 
works were handed over definitively. On 13 September 2019, a communication was sent to the 
Tuscany Region for the start of organic waste transfers from 14 October 2019, with a 
description of the various phases of plant activation. The transfer of woody materials began on 
22 October 2019, while on 31 October 2019, in compliance with the applicable Integrated 
Environmental Authorization’s requirement, the certificate of completion of the work 
necessary for the start of the transfer of organic waste – which began on 4 November 2019 – 
was submitted. The first parallel with the electricity grid took place on 5 December 2019. 
In March 2020, the revision of the new PM&C was sent for final approval, which transposed 
the provisions of ARPAT's technical contributions of November 2019 and February 2020, as 
part of the non-substantial amendment procedure initiated by Acea Ambiente in July 2019. The 
procedure was formally completed with final notification of Decree no. 10592 of 14/07/2020 
of the Tuscany Region. On 27 August 2020, the documentation was submitted for review in 
the context of renewal of the Integrated Environmental Authorisation in force, in line with the 
provisions of the calendar for submission as indicated in annex 1 of the Decree of the Tuscany 
Region no. 16905 of 25 October 2018, also confirmed with Decree of the Tuscany Region no. 
8675 of 12 June 2020. The first services conference was called for 17 November 2020, 
following which additional documentation was requested and subsequently submitted. As a 
result of the COVID-19 emergency, in March 2020, the personnel of subcontractors and 
suppliers of the contractor involved in technical management returned to their places of

--- Page 150 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 147 - 
47-41037952 
 
residence and, therefore, in order to avoid suspending plant operation, with the obvious 
consequences in terms of continuity of the process (interruption of aerobic and anaerobic 
treatment, management of outputs and leachates, etc.), the contractor was temporarily provided 
with Acea Ambiente personnel for a period of approximately 15 days. The COVID-19 
emergency led to delays in the start-up and testing phases of the plant by the contractor with 
consequent impacts on inputs and economic results. Management of the plant passed to the 
operational management of UL5 on 29 July 2020, following completion of approval tests on 
performance by the contractor.  
On 27 August 2020, the Company submitted a request to review the Integrated Environmental 
Authorisation for its adjustment to the BAT Conclusions for waste treatment plants (as per 
Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2018/1147 of 10 August 2018 of the European 
Commission). On 17 September 2021, the Tuscany Region issued Resolution no. 15895 of 15 
September 2021 as a review of the Integrated Environmental Authorisation. The act, which had 
typos and inconsistencies between the various documents, was subsequently remedied by 
means of the rectification issued by Executive Determination no. 19226 of 4 November 2021. 
In any case, the new Integrated Environmental Authorisation, by virtue of the achievement of 
the Environmental Management System certification to UNI EN ISO 14001 level, authorises 
the plant for a duration of 12 years.  
In December 2021, an explanatory note was sent to ARPA Tuscany Region providing 
information and explanations regarding several exceedances recorded during the analysis of 
the emissions of the biofilter with reference to the odour parameter and for a single sector to 
ammonia. As a consequence, extraordinary interventions have been carried out, including the 
total replacement of the bio-filtering biomass, which was completed in April 2022. 
Sabaudia plant (UL6) 
With regards to the Sabaudia plant (UL6), during the third quarter of 2015 the company filed 
an application to increase its capacity by up to 50,000 tonnes per annum of compostable waste, 
with the construction of a new aerobic composting section, so as to attain an overall capacity 
of 78,000 tonnes per annum of treatable waste.  
With regard to the composting section of the Sabaudia plant, the Integrated Environmental 
Authorisation issued by the Lazio Region on 1 December 2008 is still being renewed. In any 
case the Integrated Environmental Authorisation was formally extended by the Lazio Region 
pending the conclusion of the authorisation process. During this process, the Province of Latina 
requested the acquisition of the water authorisation. ACEA Ambiente obtained the 
authorisation from the Lazio Region and a favourable opinion for the water concession of areas 
belonging to the water/fluvial state property from the Consorzio di Bonifica dell’Agro Pontino. 
On 27 November 2019, the Province of Latina issued the state concession/authorisation for 
water alone. In order to comply with the requirements of the state concession, it was necessary 
to carry out certain projects to temporarily interrupt waste management in order to avoid 
interfering with the work. A suspension of deliveries was implemented starting from 31 
October 2019. Operationally, with the temporary suspension of the deliveries, the last 
composting cycles ended by June 2020.  
The tender procedure was completed and the aforementioned works for the adaptation of the 
plant to the requirements of the Consorzio di Bonifica Agro Pontino were assigned following 
verification of the adequacy of the tenders. The works were completed on 10 March 2021. As

--- Page 151 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 148 - 
47-41037952 
 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, part of the works (demolition and reconstruction of a roof) 
has not been possible to execute because it was subject to the issuance by the Municipality of 
Sabaudia of an amnesty, which must be followed by a planning authorisation. With protocol 
no 51589 of 30 November 2021, the Municipality of Sabaudia issued the planning opinion 
which resolves the issue of building permits. The Municipality’s final investigation for the 
amnesty permit remains to be completed.  
Pending the resumption of the plant activity in its new configuration (scheduled for January 
2024), all the UL6 operating personnel was progressively transferred to the UL7 composting 
plant in Aprilia.  
Chiusi Plant (UL Bioecologia) 
On 29 November 2018, ACEA Ambiente acquired from Siena Ambiente S.p.A. the 100% of 
the share capital of Bioecologia S.r.l., a company operating in the liquid waste purification, 
treatment and intermediation sector (“Bioecologia”). The activity is carried out in the treatment 
plants located in the municipalities of in Le Biffe, Pianino and ex Comova.  
In 2020, Bioecologia regularly provided services for the purification of urban wastewater in 
the Municipalities of Chiusi and Buonconvento (in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the relevant agreements enetered into with the operators of the integrated water service), 
performing the treatment of special non-hazardous waste in accordance with the integrated 
environmental authorisation ("Integrated Environmental Authorisation") (Autorizzazione 
Integrata Ambientale – AIA) specifications.  
Furthermore, the technical management of the plants and the performance of the purification 
and waste treatment services were facilitated by the supply of new machines for the mechanical 
pre-treatment of waste and by the priority restoration works carried out during 2019. During 
2020 and 2021, further efforts were in any case made to acquire residual treatment capacity in 
the suspended-biomass biological segment and to make it more efficient in terms of electricity 
consumption. Replacement of the bed of oxygenators of the second oxidation reactor allowed 
a significant economic saving equal to approximately 25,000 kWh/month. Similarly, evident 
increased oxidative capacity for the segment allowed an increase in the flow of waste sent for 
treatment. In September 2020, mechanical cleaning of the tank for storage and homogenisation 
of waste of the biological treatment line was started, using mechanical dehydration. The 
intervention included the installation of a new mechanical mixing system with submersible 
mixers to replace the previous mixing with compressed air. The plant improvement made it 
possible to standardise the waste prior to centrifuge dehydration, for greater treatment 
efficiency, and to minimise potential odour emissions. 
Effective from 1 May 2021, Bioecologia S.r.l. was merged by incorporation into Acea 
Ambiente. 
The transport and recovery of treatment sludge activities 
All the activities of transport and recovery of treatment sludge were previously carried out by 
Aquaser S.r.l., Kyklos S.r.l., Solemme S.p.A. (from 1 July 2015, the merger of S.A.MA.CE. 
S.r.l. into Solemme S.p.A. came into effect) and Isa S.r.l. Until the end of 2015, such companies 
were called the "Aquaser Group". Since 2016, due to the corporate reorganisation described 
above, the quota and shares in these companies belong to Aquaser (ISA) and ACEA Ambiente 
(Kyklos S.r.l. and Solemme S.p.A.).

--- Page 152 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 149 - 
47-41037952 
 
The facilities of the former Aquaser Group, through the treatment of sewage sludge coming 
from the integrated water operators of the Group, allow significant synergies between the 
Group companies operating in the environmental sector and those in the water sector. The 
integrated water operators, which are required by law to dispose of sewage sludge that is 
produced at the end of the water cycle process, can reduce the costs of such disposal by 
transferring their final waste to specialised environmental facilities instead of disposing of them 
in landfills or at other sites outside the Group. At the same time, the environmental companies 
benefit from a continuous and consolidated supply of organic waste to be converted into 
marketable products. 
AQUASER S.r.l. ("AQUASER") was set up in order to manage ancillary services associated 
with the integrated water services, undertaking the recovery and disposal of sludge from 
biological treatment and waste produced from water treatment, treating effluent and liquid 
waste, and providing services connected thereto. The company is 85.29 per cent. owned by 
ACEA Ambiente, 1.00 per cent owned by ACEA, 1.00 per cent owned by ACEA Ato5, 1.00 
per cent owned by ACEA Ato2, 8.00 per cent. owned by Acquedotto del Fiora, 1.00 per cent. 
owned by Umbra Acque, 1.00 per cent. owned by Publiacqua and 1.71 per cent. owned by 
Acque. 
AQUASER currently transports and recovers sludge for most of the water companies in the 
ACEA Group. The location of the plants is important: two in Lazio, which process the sludge 
transferred under the contract with ACEA ATO 2 and ACEA ATO 5, and one in Tuscany near 
Grosseto, which processes the sludge transferred under the contracts with companies operating 
in Tuscany and Umbria, resulting in a reduction of transportation costs.  
During 2015, AQUASER started providing a sludge dewatering, loading, transportation and 
recycling/ disposal service also for GE.SE.SA. Recycling activities involved spreading the 
sludge on farmland (on the basis of an authorisation mainly held by AQUASER) or conferred 
to the composting plants of controlled/ associate companies or those of third parties, while the 
remaining waste was disposed of almost entirely in third party treatment plants/dumps.  
During 2021, the company consolidated its market position by strengthening its transport 
activities through the acquisition of vehicles and personnel that now allow the management, at 
least partially, of the corresponding services. 
AQUASER currently wholly or partially performs the service of loading, transport and 
recovery/disposal of waste from water purification for the companies of the ACEA Group. 
ISA S.r.l. ("ISA"), a company which merged into AQUASER with effect from 1 November 
2016 after the corporate reorganisation process described above, previously operated in the 
services, logistics and transportation sectors, with a strategic importance to reach market 
consolidation objectives.  
ISA was bought to strengthen the group organization and provide group services in a more 
independent way, not only transportation but also services relating to other activities associated 
with and complementary to the farmland spreading of sludge, the maintenance of the drying 
beds and automatic discharge services, which have led to a significant increase in business 
activities. ISA’s services are almost exclusively provided to associate companies. ISA currently 
has its own fleet for haulage activities. 
Acque Industriali S.r.l.

--- Page 153 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 150 - 
47-41037952 
 
Acque Industriali S.r.l., through the management of specific platforms, provides intermediation 
and liquid waste treatment services to private companies operating both regionally and 
nationally, as well as activities collateral to those of the integrated water cycle consisting 
mainly in the recovery and disposal of biological sludge. 
The company carries designs and builds plants mainly related to the treatment of wastewater 
and sludge and waste in general, as well as the treatment of atmospheric emissions, following 
up with their subsequent ordinary and extraordinary management, as well as carrying out 
design, direction and execution of works in the field of environmental remediation of polluted 
sites, mainly in the industrial sector. It also performs research and development in the sectors 
of reference in partnership with research bodies at both a regional and national level. 
Iseco 
At the end of February 2017, ACEA acquired ISECO S.p.A. ("Iseco") as part of the acquisition 
of the TWS Group (Technologies for Water Services). 
It has been operating since 1987 in the sector of water services and in the production of whey 
powder, dealing with the executive design, construction and management of industrial 
ecological plants, also with complex technology and public service, and managing the plant for 
drying of whey from Saint Marcel, in the Valle d’Aosta region. 
Iseco also operates in the milk-diary business, whose main activities consist in the production 
of whey powder, the sale of the related products for zootechnical and food use and the 
processing of seroderivatives on behalf of third parties. As a result of the strong upturn recorded 
in the whey market, during 2021 a boost was given to the processing of this product in a 
concentrated and crystallised form on behalf of third parties. 
Demap S.r.l.  
Demap S.r.l., in which Acea acquired an equity interest of 90% on 4 July 2019 (“Demap”), 
carries out its activity in the field of sorting plastic packaging from urban waste collection. It 
is one of the 30 or so selection centres that have an agreement with the COREPLA consortium, 
responsible for achieving the recycling and recovery targets for plastic packaging of consumed 
products. 
 
Separate collection of plastic packaging is regulated at a national level by a framework 
agreement between Anci and Conai and by the technical annexes concluded between Anci and 
the individual value chain consortia which, in the case of plastic packaging, provide that 
collection may be transferred to the sorting centre either selectively (mono-material collection) 
or jointly (multi-material collection). Demap carries out its business in compliance with current 
regulations and is authorised under Italian Legislative Decree 152/06 with procedure issued by 
the Province of Turin no. 133-25027/2010 of 23 June 2010. 
On 12 December 2021, a fire broke out at the storage shed (known as DEMAP2), located in 
Beinasco, of waste consisting of plastic packaging from the urban collection of separated 
fractions, adjacent to the plant and owned by the company. Although investigations by the 
Public Prosecutor's Office are still underway, the accident seems to have originated from a 
diesel-powered forklift.

--- Page 154 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 151 - 
47-41037952 
 
On 14 December 2021, ARPA installed a mobile laboratory in order to monitor the evolution 
of air quality in the areas surrounding the fire over the long term. Given the difficulties in 
extinguishing the fire, although in a decidedly minor and controlled form, the fire continued in 
the days following the event. Therefore, the fire which started on 12 December and ended - in 
the phase of possible environmental impact - around 24 December 2021, released dangerous 
and toxic gases into the atmosphere which led the Municipality of Beinasco to undertake, after 
consultation with Civil Protection and local health authorities, a series of actions aimed at 
limiting or at least reducing to the minimum, any possible exposure to the population. These 
measures were necessary given the levels of contaminants detected in the first hours of 
intervention on the ground and also confirmed in the days immediately following the fire by 
monitoring carried out on the ground with portable instruments. About ten days after the 
development of the fire, in correspondence with a greater atmospheric instability over the 
whole territory, the concentrations of almost all pollutants measured by the ARPA mobile 
laboratory returned to the average for the period.  
In the days immediately following the event, the company took steps to identify a specialist in 
the activities of demolition and removal of the burnt material and the partially collapsed shed. 
With Seizure Decree of 16 December 2021, the evidentiary seizure of the DEMAP2 shed, of 
the burnt waste contained therein, of the waste present on the forecourt, as well as of the forklift 
truck from which the fire presumably originated, was ordered. By order of 30 December 2021, 
the Turin Public Prosecutor's Office authorised the removal of the burnt waste to a depleted 
landfill in Vinovo and the demolition of the shed.  
During the week of 14 January 2022, all the verification operations were carried out in order 
to allow for, as soon as possible, the complete resumption of activities, after cleaning, 
mechanical and electrical maintenance. On 16 February 2022, following the necessary testing, 
the plant resumed regular operation. 
Berg S.p.A. 
Berg S.p.A., in which Acea acquired an equity interest of 60% on 18 October 2019 (“Berg”), 
operates in the environmental services sector and in particular in the treatment of liquid and 
solid waste. 
Berg carries out is activities at the Frosinone plant, managing the storage and treatment of 
hazardous and non-hazardous liquid and solid waste. In terms of authorisation, the plant has an 
Integrated Environmental Authorisation issued by the Lazio Region with Executive Resolution 
B0201/09 of 30 January 2009, expiring on 30 January 2025. In May 2021, the company 
submitted a request to review the Integrated Environmental Authorisation for its adjustment to 
the BAT Conclusions for waste treatment plants (as per Commission Implementing Decision 
(EU) 2018/1147 of 10 August 2018 of the European Commission). During the same year, the 
experimental authorisation pursuant to Art. 211 of Legislative Decree No 152/06 for the 
combined pilot plant for the recovery of fly ash, bottom ash and residual sodium carbonate was 
obtained, with Executive Resolution GI0926/2021 by the Lazio Region, with a duration of 2 
years from the date of issuance of the acceptance certificate. 
Ferrocart S.r.l. and Cavallari S.r.l. 
On 19 February 2020, Acea entered into an agreement for the acquisition of an equity holding 
of 60%, respectively, of the share capital of Ferrocart S.r.l. (“Ferrocart”) and Cavallari S.r.l.

--- Page 155 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 152 - 
47-41037952 
 
(“Cavallari”) (which owns 100% of Multigreen S.r.l. (“Multigreen”)), active in the storage, 
treatment and selection of waste.  
The companies Ferrocart, Cavallari and Multigreen, which together own four plants with a total 
authorised capacity of more than 145 thousand tonnes per year, operate in the provinces of 
Terni and Ancona, performing activities pertaining to the selection and recovery of paper, iron, 
wood, plastic and metals. They are also active in the management of differentiated production 
and packaging refuse collection as well as the disposal of waste, mostly on behalf of Corepla 
(“National Consortium for the Collection, Recycling and Recovery of Plastic Packages”).  
Based on 100% of the enterprise value of Ferrocart and Cavallari, the transaction had an 
economic value of Euro 25 million. Ferrocart and Cavallari were fully consolidated by Acea 
from 22 April 2020. 
Effective from 1 January 2021, Multigreen was merged by incorporation into Cavallari. 
In 2021, the total amount of material processed in Cavallari’s secondary plastic selection plant 
was equal to 36,300 tonnes, while the secondary fuel production plant of said company reached 
the new target of 12,000 tonnes processed in the year. 
During 2021, Ferrocart maintained its relationships with companies that manage separate 
collection of waste either through contracts for direct assignment or through tenders. Relations 
with all value chain consortia also continued regularly, as did the intermediation service for the 
pulper. Starting from 7 January 2021, the dismantling and assembly works of a new plant for 
processing plastic bottles began; the plant is still subject to tests. 
On 20 February 2022, the plant was affected by a fire that involved a pile of waste from the 
sorting of separate collection, which damaged several roofing structures. ARPA Umbria 
proceeded to carry out sampling activities in order to monitor the quality of air in the 
surroundings of the site. As the plant was not affected by the fire, its regular use was resumed 
as early as 22 February 2022. The causes that produced this event are currently being 
ascertained and the company has been involved in requests for documentation, which has been 
promptly provided without having to interrupt the plant's operations. 
Deco S.p.A. 
Deco S.p.A. operates in the waste sector in Abruzzo and is engaged in the design, construction 
and management of plants for the treatment, disposal and recovery of municipal solid waste 
and plants for energy recovery from renewable sources. The scope of the business includes: a 
Mechanical-Biological Treatment (MBT) plant with an authorised capacity of 270,000 
tonnes/year, a photovoltaic plant, a biogas plant and two disposal plants. The company also 
holds 100% of Ecologica Sangro S.p.A., a company operating in Abruzzo in the sector of 
integrated management of solid urban waste. 
Meg S.r.l. and S.E.R. plast S.r.l. 
Located in San Giovanni Ilarione (province of Verona), Meg S.r.l. operates in the plastic 
recycling business, a segment which is downstream with respect to that of post-consumption 
plastic selection in which ACEA is already present with Demap and Cavallari.

--- Page 156 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 153 - 
47-41037952 
 
In January 2022, Acea Ambiente acquired 70% of S.E.R. plast S.r.l., which operates in the 
same business sector as Meg S.r.l. The company is located in Cellino Attanasio (province of 
Teramo). 
A.S. Recycling S.r.l. 
On 22 December 2021, Acea Ambiente acquired 90% of A.S. Recycling, a company that is 
currently inactive but which will become a Corepla affiliated centre for secondary plastic SRF 
recycling (Breakdown of plastics into the various polymer categories for sorting). The company 
is located in Cittaducale (province of Rieti). 
ENGINEERING AND SERVICES 
The Engineering and Services business segment of the Group has a developed know-how in 
the design, construction and management of integrated water systems and develops research 
projects aimed to the technological innovation in the water, environmental and energy sectors. 
Particular importance is dedicated to laboratory services (analytical controls) and engineering 
consultancy. 
In 2021, revenues from the Engineering and Services business segment amounted to Euro 111.9 
million, with an increase of Euro 23 million (25.9 per cent.) compared to the previous year 
(Euro 88.9 million).  
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personnel costs, Income 
from equity investments and EBITDA of the Group’s Engineering and Services business 
segment for the financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Engineering and services 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues 
111.9 
88.9 
Costs 
94.7 
74.2 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA) 
17.3 
14.7 
 
Acea Engineering Laboratories Research Innovation S.p.A. ("Acea Elabori"), previously 
called LaboratoRI S.p.A., is ACEA’s wholly-owned subsidiary within the Group principally 
responsible for undertaking research and development projects. Acea Elabori provides 
engineering, laboratory, research and innovation services in the sectors of the water, waste and 
energy cycle, across all the areas of interest of the Group. 
The activities carried out concern the various fields of technical-managerial interest, which 
include analytical checks on the integrated water and waste cycle, protection and optimisation 
of the use of water resources, design and construction of works for the integrated water service 
and for treatment – disposal – energy recovery from waste and for the production of 
hydroelectric and thermoelectric energy. 
Laboratory activities 
The laboratory offers analytical services on the various environmental matrices connected with 
the prescriptions dictated by relevant regulations.

--- Page 157 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 154 - 
47-41037952 
 
In 2021, as part of the analytical activities carried out on water intended for human 
consumption, analytical services were performed on 12,120 samples and 444,838 analyses 
were carried out against the 448,185 analyses for 2020.  
With reference to the checks carried out for wastewater (sewage and treatment systems 
managed by Group Acea), 10,656 samples were analysed for a total of 193,107 analyses 
(11,518 samples and 214,819 analyses in 2020). 
Engineering activity 
Acea Elabori supplies engineering services to the companies in the Water Segment, in 
particular ACEA ATO 2 and ACEA ATO 5. 
In recent years, the company has consolidated the development of engineering activities in 
other Energy Infrastructure and Environment Segments of Acea as well, with the design and 
direction of works for the valorisation of waste and the production of hydroelectric and 
thermoelectric energy and related "specialist and support" activities. 
In particular, Acea Elabori implemented the engineering segment through the internalization 
of the construction activities in EPC approach, in particular ACEA ATO2. 
On 8 April 2020, Acea entered into an agreement for the purchase of an equity holding of 70% 
of the share capital of Simam S.p.A. (Servizi Industriali Manageriali Ambientali) (“Simam”), 
a leading company in the engineering, construction and management of water and waste 
treatment facilities, and in environmental interventions and remediation, with high-tech global 
services. 
The acquisition represented an evolution of the Engineering and Services business segment, 
aimed at ensuring efficiency and flexibility of support for the operating companies, providing 
value to the Group and strengthening the internal know-how, through the standardisation of 
production solutions and the application of new technologies in the fields of design and project 
management. Synergies were immediately put in place with the launch of development sites 
and integration projects. The economic value of the transaction, in terms of enterprise value for 
100% of the company, is equal to Euro 30 million. The agreement envisages the possibility of 
acquiring additional shares of up to 100% of the company from 2023.  
Based on 100% of the enterprise value of Simam, the transaction has an economic value of 
Euro 30 million. Simam has been fully consolidated by Acea from 7 May 2020. The sale and 
purchase agreement provides for the possibility to purchase additional shares up to 100% of 
the Simam’s share capital, starting from 2023. The expected annual contribution to EBITDA 
is approximately € 7 million. Finally, On 24 July 2020 the price adjustment amounted to € 1.3 
million.  
Research and innovation activities 
Acea Elabori carries out research and innovation activities in the water, environmental and 
energy sectors and develops technical consulting and applied research projects for the 
companies of the ACEA Group, aimed at technological and digital innovation, process 
optimisation and recovery of materials and energy with a focus on the circular economy and 
sustainable management, also making use of framework agreements with the scientific 
community and national and EU funded programmes.

--- Page 158 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 155 - 
47-41037952 
 
Among these projects, the so called “ACEASMARTCOMP Project” was prepared with the 
invaluable support of the University of Tuscia and Enea, targeting the logic of the Waste 
Transition and proposing a new model of organic waste management, from large plants to 
diffuse waste management. 
The project, which has required extensive development and involved internal and external 
expertise from many different areas, was patented in 2020 and is in the process of being 
industrialised.  
TWS offers a complete range of activities in the design, construction and management of plants 
for the management of integrated water service. In 2021, work continued on the construction 
contracts acquired on the market prior to TWS's entry into the ACEA Group and at the same 
time the implementation of works for the companies of the Group.  
Intra-group activities constitute the new mission of TWS's business, as it can acquire orders 
from the market to an extent not exceeding 20%, in accordance with regulatory requirements. 
Ingegnerie Toscane S.r.l. manages the conception and development of projects aimed at the 
completion of works, including the design, construction supervision and safety coordination. 
Year 2021 saw a strengthening of the traditional engineering services, which will assume 
greater weight within the services provided by the company, also as a result of the greater 
investments of the companies managing the Integrated Water Service, which are the main 
clients of the works design. From 2022, Ingegnerie Toscane will possibly manage an 
implementation of contracts acquired on the market. 
OVERSEAS 
The companies of the Overseas business segment of the Group provide integrated water 
services in Latin America (notably in Honduras, Dominican Republic, Colombia and Peru), 
with a customer base of approximately 4 million people. The activities of the Overseas segment 
are conducted with local and international partners, including through training of staff and 
transfer of expertise in favour of local entrepreneurs. 
In 2021, revenues from the Overseas business segment amounted to Euro 77.1 million, with an 
increase of Euro 14.7 million (23.6 per cent.) compared to the previous year (Euro 62.4 
million).  
The table below shows the contribution to revenues, operating and personnel costs, Income 
from equity investments and EBITDA of the Group’s Overseas business segment for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Overseas 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
millions of euro 
Revenues ........................................... 
77.1 
62.4 
Costs .................................................. 
49.7 
37.1 
Gross Operating Profit (EBITDA)  
27.4 
25.3 
 
The Group operates in the Overseas business segment mainly through the following 
companies:

--- Page 159 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 156 - 
47-41037952 
 
− Acea International S.A. an holding company substantially wholly-owned by the Issuer to 
which in April 2017 the Issuer transferred the shares of the following companies: 
o Aguas de San Pedro S.A. (Honduras) ("Aguas de San Pedro"), which carries out 
its activity with respect to customers of San Pedro Sula. The Group holds 60.65% 
of the share capital of Aguas de San Pedro, which is fully consolidated.  
o Acea Dominicana S.A. (Dominican Republic) ("Acea Dominicana"), which 
provides the service to the local municipality known as CAASD (Corporación del 
Acueducto y Alcantarillado de Santo Domingo). Acea Dominicana is wholly owned 
by Acea. 
− Agua Azul Bogotà S.A. (Colombia), of which the Group holds 51% of the share capital 
and is consolidated on the basis of the equity method with effect from the 2016 financial 
statements as a result of a change in the composition of the Board of Directors. The 
company is currently in liquidation. 
− Consorcio Servicio Sur controlled by Acea International S.A. (50%), ACEA ATO 2 (1%) 
and by local partners Conhydra, Valio and India (total 49%). The Consorcio was 
established on 5 July 2018 with the specific aim of managing the corrective maintenance 
service for the drinking water and sewerage systems of the Directorate of Services Sur of 
Lima (Peru). The company went out of business in August 2021 and is currently in 
liquidation. 
− Consorcio Agua Azul S.A. (Peru) ("Consorcio Agua Azul"), which provides water and 
sewerage services in the city of Lima. The Group held 25.5% of the share capital of 
Consorcio Agua Azul. On 13 January 2020, the Group acquired additional shares in the 
company from the outgoing shareholder Impregilo International Infrastructures N.V. As a 
result, the Group’s shareholding in Consorcio Agua Azul increased from 25.5% to 44.0%. 
− Acea Perù (Peru), which is wholly owned by Acea International S.A., was established on 
28 June 2018, in order to take development opportunities in Peru. From December 2019, 
the company is operating in the north area of Lima for an emergency situation in the 
maintenance of water supply.  
− Consorcio ACEA, established on 15 December 2020, is controlled by Acea Perù (99%) and 
ACEA ATO 2 (1%). Consorcio ACEA signed a three-year contract for the management of 
pumping stations for drinking water in Lima.  
− Consorcio Acea Lima Norte, controlled by Acea Perù (99%) and ACEA ATO2 (1%), 
established on 5 January 2021. Consorcio Acea Lima Norte signed a three-year contract for 
maintenance of the water and sewerage network in the northern zone of Lima. 
− Consorcio Acea Lima Sur, controlled by Acea Perù (99%) and ACEA ATO2 (1%), 
established on 6 October 2021. Consorcio Acea Lima Sur signed a three-year contract for 
corrective maintenance of the water and sewerage network in the southern zone of Lima. 
The contract started in December 2021.

--- Page 160 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 157 - 
47-41037952 
 
STRATEGY 
On 26 October 2020, the Board of Directors of Acea approved the 2020-2024 Business Plan 
(the “Business Plan”) which supersedes the previous 2019-2022 business plan (the “Previous 
Business Plan”) and was published on its website along with a press release summarising the 
main elements of such Business Plan. 
The Business Plan, which is characterised by a strong focus on sustainability, sets out the main 
financial targets of the Group, which include: 
- total capital expenditures of Euro 4.7 billion (including expenditure for extraordinary 
transactions) during the period 2020-2024, with a growth of approximately 700 million 
Euro compared to the Previous Business Plan;  
- an increase in the regulated asset base from Euro 4.4 billion at the end of 2019, to Euro 5.3 
billion at the end of 2022 and Euro 5.9 billion at the end of 2024; and 
- a balanced evolution of the ratio between net financial position and regulated asset base, 
from 0.7x at the end of 2019, to 0.8x at the end of 2022 and 0.7x at the end of 2024. 
The Business Plan, which builds on, and continues the actions provided under, the Previous 
Business Plan also includes a significant evolution of the Group’s focus on sustainability, in 
particular the strong growth in the generation of electricity from renewable sources, in the 
photovoltaic business, and the commitment to electric mobility in order to effectively 
contribute more and more to energy transition and decarbonisation. These elements are 
reflected in the acronym “GRIDS”, which summarizes the actionable levers the ACEA Group 
is focused on. In particular, such “GRIDS” are designed to deliver continued growth (Growth), 
to increase the development of renewables, with 747 MW installed PV capacity in 2024 
(Renewables), to push on technological innovation also in industrial processes (Innovation), to 
achieve ambitious targets and exceed them (Delivery), with an approach that sees sustainable 
development as a cornerstone, in terms of an increasing focus on environmental impact and 
circular economy (Sustainability) with actions that directly reflect on company activities and 
on the products / services offered to our customers. The main services offered to customers 
supporting the ecological transition concern the installation of residential photovoltaic facilities 
and solar thermal plants (with the installation of about 1,000 domestic plants in 2024), the smart 
comp, a proximity composters that reduce the impacts of organic waste (with a target of 150 
composters installed by 2024), the “100% ECO” sales offer - dedicated to all the customers of 
the free market. Acea will supply 100% green electricity, produced exclusively from renewable 
sources and certified with a "guarantee of origin", and gas with 0% CO2 emission thanks to 
carbon dioxide emissions compensation through the purchase of certified carbon credits (VER: 
Verified Emissions Reduction). 
Investments 
The Business Plan provides for a target of Euro 4.7 billion in investments, approximately Euro 
700 million higher than the Previous Business Plan, of which Euro 4.3 billion related to 
industrial capex, over 80% of which in regulated businesses, and Euro 0.4 billion related to 
extraordinary transactions. A major drive will be on innovation where, over the period covered 
by the Business Plan, Euro 615 million will be invested in selected projects mainly concerning 
digitalisation (including the development of a new Salesforce CRM platform and the 
introduction of a corporate data lake and a data-driven asset management) and the creation of 
systems for intelligent grids and service management.

--- Page 161 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 158 - 
47-41037952 
 
The planned industrial capex initiatives are as follows: 
- Euro 2.2 billion in the Water sector, including Euro 170 million for projects related to 
ensuring the water supply continuity of the Peschiera and Marcio aqueducts; 
- Euro 1.3 billion in the Energy Infrastructure sector, of which Euro 145 million for upgrade 
investments in the power grid’s resilience and Euro 155 million for development work on 
the power grid; 
- Euro 0.2 billion for investments in organic growth of the Environment sector, as well as an 
additional amount of Euro 0.2 billion for extraordinary transactions, focused on waste 
recovery and treatment plants; 
- Euro 0.2 billion in the Commercial & Trading sector, mainly for activities aimed at new 
customer acquisition, digitalisation and the development of smart service offerings; 
- Euro 0.1 billion in the electricity Generation business segment, plus a further Euro 170 
million for extraordinary transactions to accelerate expansion of the photovoltaic plant 
portfolio; and 
- Euro 0.3 billion in other investments mainly related to IT systems and other investments. 
For additional information, see “ – Business segment actions” below. 
Focus on Sustainability 
In accordance with the Business Plan, the Group’s growth and value creation will be tied to the 
achievement of sustainability objectives, which are increasingly reflected in the performance 
indicators. Sustainability represents a characterising and structural element that guides the 
Group’s business decisions and operational management. Such focus on sustainability is 
reflected in the Business Plan, as Euro 2.1 billion in capital expenditures (out of a total of Euro 
4.7 billion, representing an increase of Euro 400 million (of which, more than Euro 180 million 
relate to the installation of smart water and electric meters, more than Euro 120 million relate 
to the efficiency and resiliency of electric grids and more than Euro 100 million relate to the 
improvement of the purification system) as compared to the Previous Business Plan) are related 
to specific sustainability targets, selected based on their priority and relevance for the Group. 
More specifically, these investments will be dedicated to the protection and management of 
water resources, through actions on the grid that are expected to deliver significant reductions 
in leaks corresponding to a targeted recovery of 440 million cubic metres of water over the 
Business Plan period.  
The following graph provides for the Acea’s new and more challenging targets pursued in the 
sustainability sector through the Business Plan, compared to those of the Previous Business 
Plan.

--- Page 162 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 159 - 
47-41037952 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
___ 
(1) Weighted average for the area. 
(2) 1.3 million of meters related to the Energy Infrastructure business (ARETI) and 0.5 million 
meters related to the Water business. 
 
The investments in sustainability will also include the contribution to the development of 
electric mobility, through the installation of more than 2,200 electric charging stations, and the 
fight against climate change, by increasing the electricity produced by photovoltaic plants. 
Specifically, the following chart shows the split of the capital expenditure investments 
projected and the sustainable developments goals, related to the sustainability targets to be 
reached by Acea over the Business Plan.  
 
 
DECENT WORK 
AND ECONOMIC 
GROWTH 
8 
CLEAN WATER 
AND 
SANITATION 
6 
AFFORDABLE 
AND CLEAN 
ENERGY 
7 
INDUSTRY 
INNOVATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
9 
SUSTAINABLE 
CITIES AND 
COMMUNITIES 
11 
RESPONSIBLE 
CONSUMPTION 
AND 
PRODUCTION 
12 
GDP and employment increase 
Preliminary and partial estimate only for the selected  
Water resource protection 
Losses reduction, IoT grids’ management, rationalization of purification system 
Quality of electricity service 
Improved resiliency of electric grids 
Smart city 
Installation of EV charging stations and water / electric smart meters 
Circular economy 
Waste treated with circular economy logics and reduction of sludge coming out of 
purification plants 
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
+5.8 B€ 
GDP 
+21K 
stable FTEs 
-11 pp
(1) 
losses reduction 
(440+ Mm
3 of 
resource saved) 
+36 
rationalized 
purification plants 
-40% 
Intervention Risk 
Index (IRI) 
~2,600 
cabins involved 
+2,200 
charging stations 
~1.8 M
(2) 
2G and water 
smart meter 
+1.6 Mton  
(+120% 
waste treated 
~ -40% 
gCO2/KWh produced 
by Acea Produzione 
13 
Green energy 
Increase in production and consumption of green energy 
~45% 
sludge coming out of 
purification tanks to 
process 
innovation (drying) 
>140 kton/y 
CO2 avoided for 
internal consumption

--- Page 163 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 160 - 
47-41037952 
 
 
Sustainable development goals 
Capital 
expenditure in 
Euro/million 
Sustainability targets of 
the Issuer over the 
Business Plan 
6 
CLEAN 
WATER AND 
SANITATION 
263 
water losses reduction 
 
6 
CLEAN 
WATER AND 
SANITATION 9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE
13
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
220 
resiliency of Rome 
aqueduct system 
 
6 
CLEAN 
WATER AND 
SANITATION 7 
AFFORDABLE 
AND 
CLEAN 
ENERGY 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 12
RESPONSIBLE 
CONSUMTION 
AND 
PRODUCTION 
13
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
127 
efficiency of purification 
system 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
234 
installation of smart 
meters for water and 
electricity 
7 
AFFORDABLE 
AND 
CLEAN ENERGY 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION 
AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
13 
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
492 
resiliency and efficiency 
of electric grids 
7 
AFFORDABLE 
AND 
CLEAN ENERGY 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION 
AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
58 
infrastructure 
modernization and remote 
mgmt 
 
11 
SUSTAINABLE CITIES 
AND COMMUNITIES 
12 
RESPONSIBLE 
CONSUMTION 
AND 
PRODUCTION 
445(1) 
circular economy 
treatment of waste 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
11 
SUSTAINABLE 
CITIES 
AND 
COMMUNITIES 
13 
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
29 
e-mobility infrastructure 
7 
AFFORDABLE 
AND 
CLEAN ENERGY 
9 
INDUSTRY, 
INNOVATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE 13 
CLIMATE 
ACTION 
212 
increase of green energy 
generation 
___ 
(1) Including Euro 206 million of capital expenditure in M&A activities. 
With regard to the sustainability ratings, in 2021 Acea recorded a score of “A-” from CDP 
Worldwide (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), a not-for-profit charity organization running 
the global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states and regions to manage their 
environmental impacts. This result is in line with the one obtained in 2019 and 2020, 
reconfirming Acea as a leader in this area. In June 2021, Standard Ethics promoted Acea by 
raising its corporate sustainability rating to “EE” from the previous “EE-”. In January 2022, 
Gaïa Rating - the French agency that assesses non-financial results and the effective integration 
of sustainability policies into corporate governance - published its rating on Acea, which saw 
a further growth, for the third consecutive year, in its sustainability indicators with a score of 
82 out of 100 obtained in the overall evaluation of ESG performances.  
Business segment actions 
With specific reference to each business segment of the Group, the Business Plan provides the 
following actions:

--- Page 164 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 161 - 
47-41037952 
 
- Water: the expected growth in the Water sector is underpinned by an investment plan of 
Euro 2.2 billion, that will lead to a growth in the regulated asset base to Euro 3.2 billion by 
2024, reflecting an increase of 45% as compared to the end of 2019. Acea, as Italy’s leading 
water operator, intends to continue safeguarding the water resource by enhancing the 
quality and efficiency of the service offered in its geographical areas of operation, 
increasingly characterising itself as a “Smart Water Company” for the management of 
water resources in a sustainable and responsible manner. The main actions to be 
implemented during the Business Plan period will be related to the resilience and efficiency 
of the water service in the managed areas, with enhancements involving the Peschiera and 
Marcio aqueducts ensuring the water supply continuity, with an expected capital 
expenditure equal to Euro 170 million, the installation of an additional 500 thousand smart 
water meters and projects for the division of the grid into districts, the rationalisation of 
small water purification plants (with 36 rationalised plants) and their automation, the on-
going pursuit of water resource protection and a reduction of 11 pp7 of water losses and the 
performance optimisation of the grids through a water management system (with -15 pp of 
incidence of failure). Acea will also evaluate opportunities for the growth and consolidation 
of the business by participating in new tenders in other territories. 
- Energy Infrastructure: the expected growth in the Energy Infrastructure sector is 
underpinned by an investment plan of Euro 1.3 billion which will result in a regulated asset 
base of Euro 2.7 billion Euro as at the end of 2024, reflecting a growth of approximately 
22% as compared to the end of 2019. Acea intends to strengthen its role as key player in 
the energy transition process via development projects aimed at satisfying the growing 
electricity demand and the integration of distributed generation within the delivery system. 
The initiatives that the Group intends to pursue in this area will involve the technological 
evolution of the grid, with digitalisation projects through remote control and IoT (Internet 
of Things) systems on private and public grids (equal to more than 60% medium voltage 
“MV”/low voltage “LV” of cabins) and the installation of second-generation smart meters, 
with approximately 1.3 million of installed meters by the end of 2024. Investments will 
also continue to be deployed in the resilience and strengthening of the power grid, with 
upgrades on specific cabins rewarded with a premium compared to the reference WACC 
(with more than Euro 145 million of capital expenditure). Moreover, the Business Plan 
provides for the introduction of a new control center for the grids’ management, with a 
capital expenditure of more than Euro 13 million, and for the development of the work on 
grids reflecting the new regulation on service continuity (including the recognition of a 
penalty for suspension), consisting of more than Euro 155 million of investments. 
- Generation: the Group plans to invest an amount equal to Euro 0.2 billion during the 
Business Plan period, mainly in extraordinary transactions but also in the development of 
projects already included in the portfolio for (Euro 47 million). The plan foresees an 
increase in power generation from green sources to support the decarbonisation and energy 
transition processes. To achieve this goal, Acea intends to increase its portfolio with 
approximately 747 MW of installed photovoltaic plant capacity by the end of 2024, of 
which 569 megawatt from greenfield facilities in industrial and agricultural areas and 178 
megawatt from extraordinary transactions, accelerating the photovoltaic portfolio growth. 
The growth envisaged in the Business Plan will also be enhanced by a partnership with 
financial investors, with a view to strengthening Acea’s positioning in the sector, while 
maintaining a solid capital structure. Moreover, among the main initiatives in the 
Generation business segment, Acea intends to deconsolidate its photovoltaic stake in order 
 
7 Weighted average for the area, equal to 440+ Mm3 of saved water over the Business Plan.

--- Page 165 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 162 - 
47-41037952 
 
to reduce its financial exposure (with approximately Euro 150 million of deconsolidation 
in the net financial position) and to increase its focus on photovoltaic investments, with the 
goal of becoming one of the main players in the sector. The new facilities will have an 
annual output at regime of over 1 TWh, corresponding to approximately 550 kt of avoided 
CO2 emissions. 
- Commercial and Trading: the Group plans to reach customer base with free-market 
supply arrangements of 1.6 million, resulting in a 17% increase in the total customer base 
as compared to the end of 2019. In terms of commercial activities, the actions foreseen in 
the Business Plan envisage a growth at national level, with a particular focus on central and 
southern Italy (with more than 240 thousand customers, reporting a net growth compared 
to 2019), supported by the regulated market phase-out, and an acceleration in the use of 
digital channels, through the implementation of a new platform for the customer journey 
management, which will entail the digitization of more than 100 thousand customers 
compared to 2019. The commercial push will take place in a more competitive and 
challenging context driven by the expected full liberalisation of the electricity market from 
2022, thanks to cross-selling and up-selling opportunities, resulting in the change to the 
free market for about 700 thousand consumers, that will represent a chance to enhance and 
consolidate the Company’s position in the sector. Furthermore, Acea intends to boost the 
dual fuel penetration in the gas sector on the existing customer base, acquiring more than 
80 thousand new gas customers compared to those in 2019. Acea will also focus on the 
offering of “Smart Services” to strengthen its relationship with customers through the 
provision of value added services, such as those associated with energy efficiency, to 
increase the ACEA Group’s brand franchise and to implement the installation of residential 
photovoltaic facilities and solar thermal plants (with approximately 1,000 plants installed 
by the end of 2024). A further boost will come from the e-mobility segment that will see 
over 2,200 charging stations installed by 2024 and from the introduction of more than 150 
“Smart Comp” composters by the end of 2024, to be managed remotely through an IoT 
(Internet of Things) platform developed by Acea. Finally, Acea intends to push on energy 
efficiencies services, leveraging on opportunities from fiscal incentives, covering more 
than 100 condominiums by the end of 2024. 
- Environment: the growth in the Environment sector will be supported by investments 
totalling Euro 0.4 billion, of which Euro 0.2 billion related to extraordinary transactions. 
The growth will mainly be driven by the market consolidation towards the strengthening 
of the Waste-to-Material (WtM) chain, with a circular economy (also with a “one-stop-
shop” approach, aimed at adding more than 0.6 Mt/y of capacity by 2024) and integration 
of the acquired companies and the development of new M&A initiatives, which will drive 
an increase in the volumes of waste treated by the Group, which is expected to reach 2.9 
million tons by 2024. Acea intends to create value from the post-merger integration of 
acquired companies and the development of industrial synergies through an operating 
model commissioning and a control system integration (with more than 15 plants by 2024). 
The development of the business area will be focused on strengthening the waste recovery 
cycle, especially in Central Italy, in coherence with the circular economy development 
objectives, positioning the Group, in particular, as a key player in the processing and 
recycling of paper and plastic waste. This will lead to a further development in the special 
waste segment, promoting synergies with the Water (e.g. sludge) and the WtE (e.g. ashes) 
segments, with more than 0.5 Mt/a of added capacity by the end of 2024. Therefore, the 
“core business” of Acea in this business segment will result in the consolidation of energy 
recovery (WtE), in the disposal treatment of non-separated waste and in the disposal / 
treatment of organic waste (with more than 0.5 Mt/a of added capacity by the end of 2024).

--- Page 166 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 163 - 
47-41037952 
 
- Engineering & Services: the Group plans to implement the Engineering & Services 
segment through the development of a building oriented company, tasked with a turnkey 
management of construction and engineering activities, and through the end-to-end 
management of investments, reducing the execution times and strengthening the laboratory 
activities. In particular, this will result in the development of a commercial unit supporting 
the growth and of a research center. Moreover, Acea plans to improve its performance 
(gaining more than 20% of insourcing margin as general contractor) reducing unitary costs 
related to Servizio Idrico Integrato S.c.P.A. (“SII”) and to construct plants through the 
internalisation of construction activities with an EPC (with more than Euro 440 million of 
realised plants by 2024). Finally, with the integration of the acquisition of Simam and a 
focus on core engineering activities, Acea expects to achieve an EBITDA of more than 
Euro 10 million in 2024.  
Additional Strategic Opportunities 
Thanks to its solid financial and capital structure, the Group expects to be able to pursue 
additional strategic opportunities that will further consolidate its position in the areas where it 
is already present, in line with the market trends of the sector. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE ISSUER 
The corporate governance rules for Italian companies whose shares are listed on the Italian 
Stock Exchange are set forth in the Italian Civil Code, in Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as subsequently amended (Testo Unico della Finanza) and in the relevant 
CONSOB implementing regulations. 
ACEA’s corporate governance is implemented in accordance with Italian legal requirements 
and best practice, and is compliant with the model recommended by the Corporate Governance 
Code (Codice di Corporate Governance) approved in January 2020 by the Corporate 
Governance Committee of the Italian Stock Exchange. 
ACEA has adopted a "traditional" corporate governance system consisting of the shareholders’ 
meeting, the board of directors and the board of statutory auditors. 
The auditing of ACEA’s financial statements is undertaken by an independent auditing firm 
enrolled with the specific register provided by the law (for further details, please see "General 
Information – Auditors" below). 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to Article 15 of the Issuer’s by-laws, ACEA’s board of directors (the "Board of 
Directors") shall consist of a minimum of five and a maximum of nine members, who shall 
remain in office for a period of no longer than three years, after which they may be re-elected. 
ACEA’s by-laws provide for a voting list system for the appointment of all members of the 
Board of Directors8. 
 
8  
The voting lists shall be submitted at least twenty or fifteen days, respectively, before the date set for the 
first annual meeting of the Board of Directors by the exiting directors or by the shareholders who alone or 
together with other shareholders, represent at least one per cent of the shares entitled to vote at the ordinary 
general meeting. No person can be a candidate in more than one list and each shareholder has the right to

--- Page 167 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 164 - 
47-41037952 
 
The current members of the Board of Directors were appointed at the ordinary shareholders’ 
meeting held on 29 May 2020 and, with the exception of the following, will remain in office 
until the ordinary shareholders’ meeting to be called to approve the financial statements of 
ACEA as of and for the year ending 31 December 2022.  
On 27 June 2022, the non-executive and non-independent director Giovanni Giani resigned 
from his office with immediate effects. The Board of Directors, on 18 July 2022, appointed 
Mr. Massimiliano Pellegrini in replacement of said director in accordance with applicable law, 
ACEA’s by-laws and the Corporate Governance Code. 
The Board of Directors, therefore, is currently composed of nine members, five of whom are 
independent in accordance with applicable law, ACEA’s by-laws and the Corporate 
Governance Code. 
The Board of Directors has a key role in the organisational structure of ACEA and the Group 
as it is the body which defines the strategic objectives of the Group and monitors their 
implementation and progress. It is vested with all the powers provided by law and the Issuer’s 
by-laws, including powers of ordinary and extraordinary administration. 
 
Name 
Position 
Date elected 
Michaela Castelli 
Chairman 
29 May 2020 
Giuseppe Gola 
Chief Executive Officer 
29 May 2020 
Giacomo Larocca 
Director 
29 May 2020 
Gabriella Chiellino 
Director 
29 May 2020 
Liliana Godino 
Director 
29 May 2020 
Alessandro Caltagirone 
Director 
29 May 2020 
Francesca Menabuoni 
Director 
27 April 2022 
Massimiliano Pellegrini 
Director 
18 July 2022 
Massimiliano Capece Minutolo 
del Sasso 
Director 
29 May 2020 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is the registered office 
of ACEA at Piazzale Ostiense, 2, 00154 Rome, Italy. 
Other offices held by members of the Board of Directors 
The principal business activities and other directorships, if any, of each of the members of the 
Board of Directors outside the Group are summarised below.  
Name 
Position 
Company/organization 
Michaela Castelli 
Chairman 
Nexi S.p.A. 
Chairman 
SEA S.p.A. 
 
vote for only one list. The appointment shall proceed as follows: (i) half plus one of the directors shall be 
elected from the list that obtains the majority of votes; and (ii) the remaining directors shall be elected from 
the other lists.

--- Page 168 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 165 - 
47-41037952 
 
Name 
Position 
Company/organization 
 
Board Member 
Recordati S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor 
Autogrill Italia S.p.A. 
Giuseppe Gola  
None 
None 
Giacomo Larocca 
Head of Planning and 
Management Control 
Sace BT S.p.A. 
Gabriella Chiellino 
Board Member 
Ambienthesis S.p.A. 
Liliana Godino 
Chief Procurement Officer Ignazio Messina & C. S.p.A. 
Alessandro 
Caltagirone 
Deputy Chairman 
Alborg Portland Holding A/S  
Deputy Chairman 
Cementir Holding N.V. 
Deputy Chairman 
Caltagirone Editore S.p.A. 
Board Member 
Caltagirone S.p.A.  
Chairman 
Fincal S.p.A. 
Sole Director 
Finanziaria Italia 2005 S.p.A. 
Francesca Menabuoni Board Member 
Suez Italia S.p.A. 
 
Board Member 
Acque Blu Arno Basso S.p.A. 
 
Board Member 
Acque Blu Fiorentine S.p.A. 
 
Board Member 
Publiacqua S.p.A. 
 
Board Member 
Acque Toscane S.p.A. 
 
Board Member 
Consorzio Intesa Aretina 
Massimiliano 
Pellegrini 
Deputy General Manager 
SUEZ S.A. 
Massimiliano Capece 
Minutolo 
Chairman 
 Il Mattino S.p.A. 
Board Member 
Vianini S.p.A. 
Board Member 
FGC S.p.A. 
Board Member 
Piemme S.p.A. 
Board Member 
Immobiliare Caltagirone S.p.A. 
Sole Director 
Porto Torre S.p.A. 
  CEO 
Energia S.p.A. 
Board Member 
Fincal S.p.A. 
 
Internal committees of the Board of Directors 
In accordance with the Corporate Governance Code, the Board of Directors has established the 
following internal committees:  
(i) 
the Appointments and Compensation Committee (composed of Massimiliano Capece 
Minutolo (Chairman), Gabriella Chiellino, Liliana Godino and Massimiliano 
Pellegrini); 
(ii) 
the Risks and Control Committee (composed of Liliana Godino (Chairman), Giacomo 
Larocca, Massimiliano Capece Minutolo del Sasso and Francesca Menabuoni);

--- Page 169 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 166 - 
47-41037952 
 
(iii) 
the Ethics and Sustainability Committee (composed of Gabriella Chiellino (Chairman), 
Massimiliano Capece Minutolo Del Sasso, Giacomo Larocca and Francesca 
Menabuoni); and 
(iv) 
the Related Party Committee (composed of Liliana Godino (Coordinator), 
Massimiliano Capece Minutolo Del Sasso and Giacomo Larocca). 
Officers 
The table below sets forth ACEA’s current executive officers who, except for Mr. Giuseppe 
Gola, are not members of the Board of Directors (together with their role and their respective 
departments) at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Name 
Position 
Area 
Giuseppe Gola 
Chief Executive Officer 
Business 
development, 
production 
and 
overseas 
strategies 
Fabio Paris 
Executive 
Administration, finance and 
control 
Elisabetta Scosceria 
Executive 
Legal Affairs 
Cosmo Damiano Marzulli 
Executive 
Corporate Affairs 
Stefano Raffaele Songini 
Executive 
Investor 
Relations 
& 
Sustainability 
Elvira Angrisani 
Executive 
Investor Relations 
Tiziana Flaviani 
Executive 
Communications 
Claudio Mancini 
Executive 
Human Resources 
Ivan Vigolo 
Executive 
Technology & Solutions 
Giovanni Papaleo 
Executive 
Chief Operating Office 
Valerio Marra 
Executive 
Sales and Trading 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
Pursuant to Article 22 of Acea’s by-laws, Acea’s board of statutory auditors (the "Board of 
Statutory Auditors") is composed of three statutory auditors and two alternate auditors. 
Acea’s by-laws provide for a voting list system for the appointment of all members of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. The members of the Board of Statutory Auditors shall be 
appointed according to provisions of Article 15 of Acea’s By-laws concerning the appointment 
of the Board of Directors. The appointment procedure is as follows: (i) half plus one of the 
Statutory Auditors and one Alternate Statutory Auditor shall be elected from the list that 
obtains the majority of votes; and (ii) the remaining members shall be elected from the minority 
lists. The Shareholders’ Meeting shall appoint the Chairman. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is vested with the supervision and control powers provided 
by applicable law, by the Issuer’s by-laws and by the Corporate Governance Code. 
The current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors were appointed by the ordinary 
shareholders’ meeting held on 27 April 2022 and will remain in office until the ordinary 
shareholders’ meeting to be called to approve the financial statements of the Issuer as of and 
for the year ending 31 December 2024. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors of Acea is currently composed of the following members:

--- Page 170 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 167 - 
47-41037952 
 
Name 
Position 
Maurizio Lauri 
Chairman 
Claudia Capuano 
Statutory Auditor 
Leonardo Quagliata 
Statutory Auditor 
Rosina Cichello 
Alternate Auditor 
Vito Di Battista 
Alternate Auditor 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is Piazzale 
Ostiense, 2, 00154 Rome, Italy. 
Other offices held by members of the Board Statutory Auditors 
The principal business activities and other directorships, if any, of each of the members of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors outside the Group are summarised below.  
Name 
Position/office 
Company / organization 
Maurizio Lauri 
Statutory Auditor 
 Tirreno Power S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor 
 Banco BPM S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Officine CST S.p.A 
Claudia Capuano Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
Financit S.p.A (già BNL Finance S.p.A.) 
 
Statutory Auditor 
RML Comunicazione S.r.l. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Body 
(organismo 
di 
vigilanza) 
COTRAL S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Body 
(organismo 
di 
vigilanza) - Sole Auditor 
E. B. Elettroforniture Borghini S.p.A. 
 
Leonardo 
Quagliata 
Statutory Auditor 
Leonardo S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
 Acea Produzione S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  AE Sun Capital S.r.l. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Ferrovie dello Stato  International S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Mondadori Libri S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Sarnese Vesuviano S.r.l. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
   Telespazio S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Terna Rete Italia S.p.A.  
 
Statutory Auditor 
Augusta Due S.r.l,

--- Page 171 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 168 - 
47-41037952 
 
Name 
Position/office 
Company / organization 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Janna S.c.r.l. 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Mednav S.p.A. 
 
Rosina Cichello 
Statutory Auditor 
Istituto Oncologico Veneto I.R.C.C.S (IOV) 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Acque Blu Arno Basso S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Ecogena S.r.l. 
 
Statutory Auditor 
Sarnese Vesuviano S.r.l. 
 
Vito Di Battista 
Statutory Auditor 
Agenzia Giornalistica Italiana S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor 
 Agro Camera- Azienda Speciale della Camera 
di Commercio di Roma   
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors, Chairman and 
CEO 
   Angelini Finaziaria S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Avio S.p.A, 
 
Statutory Auditor 
D - Share S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor 
  Fondazione Toscana Gabriele Monastiero 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
   IBL Real Estate S.r.l. 
 
Director 
 Società per Promozioni Immobiliari s.s. 
 
Director 
 VALIM 1985 s.s. 
 
Potential conflicts of interest  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no member of the Board of Directors or the Board of 
Statutory Auditors has declared a private interest or has any other duties which constitute an 
actual or a potential conflict of interest of such member with respect to his duties to the Issuer 
or which could be material in the context of the issue of the Notes.  
SHARE CAPITAL  
As at 31 March 2022, Acea has an authorised, issued and fully paid-up share capital of Euro 
1,098,898,884, consisting of 212,964,900 ordinary shares with a par value of Euro 5.16 each. 
Each ordinary share carries one voting right at the shareholders’ meeting, save for 416,993 
treasury shares, representing 0.2 per cent. of Acea’s share capital, in respect of which the 
relevant voting rights have been suspended. 
Pursuant to Article 6, paragraph 1 of the Issuer’s by-laws, shareholders other than the 
Municipality of Rome, or its subsidiaries, which hold equity investments in excess of 8 per 
cent. of the share capital, may not exercise their voting rights in respect of any shares exceeding 
such threshold.  
ACEA has not issued any other categories of shares or any financial instruments convertible 
into or exchangeable into ordinary shares.

--- Page 172 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 169 - 
47-41037952 
 
There are no outstanding stock option or stock grant plans which require share capital increases. 
MATERIAL SHAREHOLDERS 
As at 7 July 2022, the shareholders which owned, directly or indirectly, a shareholding exceeding 
3 per cent. of ACEA’s voting capital were the following: 
Declarant 
or 
party at the top of 
the 
investment 
chain 
Party 
directly 
holding 
the 
major 
shareholding 
Percentage 
of the voting 
share capital 
Percentage 
of 
the 
ordinary 
share capital 
Name 
Type of Possession % 
% 
SUEZ SA 
SUEZ 
INTERNATIONAL 
SAS 
Beneficial ownership 23.333 
23.333 
Total 
23.333 
23.333 
Total 
23.333 
23.333 
ROMA 
CAPITALE 
ROMA CAPITALE 
Beneficial ownership 51.000 
51.000 
Total 
51.000 
51.000 
Total 
51.000 
51.000 
CALTAGIRONE 
FRANCESCO 
GAETANO 
CAPITOLIUM SRL 
Beneficial ownership 0.141 
0.141 
 
Total 
0.141 
0.141 
CALTAGIRONE SPA Beneficial ownership 1.174 
1.174 
 
Total 
1.174 
1.174 
FINCAL SPA 
Beneficial ownership 3.052 
3.052 
 
Total 
3.052 
3.052 
FGC SPA 
Beneficial ownership 1.085 
1.085 
 
Total 
1.085 
1.085 
Total 
5.452 
5.452 
Source: Consob 
The Issuer’s controlling shareholder is Roma Capitale (the Municipality of Rome). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the knowledge of the Issuer there is no shareholders’ 
agreement among the Issuer’s shareholders.  
LITIGATION  
The aggregate volume of pending litigation in which one or more companies of the Group are 
involved is relatively small, both in terms of number of cases (less than one thousand) and of 
economic risk associated therewith. In order to address the financial impact of such litigation, 
ACEA appropriate provisioning in its financial statements. See also "Risk Factors – Legal and 
internal control risks – Risks related to legal and tax proceedings and the potential violation 
of laws and regulations." 
Below is a summary of the main legal proceedings in which the Group is currently involved. 
ACEA ATO 2 – Failure to repair a sewerage system  
In June 2019, the company Parco dell’Aniene S.c.a.r.l. sued ACEA ATO 2 and Roma Capitale 
for alleged liability of the defendants, jointly and severally or to the extent to which they are

--- Page 173 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 170 - 
47-41037952 
 
responsible, for alleged wrongful acts arising from the failure to build and/or repair the 
sewerage system prior to the construction works carried out by the claimant in the Tor Cervara 
- Via Melibeo area. The consortium is making an exorbitant claim for compensation, totalling 
more than € 105 million. The judgement is currently pending before the Court of Rome and 
the first hearing was postponed to 7 October 2020 to allow the summons of the third parties 
involved. After this hearing, the judge, initially stating that the objection raised by ACEA 
regarding a lack of jurisdiction was sufficient to issue a judgement, postponed the hearing for 
the clarification of conclusions to 30 June 2021 without, at that time, ordering any investigatory 
activities. 
Parco dell’Aniene S.c.a.r.l. simultaneously filed an appeal with the United Sections of the 
Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), based on the jurisdiction matter. The relevant 
hearing was held on 6 July 2021 and the relevant decision is to be issued. 
On 11 February 2021, Parco dell’Aniene S.c.a.r.l. filed an appeal pursuant to article 700 of the 
Italian code of civil procedure, asking the judge to avoid aggravating the damages and end the 
alleged prejudicial conduct. The appeal filed introduced precautionary sub-proceedings in the 
context of the already pending judgement, with the next hearing being held on 22 January 2022 
and then postponed to 15 November 2022. 
ACEA ATO 5 – Consorzio ASI  
The injunction order undertaken by Consorzio ASI for the repayment of the portion of the 
treatment service carried out on behalf of ACEA ATO 5 (amounting to Euro 6,470.824.39) has 
been challenged by ACEA ATO 5. The next hearing for discussion was scheduled for 25 June 
2019, 22 November 2019 and subsequently postponed to 31 March 2020, whilst the parties 
were negotiating the terms of an agreement to settle the dispute. Finally, the parties entered 
into a settlement agreement on 15 March 2021. 
ACEA ATO 5 – tax inspection and fiscal disputes 
As a consequence of a general tax audit started on 7 March 2018 by the Guardia di Finanza – 
the Italian Economic and Financial Police Unit of Frosinone – Section for the Protection of 
Public Finance, on 31 December 2019, three notices of assessment were served by the Italian 
Revenue Agency: 
• one notice of assessment regarding IRES (imposta sul reddito delle società) for the year 
ended on 31 December 2013, for an amount of €3.1 million for taxes, net of penalties and 
interest; 
• a second notice of assessment regarding IRAP (imposta regionale sulle attività produttive) 
for the year ended on 31 December 2014, for an amount of €0.9 million for taxes, net of 
penalties and interest; and 
• a third notice of assessment regarding IRES (imposta sul reddito delle società) for the year 
ended on 31 December 2014 for an amount of €5.2 million for taxes, net of penalties and 
interest. 
The notices of assessment were served to ACEA, as consolidating and parent company. The 
relevant companies of the ACEA Group involved in such matter filed an appeal before the 
Provincial Tax Commission of Frosinone on 28 February 2020. With regard to the findings 
contested in these notices, supported by the opinion of their tax advisors, the relevant 
companies of the ACEA Group considered the Italian Revenue Agency’s requests to be

--- Page 174 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 171 - 
47-41037952 
 
completely ungrounded. The proceeding is currently pending and a first hearing is still to be 
scheduled. 
Acea paid a third of the amounts ascertained for a total amount of Euro 3,311,335 during the 
first half of 2020. 
On 19 January 2021, the Provincial Tax Commission declared null and void the above notices.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the case is pending before the Regional Tax Commission 
and the hearing date should be scheduled soon. 
On 23 December 2021, two notices of assessment were served by the Italian Revenue Agency: 
• one notice of assessment regarding IRES (imposta sul reddito delle società) for the year 
ended on 31 December 2016, for an amount of €1.3 million for taxes, net of penalties and 
interest; and 
• a second notice of assessment regarding IRAP (imposta regionale sulle attività produttive) 
for the year ended on 31 December 2016, for an amount of €0.2 million for taxes, net of 
penalties and interest. 
 
On 28 December 2021, two additional notices of assessment were served by the Italian 
Revenue Agency: 
• one notice of assessment regarding IRES (imposta sul reddito delle società) for the year 
ended on 31 December 2015, for an amount of €1.5 million for taxes, net of penalties and 
interest; and 
• a second notice of assessment regarding IRAP (imposta regionale sulle attività produttive) 
for the year ended on 31 December 2015, for an amount of €0.3 million for taxes, net of 
penalties and interest. 
 
The notices of assessment were served to ACEA, as consolidating and parent company. The 
relevant companies of the ACEA Group involved in such matter filed an appeal before the 
Provincial Tax Commission of Frosinone. With regard to the findings contested in these 
notices, supported by the opinion of their tax advisors, the relevant companies of the ACEA 
Group considered that there is a remote risk of losing said proceedings. 
Acea RSE tax inspection and fiscal disputes 
On 14 June 2012, Acea RSE was delivered a Report on Findings from the Italian Financial 
Police – Rome Tax Police Department following its inspection to check the correct use of the 
tax suspension provisions under the VAT tax warehouse system pursuant to article 50-bis of 
Law Decree no. 331 of 30 August 1993 ("VAT Warehouses"), relating to certain assets 
imported by the company in 2009, 2010 and 2011. 
Based on the alleged abusive use of the aforementioned system by the company, the inspectors 
charged the company with failure to pay VAT on imports – for 2009, 2010 and 2011 – 
amounting to Euro 16,198,714.87. 
On 6 August 2012, Acea RSE submitted a defence brief pursuant to art. 12, paragraph 7, of 
Law no. 212 of 27 July 2000 concerning the findings contained in the aforementioned Report 
on Findings.

--- Page 175 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 172 - 
47-41037952 
 
The issue relating to the concepts of simulated warehouses and the introduction of goods to the 
country is particularly well-known and debated, and has been the subject of numerous papers 
on practices issued by the Italian Customs Authority and several cases of legal intervention. 
ACEA considers that all the factual and legal conditions envisaged in the regulation on the use 
of VAT Warehouses, as interpreted by the relevant administrative bodies, were fully satisfied 
and therefore the aforementioned Report on Findings is without grounds, also taking into 
account the following: as concerns the particular case of the provision of services for the assets 
held at the VAT Warehouses (case set forth in letter h) of art. 50-bis of Law Decree no. 
331/1993), art. 34, paragraph 44 of Law Decree no. 179 of 18 October 2012, recently amended 
art. 16, paragraph 5-bis of Law Decree no. 185 of 29 November 2008 (on the authoritative 
interpretation of letter h) of art. 50-bis noted above) establishing, for that case, that VAT must 
be deemed definitively paid if, when the merchandise is taken from the VAT Warehouse for 
marketing within the country, the regulations set forth in paragraph 6 of art. 50-bis of Law 
Decree 331/93 are correctly implemented, or the reverse charge procedures pursuant to art. 17, 
paragraph 2, of Presidential Decree no. 633 of 26 October 1972 are correctly applied. 
Management believes that ACEA’s approach appears to be supported by Circular n. 16/D of 
20 October 2014 issued by the Customs Agency following the decision of the Court of Justice 
of 17 July 2014 no. C-272/13.  
Acea Servizi Acqua – Dispute over shareholders’ agreement 
In Autumn 2011, the minority quotaholders of Acea Servizi Acqua S.r.l. (a joint venture in 
which ACEA owned an interest of 70 per cent., now the company has been liquidated and 
cancelled from the Companies’ Register) together with their respective shareholders, 
commenced proceedings for an amount of over Euro 10 million against ACEA, for alleged 
damages caused by ACEA’s failure to meet its obligations under the relevant shareholders’ 
agreement. 
By judgment no. 17154/15 of 17 August 2015, the Court entirely dismissed the application and 
ordered the parties to jointly reimburse the costs (amounting to Euro 50,000), in addition to 
incidental expenses, to ACEA. On 1 October 2015 SMECO filed an appeal against such 
decision. The hearing to clarify the conclusions is scheduled for 3 November 2020.  
With a judgement of 11 June 2021, the Court rejected completely the appeal lodged by the 
plaintiff, ordering the same to refund the legal expenses of Acea. The proceeding has now been 
concluded. 
Enel Green Power Italia  
On 27 July 2020, Enel Green Power Italia S.r.l. (“EGP”) sued ACEA ATO 2 before the 
Regional Court of Public Waters, through the Court of Appeal of Rome, claiming the 
recognition of its right to receive a greater amount than that already paid by ACEA ATO 2 as 
an indemnity for lower voltage (due in accordance with relevant provisions of the agreement 
entered into by and between the parties on 1985), for electricity which could not be produced 
with the Farfo 1 salto, Farfa 2 salto, Nazzano and Castel Giubileo systems, subject to derivation 
of waters from the Le Capore sources. 
Specifically, EGP stated that Acea calculated in a wrong way the indemnity amount for the 
period from 2009 to 2019 – being non compliance with the methods prescribed in the 
agreement entered into on 1985. Therefore, EGP claimed to be entitled to receive a total amount

--- Page 176 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 173 - 
47-41037952 
 
of €11,614,564.85, plus additional sums as adjustments after 31 December 2019, as well as 
interest on arrears. 
ACEA ATO 2 filed its defence, noting the ungrounded nature of the interpretation of the 
agreement on which EGP based its request and providing for a different method for the 
quantification of the indemnity, considered to be in line with the agreements reached by the 
parties during the course of the contractual relationship. 
Based on the application of the calculation method proposed and in the light of the indemnity 
amounts already paid, ACEA ATO 2 formulated a counter-claim for the return of an amount 
equal to Euro 3,246,201.46, plus legal interest. 
The first hearing was held on 15 December 2020 and at that time the judge postponed the case 
to 20 April 2021, assigning a deadline for notes and reserving for the conclusion of all decisions 
regarding, inter alia, the inclusion of a cross examination requested by ACEA ATO 2 and the 
objection of the lack of jurisdiction of the Regional Court of Public Waters. The competent 
judge did not order any enquiry activity and set the hearing to clarify the conclusions for 21 
December 2021. The discussion hearing was set for 18 October 2022. 
Acea and ACEA ATO 2 - CO.LA.RI.  
On 23 June 2017, Consorzio Co.La.Ri. and E. Giovi S.r.l. – respectively the manager of the 
Malagrotta (RM) landfill and executive consortium member – filed a claim against the Issuer 
and ACEA ATO 2, requesting approximately €36 million as payment of the portion of landfill 
access tariffs, as established by Legislative Decree No. 36/2003, for the entire term of the 
agreement for the use of the landfill (i.e., 1985 – 2009). Alternatively, should the rules of 
Legislative Decree No. 36/2003 be deemed non-retroactive, the plaintiffs requested the 
payment of approximately €8 million as consideration for the period 2003 – 2009, as well as 
the payment of the amounts due for the period 1985 – 2003 as determined by experts appointed 
by court. The first hearing was scheduled for 8 October 2018, rescheduled for 28 March 2019, 
and then postponed until 12 November 2019. On that date, the judge set the hearing for 
conclusions on 27 October 2020, then postponed to 22 March 2021 and again to 20 December 
2021 and again to 26 April 2022. Meanwhile, the lack of legal standing of Consorzio 
Co.La.Ri.’s and E. Giovi’s has been objected. The judge reserved ruling on such objection. 
ARETI – Dispute GALA S.p.A. 
In November 2015, ARETI, as electricity distribution grid manager, stipulated a transmission 
contract with the company GALA S.p.A., which operates on the market of electricity sales to 
end customers. 
Starting from March 2017 GALA S.p.A. has suspended all payment of prices billed and due to 
ARETI and, on 3 April, submitted a request for agreements with creditors (concordato 
preventivo) pursuant to article 161, paragraph 6, of Italian Bankruptcy Law. On 7 April 2017 
ARETI commenced the enforcement of part of the guarantees given by GALA S.p.A. On 1 
June 2017, given the continuing serious breach of contract, ARETI notified the termination of 
the transmission agreement and the enforcement of the additional contractual guarantees. 
On 3 May 2018 GALA S.p.A.’s shareholders’ meeting resolved upon the liquidation of the 
company, revoking the previous request for concordato preventivo.

--- Page 177 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 174 - 
47-41037952 
 
The pending disputes generated by the complex matter are summarised below. 
Precautionary measures 
In response to the enforcement of the guarantees described above, on 12 April 2017 GALA 
S.p.A. filed a cautionary appeal as per Article 700 of the Italian Code of Civil Procedure against 
the collection on 12 April, obtaining a decree inaudita altera parte, which initially prevented 
ARETI from exercising its right to collect the guarantees. This decree was thereafter revoked 
by court order of 30 May 2017, which fully recognised the rights of ARETI. 
On 1 June 2017, given the continuation of the serious breach of contract, ARETI notified the 
termination of the transport contract and also the collection of the additional contractual 
guarantees. 
On 6 June, GALA S.p.A. appealed against the cautionary ordinance of 30 May and, again, on 
9 June, submitted a second independent appeal for urgent measures before the Court of Rome, 
requesting a declaration of invalidity of the termination ordered on 1 June 2017 and initially 
obtaining the issuing of a decree inaudita altera parte in its favour.  
On completion of both legal proceedings, the reasoning of ARETI was again completely 
recognised, with the issuing on 12 July 2017 of a board ordinance rejecting the appeal, 
following which the judge, called upon to decide on the second appeal as per Article 700 of the 
Italian Code of Civil Procedure, asked the parties not to appear at the hearing, declaring that 
the appeal could not continue by ordinance of 13 July 2017. 
The first judgement filed by the guarantor Euroins Insurance plc and the injunction issued in 
favour of GSE S.p.A. 
In July 2017, Euroins Insurance plc (“Euroins”), guarantor of GALA S.p.A., independently 
introduced assessment proceedings requesting a declaration that its guarantee obligation was 
invalid; ARETI requested right from the first hearing of appearance of 28 December 2017 to 
have that judgement consolidated with the ordinary judgement of opposition to the injunction 
order of the GSE, but this request has not yet been ordered by the judge. The next hearing set 
for October 2019. 
GSE, after notifying ARETI to pay the general system charges due by GALA S.p.A., even if it 
has not been paid, requested and obtained from the Court of Rome an injunction, not 
immediately enforceable, against ARETI for payment of part of these charges. The injunction 
was promptly opposed by ARETI with a writ of summons served to GSE and inscribed in the 
rolls in December 2017, with the simultaneous summons, as a guarantee, of GALA S.p.A. and 
its guarantors (China Taiping Insurance (UK) Co. Ltd and Insurance Company Nadejda), with 
the next hearing set for October 2019, within the judgement ARETI paid the sums due to GSE 
in July 2018. 
Both judgements are pending before Section XVII of the Court of Rome, the same designated 
judge, who set the hearing for the decision concerning the request for consolidation to be held 
on 5 July 2018. The hearing was then postponed to 25 November 2020. With decision dated 
18 March 2021, the Court of Rome rejected the Euroins’s claim and ordered the payment of 
Euro 5,000,000 in favour of ARETI, with this sum to be counter-paid by GALA S.p.A. to 
Euroins. Euroins appealed against such decision, with the first hearing scheduled for 9 
September 2022.

--- Page 178 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 175 - 
47-41037952 
 
GALA S.p.A.’s citation to ARETI, AE and ACEA  
By means of a summons served in March 2018, GALA S.p.A. requested the Court of Rome to 
declare the invalidity of some clauses of the transport contract stipulated with ARETI in 
November 2015 and the consequent invalidity/ineffectiveness of the termination of the contract 
by ARETI, ordering the latter to pay the corresponding damage, for a total of about Euro 
200,000,000.00. 
GALA S.p.A. also requested that the behaviour of ARETI and other defendant companies - 
ACEA and AE - be declared acts of unfair competition, condemning them to pay the 
corresponding damages. 
The companies of the ACEA Group that were sued acted within the terms of the law, denying 
the opposing claims and requesting their rejection. 
In addition, as a counter-claim, ARETI has requested to declare the contract legitimately 
terminated, as well as to ascertain and declare the non-fulfilment of GALA S.p.A. of the 
payment and guarantee obligations assumed under the transport contract with consequent order 
to pay the related amount, plus interest and without prejudice to the additional amounts being 
accrued.  
The judgement is currently pending before the 17th civil section of the Court of Rome and on 
5 November 2018 the designated judge assigned to the parties the terms for the presentation of 
their briefs pursuant to Article 183, paragraph 6 of the Italian Code of Civil Procedure starting 
from 9 December 2018 and set the hearing for 12 May 2021 for the clarification of the 
conclusions, without prejudice to any preliminary investigation to be carried out. By decree of 
13 June 2019, the Investigating Judge ordered an official technical consultancy. The expert 
operations started on 17 September 2019 and the relevant report was submitted on 17 March 
2020, with a deadline for comments on 13 July 2020. The hearing to examine the expert’s 
report was scheduled for 24 September 2020. 
In view of such hearing, GALA S.p.A. filed an appeal with the European Union Court of 
Justice. After a hearing held on 1 October 2020, with an order dated 16 November 2020, the 
judge then affirmed that the case should not be sent to the European Union Court of Justice 
and, deeming the case ripe for a decision, confirmed the already hearing for conclusions 
scheduled for 12 May 2021, then postponed to 9 December 2021. During that hearing, the 
decision was withheld, with terms granted for the closing briefs. 
Acea - Milano ’90 
On 28 February 2007, Acea, as seller, and Milano 90 S.r.l., as purchaser ("Milano 90"), entered 
into a sale and purchase agreement for the sale of an area in the Municipality of Rome, with 
access from via Laurentina No. 555. On 5 November 2008, the parties subsequently amended 
such agreement, in order to increase the sale price from Euro 18 million to Euro 23 million – 
to be paid by the purchaser on 31 March 2009 – and to delete references to the earn out 
mechanism (the "SPA"). 
Since Milano 90 did not fulfil its duties and obligations under the SPA, Acea served a court 
injunction against Milano ’90, for the recovery of the amounts claimed. Milano 90 opposed the 
aforementioned injunction and claimed the recovery of any sums paid in advance, thereby 
obtaining a temporary suspension of the enforcement measure brought by Acea against it.

--- Page 179 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 176 - 
47-41037952 
 
With decision n. 3258/2018, the Court of Rome rejected the opposition filed by Milano 90 
(confirming the claims made by Acea) and ordered Milano 90 to pay the costs of the 
proceedings. 
Appeal 
On 26 April 2018, Milano 90 filed an appeal against the ruling of the Court of Rome. As a 
result of an oral hearing, the Court of Appeal rejected the request for suspension of the 
enforcement measure applied. The final hearing was held on 10 September 2021 and a decision 
is still awaited. 
Enforcement procedure 
Following the favourable first instance ruling, on 27 March 2018 Acea filed the appeal for the 
resumption of the enforcement procedure against Milano 90 and the injunctive order. 
After several hearings held and pending the judgment of the Court of Appeal, on 11 February 
2020, the judge of the enforcement procedure ordered the payment of Euro 6,445,687.75 (plus 
legal costs and interests) in favour of Acea. However, on 12 March 2020, Milano 90 filed an 
appeal against such enforcement measure, claiming the declaration of nullity. 
On 24 March 2020 and without a hearing, the judge of the enforcement procedure ordered the 
suspension of the enforceability of the above measure and set a hearing on 24 February 2021, 
to decide on whether to confirm, amend or revoke the measure. With an order of 27 December 
2021 the judge rejected the application for suspension of the enforceability of the measure 
appealed by Milano 90 and revoked the decree issued on 24 March 2020. The final decision 
has not yet been issued 
ACEA S.p.A. - Trifoglio S.r.l. 
The complex dispute consists of (i) a case filed by Acea as a plaintiff; and (ii) a case appearing 
as a defendant, joined in 2015 before the judge with whom the case filed as a plaintiff was 
pending. 
Case filed as a claimant 
On 22 December 2010, Acea, Trifoglio S.r.l. ("Trifoglio") and ATAC Patrimonio S.r.l. 
("ATAC Patrimonio") entered into a sale and purchase agreement regarding the so-called 
"Autoparco" property (the "Autoparco SPA"). Trifoglio breached its payment obligation for 
an amount equal to €10.3 million and due on 22 December 2011. 
As a result, Acea decided to terminate the Autoparco SPA and brought a claim with the Court 
of Rome, in accordance with article 702-bis of the Italian code of civil procedure. In addition, 
ATAC Patrimonio brought a claim for the termination of the Autoparco SPA, in relation to the 
portion for which it is responsible. 
Cases as a defendant 
On 14 February 2014, Trifoglio brought a claim against Acea and ATAC Patrimonio, stating 
the invalidity of the Autoparco SPA and requesting the recognition of compensation for 
damages for approximately Euro 20 million.

--- Page 180 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 177 - 
47-41037952 
 
With decision no. 11436/2017, the Court of Rome declared null and void the Autoparco SPA, 
substantively upholding the Aceas’ petition - aimed at having the Autoparco SPA terminated 
and recovering ownership of the area - and arranging for the return to Trifoglio of the price 
received (Euro 4 million). Moreover, the Court of Rome rejected the request for compensation 
of damages made by Trifoglio and excluded any liability of Acea, with regard to the 
truthfulness of the contractual guarantees offered to Trifoglio. On 8 August 2017, Trifoglio 
filed an appeal, with a hearing for conclusions lastly postponed to 9 September 2021. The final 
decision has not yet been issued. 
ACEA and ARETI – MP 31 S.r.l. (formerly ARMOSIA MP S.r.l.) 
In 2015, the Court of Rome issued an injunctive order against ARETI for an amount of 
€26,621.34, requested by MP 31 S.r.l., formerly known as ARMOSIA MP S.r.l. ("MP"), in 
relation to the failure of ARETI to pay rental fees for the months of April, May and June 2014, 
due under a lease agreement connected to the property in Rome located in Via Marco Polo 31. 
The injunction was declared provisionally enforceable by order of 8 July 2015. 
In the hearing held on 17 February 2016, the judge adjoined this case with another one pending 
before the Court of Rome, filed by Acea and ARETI (as transferee of the lease agreement) 
aimed at obtaining the termination of the lease agreement.  
In the context of the latter proceeding, MP also claimed compensation for damages incurred in 
consideration of the degrading condition of the building – when it was released by ARETI.  
With decision dated 27 November 2017, the Court of Rome upheld the application of the 
measure adopted against ARETI, condemning it to the payment of the previous rental fees in 
the amount of approximately Euro 2,759,818.76, as well as the payment of any and all the 
rental fees up to lease agreement expiry (i.e. 29 December 2022).  
On January 2018, Acea filed an appeal, whose hearing - initially scheduled for 16 April 2020 
– was then postponed to 16 June 2022. 
Acea – Former COS rulings 
The dispute concerns the ascertainment of the illegality of the contract between ALMAVIVA 
Contact (formerly known as COS) (“Almaviva”) and ACEA and the consequent right of 
Almaviva’s workers to be recognised as employees of ACEA. 
The majority of cases in which ACEA was unsuccessful were settled, and, out of six claims, 
only two were brought before the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) by ACEA. 
These judgements were settled by dismissal orders – made on, respectively, 2 and 10 July 2019 
– of ACEA's application and, therefore, the establishment of the employment contract between 
ACEA and the opposing parties as from 2004 was confirmed. The claimants have therefore 
started to work concretely as employees of ACEA starting from February 2020.  
The six workers who won their cases (i.e. with whom a subordinate employment relationship 
with ACEA was established) have initiated actions quantifying their claims, requesting 
payment of the wages due as a result of the established employment relationship and regarding 
different periods of accrual of the receivables. The action for quantification proposed by the 
workers regarding the remuneration differences accrued between 2008 and 2014, defined with 
a partially unfavourable judgement issued on 26 October 2021, is currently pending before the

--- Page 181 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 178 - 
47-41037952 
 
Court of Appeal of Rome, Employment Section. An appeal to the Italian Supreme Court (Corte 
di Cassazione) was filed against this ruling and the first hearing has not been scheduled yet.  
After this unfavourable verdict, ACEA paid, reserving the right to a refund, the amounts due 
as remuneration and pension differences plus interest and monetary revaluation. 
Lastly, two cases of opposition to injunctions are pending; with these, two workers initiated 
quantification actions aimed at obtaining the remuneration and pension differences accrued 
between 2014 and 2019. The hearing for discussion was held on 24 January 2022 and, with a 
judgement issued on the same date, the request of the counterparties was accepted. The terms 
for appeal are pending. 
Acea – Municipality of Botricello 
In 1995, the Municipality of Botricello transferred the management of its integrated water 
service to a temporary group of companies, which later became a consortium known as 
Hydreco S.c.a.r.l. ("Hydreco"). In 2005, the Municipality of Botricello filed a claim with the 
Court of Catanzaro against Hydreco - which included Sigesa S.p.A. (a company that transferred 
its rights to Acea) - to request the recovery of fees due for management of the integrated water 
service for the period 1995-2002, for an amount of approximately Euro 946,091.63, plus 
damages, interest and revaluation. 
Hydreco filed a counter-claim for failure to adjust tariffs and loss of earnings due to the early 
revocation of the service. During the proceeding, an expert recognised an amount of 
€230,000.00 in favour of the Municipality of Botricello. Nonetheless, on 29 October 2015, the 
Court of Catanzaro ordered Hydreco to jointly pay an amount of Euro 946,091.63, plus interest 
and revaluation, rejecting the counter-claims.  
The losing parties filed separate appeals and, with decision of 27 March 2018, the Court of 
Appeal of Catanzaro suspended the execution of the appealed judgement. However, on 6 June 
2020, the appeals were rejected. Therefore, Acea filed an appeal with the Italian Supreme Court 
(Corte di Cassazione). The date for the hearing has not yet been set. 
AGCM (Antitrust Authority) Measure – Proceeding No. A 513 
On 8 January 2019, Acea was notified by the Italian Antitrust Authority (Autorità Garante 
della Concorrenza e del Mercato) of a measure containing a joint pecuniary administrative 
sanction equal to Euro 16,199,879.09 against Acea, Acea Energia and ARETI in relation to the 
proceeding No. A 513, regarding an abuse of dominant position in the market of the sale of 
electricity. Fully convinced of the illegitimacy of the measure imposed, Acea and Acea Energia 
filed their respective appeals with the Lazio Regional Administrative Court (Tar Lazio). The 
hearing on the merits of both judgements was held on 2 October 2019.  
On 17 October 2019, the appeals were upheld with separate sentences and the fine was 
therefore annulled. 
On 17 January 2020, the Italian Antitrust Authority filed an appeal with the Italian Council of 
State (the “Council of State”). The group companies concerned lodged a cross appeal, and a 
hearing has yet to be scheduled.

--- Page 182 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 179 - 
47-41037952 
 
EMPLOYEES 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group average number of employees was 9,263 and increased by 
1,567 (compared to 31 December 2020), mainly due to the change in the foreign area following 
the start of maintenance on the water and sewerage network in north Lima. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Debt issuances 
On 3 March 2010, ACEA issued the JPY 20,000,000,000 2.5 per cent. Notes due 2025 (ISIN 
Code XS0490440384).  
On 15 May 2014, ACEA established the Euro 1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Notes 
Programme to which this Base Prospectus relates. 
On 15 July 2014, ACEA issued Euro 600,000,000 2.625 per cent. Notes due 2024 (ISIN Code 
XS1087831688) under the Programme. 
On 24 October 2016, ACEA completed a liability management transaction involving a tender 
offer of existing notes and a new issue of Euro 500,000,000 1.000 per cent. Notes due 2026 
(ISIN Code XS1508912646) under the Programme. 
On 19 January 2018, ACEA increased the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme from Euro 1,500,000,000 to 
Euro 3,000,000,000. 
On 1 February 2018, ACEA issued Euro 300,000,000 three-month EURIBOR plus 0.37 per 
cent. Floating Rate Notes due 2023 (ISIN Code XS1767087940) and Euro 700,000,000 1.500 
per cent. Notes due 2027 (ISIN Code XS1767087866) under the Programme. 
On 6 May 2019, ACEA increased the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme from Euro 3,000,000,000 to 
Euro 4,000,000,000. 
On 23 May 2019, ACEA issued Euro 500,000,000 1.750 per cent. fixed rate notes due 2028 
(ISIN Code XS2001278899) under the Programme. 
On 6 February 2020, ACEA issued Euro 500,000,000 0.5000 per cent. fixed rate notes due 
2029 (ISIN Code XS2113700921) under the Programme. 
On 16 December 2020, the Board of Directors approved the increase of the maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme from Euro 4,000,000,000 to Euro 5,000,000,000. 
On 28 January 2021, ACEA issued Euro €300,000,000 0.000 per cent. green notes due 28 
September 2025 (ISIN Code XS2292486771) and €600,000,000 0.250 per cent. green notes 
due 28 July 2030 (ISIN Code XS2292487076) issued under the Programme.

--- Page 183 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 180 - 
47-41037952 
 
Main Long Term Financing Agreements and back-up facilities 
On 11 November 2005, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti granted to ARETI a Euro 439,333,798.96 
amortising loan guaranteed by ACEA maturing on 31 December 2027. 
On 25 August 2008, the European Investment Bank granted to the Issuer a Euro 200,000,000 
unsecured loan comprising two tranches: a Euro 150,000,000 amortising loan maturing on 15 
June 2023 and Euro a 50,000,000 bullet fully prepaid on 15 March 2018. 
On 23 December 2014, the European Investment Bank granted to the Issuer a Euro 200,000,000 
amortising unsecured loan maturing on 17 June 2030, partially prepaid on 15 June 2021 for an 
amount of Euro 50,000,000. 
On 4 August 2015, the European Investment Bank granted to the Issuer a Euro 200,000,000 
unsecured loan with a three-year availability period. On 2 May 2017, the Issuer requested the 
total disbursement of the loan with an amortizing repayment maturing on 15 December 2030. 
On 18 July 2019, a pool of banks granted to Gori a Euro 80,000,000 project financing 
amortizing loan outstanding for Euro 55,086,930.6 as of 31 December 2021, maturing on 31 
December 2029. 
On October 2019, the Issuer fully consolidated Acquedotto del Fiora project financing 
amortizing loan granted by a pool of banks, outstanding for Euro 112,460,920 as of 31 
December 2021, maturing on 31 December 2029 with limited recourse on the Issuer.  
ACEA’s loans and ACEA’s subsidiaries’ principal medium/long–term borrowings, including 
the above-mentioned loan to ARETI, may be subject to covenants to be complied with by the 
borrower in accordance with international market practices and/or European Investment Bank 
standards. 
The loan agreements entered into by ACEA contain broadly market standard (LMA and/or 
EIB) provisions. 
On 1 July 2020, Banca Nazionale del Lavoro S.p.A. granted to the Issuer a Euro 
150,000,000.00 unsecured committed revolving facility, maturing on 30 June 2023. The 
facility is currently undrawn. 
On 30 July 2020, the European Investment Bank granted to the Issuer a Euro 250,000,000 
amortising unsecured loan with three years of commitment period. The loan was fully drawn 
on 13 June 2022.  
On 31 July 2020, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. granted to the Issuer a Euro 150,000,000 
unsecured committed revolving credit facility, maturing on 31 July 2023. The facility is 
currently undrawn. 
On 29 September 2020, UniCredit S.p.A. granted to the Issuer a Euro 200,000,000 unsecured 
committed revolving credit facility, maturing on 29 September 2023. The facility is currently 
undrawn. 
The above agreements entered into by Acea contain broadly market standard (LMA and/or EIB) 
provisions.

--- Page 184 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 181 - 
47-41037952 
 
On 16 November 2020, a Euro 30 million long-term structured finance transaction was signed 
in favour of SII. In particular, a loan equal to Euro 20,000,000 was granted by Banca Nazionale 
del Lavoro S.p.A. and UBI Banca S.p.A. (now merged into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.), whereas 
a loan of Euro 10 million was granted by Umbriadue Servizi Idrici S.c.a.r.l. ("Umbriadue"). 
On 20 July 2021, a pool of banks granted to Umbra Acque a Euro 62,000,000 long term 
structured finance outstanding for Euro 55.643.716,62 as of 31 December 2021, maturing on 
31 December 2031. 
The chart below shows the Acea’s maturity debt schedule in respect of its indebtedness as of 
31 March 2022. 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Partnership between Acea and Suez for the digitalisation of water service metering 
systems 
At the end of 2021, Acea and the Suez Group signed a term sheet relating to the creation of a 
joint venture for the design of an advanced smart metering system for the water service (so-
called “smart meter”), and its subsequent production and marketing in Italy and abroad on the 
basis of a specific commercial partnership.  
The project envisages the creation of a new generation multifunction meter unique on the 
market, which ACEA and the Suez Group believe represents a breakthrough in future 
communication technologies in this sector. To this end, the companies involved are jointly 
developing a patent, pooling their complementary expertise. 
On 29 March 2022, ACEA and the Suez Group signed the definitive agreements for the 
implementation of the corporate joint venture described above. The obligation of the parties to 
implement said project is subject to the satisfaction of the condition precedent concerning the 
issuance by the competent antitrust authority of the decision authorizing the transaction, 
without the provision of commitments and/or conditions, within 31 December 2022 or a 
different term agreed in written between the parties. 
Acquisition of concessions in the gas distribution field 
The consortium formed by Ascopiave (58%), Acea (28%) and Iren (14%), after having won 
the tender for the sale by A2A of concessions in the natural gas distribution service, signed an 
agreement with the A2A Group for the acquisition of the relative assets. 
93
389
687
542
596
794
570
552
628
0,06
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
€ Million

--- Page 185 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 182 - 
47-41037952 
 
The scope of activities covered by the transaction includes approximately 157 thousand users, 
distributed in 8 Italian Regions belonging to 24 ATEMs, for over 2,800 km of network. The 
economic value of the acquisition in terms of enterprise value, as of 30 June 2021, is equal to 
Euro 126.7 million. The expected average annual EBITDA over the 2022-2024 period is equal 
to approximately Euro 12.8 million, while the 2020 regulatory asset base (“RAB”) of the 
acquired assets amounts to Euro 108.9 million (including the centralised RAB of Euro 6.2 
million). 
The consideration envisaged for the acquisition will be financed by cash flows from ordinary 
operations and the existing debt capacity of the consortium companies. The transaction has 
been closed on 1 April 2022.  
Approval by the shareholders' meeting of Acea of the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the payment of a dividend of €0.85 per share  
On 27 April 2022, the shareholders’ meeting of Acea approved the 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements, which showed a net profit, following allocations to third parties, of 
approximately €313 million. The consolidated non-financial statement prepared pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 (i.e. 2021 Sustainability Report) was also presented to the 
shareholders. Furthermore, the shareholders’ meeting of Acea also approved (i) the allocation 
of the profit for the year, as proposed by the Board of Directors; and (ii) the distribution of the 
dividends, for a total amount of €180,665,720.95, equal to €0.85 per share. The dividends will 
be paid starting from 22 June 2022, with coupon detachment on 20 June 2022 and record date 
on 21 June 2022.  
Fourth year improvement of Acea’s Gaia Rating ESG assignment.  
Gaia Rating assigned ACEA a score of 82 out of 100 following an assessment of the 
Company’s overall ESG performance. ACEA’s score has improved for four years in a row, 
confirming its position as one of best-performing companies in terms of sustainability. 
Above the average industry ranking for Acea’s Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI) 
2022. 
ACEA improved its ranking in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI) 2022, obtaining a 
score of 80.67, more than ten points higher than in 2021 and ranking well above the average 
for the utilities sector (71.21) and the survey sample (71.11). 
Acquisition by Acea Ambiente of the business unit named “Polo Cirsu” 
On 30 June 2022, Acea Ambiente was awarded the business unit named “Polo Cirsu” (located 
in Casette di Grasciano Notaresco, province of Teramo) as a result of the participation in an 
auction held by the Court of Teramo in the context of an insolvency proceeding. Acea 
Ambiente submitted the highest bid of the auction, equal to Euro 19,100,000. 
The business unit consists of the “Grasciano1” landfill, which has reached its authorised 
capacity; the new “Grasciano2” landfill, consisting of an initial lot of 234,000 cubic meters and 
a second lot to be constructed, with authorised capacity of 246,000.00 cubic meters; a recycling 
and composting plant and a platform for the recovery of separated waste and durable goods.

--- Page 186 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 183 - 
47-41037952 
 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER   
The following financial information is taken from the audited consolidated financial statements 
of ACEA as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. The audited 
consolidated financial statements of ACEA as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020, which have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., as well 
as the accompanying notes, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The 
financial information below should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety 
by reference to, such financial statements, reports and the notes thereto. See also "Information 
incorporated by reference". 
Certain figures included in the financial information set out in the tables below have been 
subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented 
in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 187 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 184 - 
47-41037952 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Assets 
 
As at 31.12.2021 
As at 31.12.2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(millions of euro) 
Property, plant and equipment ......................................  
2,938 
2,787 
Investment property  .....................................................  
2 
2 
Goodwill  ......................................................................  
251 
224 
Concessions  .................................................................  
3,048 
2,835 
Other intangible assets  .................................................  
412 
313 
Right of use ..................................................................  
53 
74 
Investments in: subsidiaries and associates  .................  
292 
276 
Other investments  ........................................................  
3 
3 
Deferred tax assets  .......................................................  
203 
235 
Financial assets  ............................................................  
22 
39 
Other assets  .................................................................  
576 
522 
NON CURRENT ASSETS .........................................  
7,802 
7,311 
Inventories ....................................................................  
86 
92 
Trade receivables  .........................................................  
1,072 
982 
Other current assets  .....................................................  
388 
257 
Cash and cash equivalents  ...........................................  
24 
10 
Current financial assets ................................................  
408 
380 
Current tax assets..........................................................  
681 
642 
CURRENT ASSETS ..................................................  
2,659 
2,363 
Non current assets available for sale ............................  
168 
0 
TOTAL ASSETS ........................................................  
10,629 
9,674

--- Page 188 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 185 - 
47-41037952 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity 
 
As at 31.12.2021 
As at 31.12.2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(millions of euro) 
Shareholders’ Equity: 
 
 
Share capital ...................................................................................... 
1,099 
1,099 
Legal reserve ..................................................................................... 
139 
130 
Other reserves .................................................................................... 
(123) 
(225) 
Retained earnings / (losses)  .............................................................. 
696 
676 
Profit / (loss) for the year ................................................................... 
313 
285 
Total shareholders’ equity attributable to the Group .................. 
2,124 
1,965 
Minority interests .............................................................................. 
392 
358 
Total shareholders’ equity  ............................................................. 
2,516 
2,323 
Employee severance indemnity and other 
defined-benefit plans ......................................................................... 
120 
122 
Provision for risk and charges  .......................................................... 
193 
157 
Borrowings and financial liabilities  .................................................. 
4,792 
4,154 
Other liabilities  ................................................................................. 
409 
406 
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES .................................................... 
5,514 
4,839 
Payables to suppliers  ........................................................................ 
1,706 
1,627 
Other current liabilities  ..................................................................... 
540 
424 
Financial payables  ............................................................................ 
285 
420 
Tax payables  ..................................................................................... 
19 
40 
CURRENT LIABILITIES .............................................................. 
2,550 
2,511 
Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale ...................... 
47 
0 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ...... 
10,629 
9,674

--- Page 189 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 186 - 
47-41037952 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
As at 31.12.2021 
As at 31.12.2020 
(audited) 
(millions of euro) 
Cash flow from operating activities 
  
Profit before tax from continuing operations…………………….. 
503 
461 
Profit before tax from discontinued operations………………….. 
0 
0 
Depreciation/amortisation……………………………………….. 
547 
498 
Revaluations/impairment charges……………………………….. 
57 
35 
Increase/(decrease) in provisions for liabilities………………….. 
(4) 
3 
Net increase/(decrease) in staff termination benefits……………. 
(7) 
19 
Gains on disposals………………………………………………. 
0 
0 
Net financial interest expense…………………………………… 
86 
88 
Income taxes paid……………………………………………….. 
(180) 
(119) 
Cash flow generated by operating activities before changes in 
working capital………………………………………………… 
1,002 
985 
Increase in current receivables…………………………………. 
(185) 
22 
Increase/decrease in current payables…………………………… 
91 
31 
Increase/(decrease) in inventories……………………………….. 
7 
(28) 
Change in working capital…………………………………….. 
(87) 
24 
Change in other assets/liabilities during the period 
(159) 
(183) 
Cash flow from operations of Disposal Groups/Assets held for 
sale 
3 
0 
TOTAL CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
759 
827 
Cash flow from investment activities 
 
 
Purchase/sale of property, plant and equipment…………………. 
(626) 
(572) 
Purchase/sale of intangible fixed assets………………………….. 
(355) 
(335) 
Equity investments……………………………………………….. 
(90) 
(104) 
Proceeds/payments deriving from other financial investments….. 
1 
(68) 
Dividends received……………………………………………….. 
7 
30 
Interest income received………………………………………….. 
14 
15 
Cash flow from investments of Disposal Groups/Assets held for 
sale 
(3) 
0 
TOTAL…………………………………………………………… 
(1,051) 
(1,034) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
 
 
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries’ capital increase……….. 
0 
0 
Repayment of borrowings and long-term loans………………….. 
(234) 
(488) 
Disbursement of borrowings/other medium/long-term loans……. 
902 
605 
Decrease/increase in other short-term borrowings……………….. 
(147) 
59 
Interest expense paid……………………………………………… 
(101) 
(102) 
Dividends paid……………………………………………………. 
(97) 
(93) 
Cash flow from loans of Disposal Groups/Assets held for sale 
0 
0 
TOTAL CASH FLOW………………………………………….. 
324 
(19) 
Cash flows for the period……………………………………….. 
32 
(227) 
Net opening balance of cash and cash equivalents……………. 
642 
836 
Cash availability from acquisition 
19 
34 
Net closing balance of cash and cash equivalents…………… 
693 
642 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year Disposal 
Groups/Assets held for sale 
12 
0 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year Continuing 
Operations 
681 
642

--- Page 190 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 187 - 
47-41037952 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(audited) 
 
(millions of euro) 
Revenue from sales and services  ...................................................  
3,816 
3,205 
Other revenue and income ..............................................................  
156 
174 
Consolidated Net Revenues .........................................................  
3,972 
3,379 
Personnel costs  ..............................................................................  
276 
268 
Cost of materials and overheads .....................................................  
2,461 
1,987 
Consolidated Operating Costs  ....................................................  
2,737 
2,255 
Net profit / (cost) from commodity risk management ....................  
0 
0.3 
Income / (costs) from equity investments of a non financial nature  
21 
30 
EBITDA ........................................................................................  
1,256 
1,155 
Net write-downs (write-backs) of trade receivables .......................  
86 
79 
Depreciation, amortization and provisions .....................................  
589 
541 
Operating Profit / (loss) ................................................................  
581 
535 
Financial income  ...........................................................................  
11 
10 
Financial costs ................................................................................  
(97) 
(98) 
Income / (costs) from equity investments .......................................  
8 
14 
Profit / (loss) before tax  ...............................................................  
503 
461 
Income taxes  ..................................................................................  
151 
135 
Net Profit / (loss)  ..........................................................................  
352 
327 
Net Profit / (loss) from discontinued operations  ............................  
0 
0 
Net Profit / (loss)  ..........................................................................  
352 
327 
Profit / (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ....................  
39 
42 
Net Profit / (loss) attributable to the Group ...............................  
313 
285

--- Page 191 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 188 - 
47-41037952 
 
REGULATORY 
EU and Italian laws significantly regulate ACEA’s core energy, water, networks and waste 
management businesses and these regulations may affect ACEA’s operating profit or the way 
it conducts business. The principal regulations applicable to ACEA are summarised below. 
Although this summary contains all the information that ACEA’s management considers 
material in the context of the issue of the Notes, it is not complete. Investors should read this 
summary together with the legislation applicable to ACEA, and not rely on this summary only. 
Water business 
The Galli Law and Environmental Code 
The first comprehensive set of legal provisions enacted to regulate the sector of water services 
was contained in Law No. 36 of 5 January 1994 (the "Galli Law") aimed at revising the existing 
scheme of regulation applicable to the management of water resources, the supply of drinking 
water and waste water treatment. 
The Galli Law supported a transition towards integrated management of all water resources, 
including both drinking water services and waste-water services and delegates the authority for 
the integrated water services to local authorities. 
The Galli Law is no longer directly applicable since it was repealed by Legislative Decree No. 
152 of 3 April 2006 (the "Environmental Code"). Through the Environmental Code, the Galli 
Law was reviewed but substantively maintained. 
The Environmental Code, which contains integrated provisions for all environmental 
businesses and, in principle, the regulation of the management of the integrated water service 
system in Italy, is based on the following principles: 
• establishment of a sole integrated system for the management of the entire cycle of the 
water resources (integrated water services or "servizio idrico integrato"), including the 
abstraction, transportation and distribution of water for non-industrial purposes, water 
drainage and purification of waste water; 
• identification, by the Italian Regions and within each of them, of "Optimal Territorial 
Districts" ("Ambiti Territoriali Ottimali" or "ATOs"), within which the integrated 
water services are to be managed. The boundaries of ATOs were defined on the basis 
of: (i) consistency with hydrological conditions and logistical considerations; (ii) the 
goal of achieving industry consolidation; (iii) the potential for economics of scale and 
operational efficiencies; and 
• institution of a water district authority for each ATO ("Water District Authority” or 
"Autorità di Ambito Territoriale Ottimale" or "AATOs"), responsible for: (i) 
organising integrated water services, by means of an integrated water district plan 
which, inter alia, sets out an investments policy and management plan relating to the 
relevant district (Piano d’Ambito); (ii) identifying and overseeing an operator of 
integrated water services; (iii) determining the tariffs applicable to users; (iv) 
monitoring and supervising the service and the activities carried out by the selected 
operator, in order to ensure the correct application of the tariffs and the achievement of 
the objectives and quality levels set out in the district plan. 
The organisation of integrated water services relies on a clear distinction in the division of tasks 
among the various governing bodies. The State and regional authorities carry out general

--- Page 192 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 189 - 
47-41037952 
 
planning activities. Local authorities (Water District Authorities) supervise, organise and 
control the integrated water services but these activities are managed and operated on a day-
to-day basis by (public or private) service operators. 
Law No. 42 of 26 March 2010 provided for the abolition of the AATO’s starting from 27 March 
2011, which deadline was subsequently extended to 31 March 2011, 31 December 2011 and 
again to 31 December 2012. By this deadline, regional governments were required to re-assign, 
by means of specific laws, the roles previously performed by the AATOs, in accordance with 
the principles of subsidiarity, differentiation and adequacy. 
The Environmental Code provides for civil, penal and administrative sanctions in case of 
violations of its provisions. 
It must also be noted that, from August 2011, according to the rules set forth by Legislative 
Decree No. 121 of 7 July 2011, some crimes concerning water discharge disposal have been 
introduced within Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 ("Decree 231/2001") on entities 
administrative responsibility which provides that a company is responsible for certain offences 
(not only crimes) committed by its executives, directors, agents and/or employees in the interest 
or to the benefit of that company.  
Law No. 68 of 22 May 2015 (published in Official Journal 28 No. 122 on May 2015) approved 
new regulations on environmental crimes. In particular, Law 68/2015 introduces the new Title 
VI-bis - "Crimes against the environment" into the Italian Criminal Code amending art. 257 
and 260 of Legislative Decree No. 152/2006. These new crimes add to the list of unlawful acts 
for which Authorities can be held responsible in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 
231/2001, requiring an update of organisational models. 
The Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment ("ARERA") 
Article 21, paragraphs 13 and 19 of Decree Law 201/11 has transferred to the ARERA 
(formerly, AEEGSI) "the functions of regulation and control of water services" and at the same 
time abolishing the National Agency for the regulation and supervision of water sector. 
The Decree of the President of the Council of Ministers dated 20 July 2012, implementing art. 
21, paragraph 19 of Decree-Law 201/11, specifies, in Article 2, paragraph 1, that the functions 
of regulation and control of water services transferred to the ARERA also pursue the following 
objectives: 
• guaranteeing the equal dissemination, accessibility and quality of services to users 
throughout the country; 
• establishment of a tariff system that is fair, reliable, transparent and non-discriminatory; 
• protection of the rights and interests of users; 
• management of water services in terms of efficiency, economic balance and financial 
performance; and 
• implementation of EU principles of "full cost recovery". 
Article 1, paragraph 1, of Law No. 481/95 provides that the ARERA should pursue, in the 
performance of their duties, "the purpose of ensure the promotion of competition and efficiency 
in the service sector utilities, [...] as well as adequate levels of quality in these services in terms 
of cost and profitability, ensuring usability and spread evenly throughout the country, defining

--- Page 193 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 190 - 
47-41037952 
 
a reliable tariff system transparent and based on predefined criteria, promoting protect the 
interests of users and consumers, taking into account the legislation Community and general 
policy guidelines formulated by the Government. The tariff system also harmonize the 
objectives economic and financial of the parties operating the service with the general 
objectives of character social, environmental protection and efficient use of resources". 
The new tariff method from 2020 to 2023: Resolution-No. 580/2019/R/idr 
On 30 December 2019, with Resolution No. 580/2019/R/IDR, the ARERA approved the new 
tariff method (“MTI-3” or “Water Tariff Method”) for the period from 2020 to 2023. The 
new regulatory framework sets national standards (thus overcoming the water service local 
standards), makes operating costs more efficient, promotes environmental sustainability, also 
through ARERA’s plan for strategic works (piano delle opere strategiche) (“Plan for 
Strategic Works”), and provides for incentives for installing metering devices, with the aim 
of raising citizens’ awareness of their own consuming habits. These are the main principles 
underlying the new Water Tariff Method, which also fully places the sector within the circular 
economy, rewarding energy efficiency and providing for incentives to save and reuse water. 
The MTI-3 applies to all water service operators in Italy (whether they are listed companies or 
operators working on behalf of local municipalities). 
With respect to the previous tariff method (the “MTI-2”), the new method essentially 
confirmed the configuration, general mechanism and methods for approving tariffs for the four-
year period 2020-2023, notwithstanding the introduction of several significant changes.  
First, the operator’s positioning criterion in the matrix of regulatory schemes changed, no 
longer depending on the interaction between average operating cost and the ratio of investment 
needs to RAB, but on the operator’s Guaranteed Revenue Constraint (“GRC”) and investment 
needs to RAB. The new rule involves a reduction in the maximum annual tariff increase in all 
the schemes of the matrix with variations from a minimum of 5.2% (scheme 1) to a maximum 
of 8.5% (scheme VI), while in the four-year period 2016-2019 the range of variation was from 
6% to 9%.  
The four-year duration of the regulatory period has been confirmed, with an update being 
provided every two years, as well as the possibility for an anticipated review, if so requested 
by the EGA, certifying the extraordinary nature of events that may affect the economic-
financial balance of management activities. More inspection tools and control phases will 
ensure that potential tariff increases will only be possible following actual investments or 
certified operational improvements. In fact, a ceiling for tariffs increase has been confirmed, 
which, for the first time, is differentiated not only with regard to operating costs, but also on 
the basis of total costs per inhabitant served. 
Another important element is represented by the introduction of an operating cost efficiency 
mechanism through the use of an econometric model for estimating the total cost boundary, 
determined according to the output level and the prices of inputs. The mechanism rewards those 
operators that achieve lower operating costs per capita than those estimated by the model, 
while in the opposite case the margin between recognised endogenous operating costs and 
efficient operating cost will feed into an allocative tool additional to the UI2 equalisation tariff 
component, for sustaining the bonus for technical and commercial quality. 
Incentives have also been provided for measuring water consumption – installing water meters 
also for single apartments in condominiums - and for additional support to vulnerable users, 
decided at local level, to be added to the national Water Bonus introduced in 2018. The 
introduced Plan for Strategic Works is a tool for local government authorities appointed for

--- Page 194 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 191 - 
47-41037952 
 
each ATO (“Enti di Governo dell’Ambito” or “EGA”) aimed to focus the planned 
infrastructures dedicated to complex works with a useful life of over 20 years, which are 
considered a priority to ensure acceptable levels of service quality for end users and for the 
environmental protection. The Plan for Strategic Works includes works planned between 2020 
and 2027 and indicates the time schedule of the various activities and any public funding that 
may be available. 
The deadline for the submission of the tariff application was originally scheduled for 30 April 
2020. However, in compliance with the deferred term, due to COVID-19 emergency, approved 
with resolution 59/2020 / R / idr, it has been postponed to 30 June 2020. 
Criteria for the biennial update (2022-2023): Resolution-No. 639/2021/R/idr 
On 30 December 2021, with Resolution No. 639/2021/R/IDR, ARERA approved the 
provisions relating to the rules and procedures for the intra-period tariff update, in compliance 
with the methodology set out in MTI-3. 
The following points are noteworthy in relation to the cost components recognised in the tariff: 
• the “Opmis” component is aimed at implementing measures to speed up compliance 
with the most recent regulatory provisions helping to make users more aware of their 
consumption, as well as to encourage limitation procedures in the event of arrears and 
selective disconnection. It may be redetermined also on the basis of any additional 
charges to increase the effectiveness of the metering service (i.e. the provisions 
introduced by Resolution 609/2021/R/IDR). The quantification criteria are also 
specified in greater detail, and are identified as the coverage of the costs of providing 
incentives to users for works to individualise supply and the contracting/entrusting of 
complete metering services within apartment buildings (condominiums); 
• as regards electricity, the average cost of the supply sector is set at the highest values 
of the ranges put out to consultation (0.1543 €/kWh for 2022 and 0.1618 €/kWh for 
2023). There is also the possibility of also exploiting an additional forecast component 
aimed at getting at least a partial advance warning of the effects of rising electricity 
costs;  
• the additional costs due to the COVID-19 epidemiological emergency are confirmed 
for the year 2021;  
• as regards the cost of arrears, there is a widening of the turnover base to which the 
percentages for calculating the maximum recognised cost are to be applied. From 2022 
this will include the revenue from the application of the tariff equalisation components. 
With regard to the planning documents, it is established that ARERA’s action plan (“piano 
degli interventi”) (the “Action Plan”) and the Strategic Works Plan encompass the actions 
financed by the public resources allocated within the framework of the Next Generation EU 
instruments, with an indication of the time development of the relative planned spending; these 
documents must also take into account the impact of the adjustments to the regulation of 
technical quality and the methods for assessing the technical and contractual quality 
performance. 
Attention is also drawn to the provisions for compliance with various of Council of State 
decisions on tariff calculation rules for 2012, 2013 and for the period 21 July - 31 December 
2011. In this regard, there is a specific item within the adjustment components, designed to

--- Page 195 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 192 - 
47-41037952 
 
recover what was not recognised by the previous tariff rules (it specifically concerns the 
methods of calculating net working capital, tax charges on the fund for new investments 
(“Fondo Nuovi Investimenti” or “FoNI”) component , systemic changes or exceptional events, 
financial charges for adjustments of the restriction recognised on revenues, costs of equity in 
the determination of revenues admissible for the calculation of post-referendum refunds). 
There are also amendments to the technical quality regulation, involving the revision of M1 
macro-indicator (Water losses) in compliance with Council of State decision No. 2672/2021. 
The change includes the length of the distribution network connections in the calculation of 
linear water losses and the consequent modification of the classification grid. 
The deadline for the submission of the tariff application is scheduled for 30 April 2022. 
Review of some criteria for the biennial update (2022-2023): Resolution-No. 229/2021/R/idr 
In compliance with the ordinances of the Regional Administrative Court of Lombardy relating 
to the "extraordinary and documented extent of the increases in energy costs", ARERA has 
revised some criteria for the biennial updating. In particular, the resolution provides for two 
possibilities for managers in difficulty: 
• recognition of the higher costs of electricity in 2021 compared to what was established 
in MTI-3. The application, referring to the year 2023, for the recognition of additional 
costs in quantifying the "costs for the occurrence of exceptional events" component, 
must be accompanied by an action plan to contain the cost of energy and by measures 
to make the tariff charged to end users sustainable. 
In order to strengthen the monitoring of the trend of electricity costs incurred at national 
level for the management of the integrated water service, starting from 2023 ARERA 
will publish the average cost of the electricity supply sector every year. 
 
• Financial advance. In the event of proven critical financial management issues, the 
government authorities (EGA) can formulate a justified request to the Energy and 
Environmental Services Fund (Cassa per i Servizi Energetici e Ambientali, “CSEA”) 
by 30 June 2022 for the activation of financial advances connected to the procurement 
of resources, in order to cover part of the expenses incurred for the purchase of 
electricity. The advance has a maximum value equal to 35% of the cost of electricity 
for 2022 quantified for the purposes of updating the financial provision, is subject to 
some binding conditions (first and foremost the fulfilment of tariff obligations), will be 
paid by 31 July 2022 and must be repaid to the CSEA by 31 December 2024. 
Quality Regulation: Resolution No. 655/2015/R/IDR 
On 28 December 2015, with Resolution No. 655/2015/R/IDR, the ARERA approved the 
Integrated Text for the regulation of the contractual quality of the SII, in other words each of 
the single services comprised therein (the “RQSII”). The minimum levels and objectives of 
the contractual quality of the SII were defined, by identifying indicators consisting of 
maximum time thresholds and minimum quality standards for the services to be provided to 
users, the same nationwide, also determining the methods for recording, communicating and 
checking the data from the services supplied by the service managers. In the event of failure to 
respect the specific quality standards for the individual services supplied to users, the Authority 
has introduced automatic indemnities to be paid to users in well-defined times and methods, 
while for the general quality standards, referring to the overall services, a mechanism of fines 
has been put in place. Sanctions are also provided for the failure to respect the standards in the

--- Page 196 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 193 - 
47-41037952 
 
event of repeated breaches of the standards and in the event of breaches being ascertained 
during checks by the Authority. The Integrated Text (RQSII) included 44 standards (30 specific 
and 14 general) concerning services involved in the start-up, management and termination of 
contractual relations, charging, billing, payment and division into instalments, complaints, 
written requests for information and billing rectification, the management of outlets, the quality 
of telephone services and obligations in the event of the application of art. 156 of Legislative 
Decree 152/2006. The new quality regulations, introduced at the end of 2015 resolution, came 
into force on 1 July 2016, except for certain aspects concerning automatic indemnities 
(especially the mechanism for increasing the indemnity for failure to respect minimum 
standards over time), the obligations to notify the Authority and framework government 
authorities (EGA) and the quality obligations for telephone services, which are applicable from 
1 January 2017. The Resolution also provides for the possibility that the framework 
government authorities, also following a proposal by the service manager, make specific claims 
requesting the application of higher standards than those in the RQSII, also stating the date of 
their entry into force.  
The Italian Law no. 205/2017 introduced certain measures to strengthen (i) the protection for 
the end users, in cases where invoiced amounts for consumption were dated back more than 
two years, and (ii) disclosure obligations placed on water service operators. Then ARERA, 
with resolution 571/2018/R/IDR, launched a monitoring activity aimed at verifying the correct 
implementation of the contractual quality regulation and updating its current regulations. In 
October 2019, with consultation document (“DCO”) no. 422/2019/R/IDR ARERA started a 
consultation on such subject, aimed at illustrating the main lines of action set out.  
The final measure, Resolution 547/2019/R/IDR, included the regulation of the contractual 
quality of the integrated water service, as defined by Resolution no. 655/2015/R/IDR, in order 
to strengthen the protection of users’ interests and guarantee adequate levels of performance 
by operators. 
With the new provisions relating to contractual quality, an incentive mechanism was introduced 
similar to the one envisaged for the regulation of technical quality, based on the construction 
of 2 macro-indicators obtained from the 42 simple indicators already envisaged by Resolution 
655/2015/R/IDR: (i) MC1 “Initiation and termination of the contractual relationship” 
composed of simple indicators relating to estimates, the execution of connections and works 
and the activation and deactivation of services; (ii) MC2 “Management of the contractual 
relationship and accessibility to the service” composed of simple indicators relating to 
appointments, invoicing, meter and pressure level checks, responses to written requests and the 
management of contact points with users. The macro-indicators are calculated as the average 
of the relevant simple indicators, weighted according to the number of services provided. Based 
on the initial performance levels related to each macro-indicator, three classes of annual targets 
are identified: Class A (maintaining the starting level), Class B (with improvement of 1%), 
Class C (with improvement of 3%). Rewards and penalties with respect to the objective set 
based on the starting level are determined through a multi-stage assessment broken down into 
base level and level of excellence. Prizes and penalties will be quantified from 2022 onwards 
based on performance in each of the two previous years (just for the first year of the 
performance evaluation, 2020, the starting level is defined on the basis of the simple indicators 
recorded in 2018). This represents a further important innovation to the previous regulatory 
framework. 
In terms of contractual quality, the provision foreseen to extend the protections also to non-
contractual entities that require the performance of services preparatory to the conclusion of

--- Page 197 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 194 - 
47-41037952 
 
the supply contract. If a contractual relationship is established for the supply of the water 
service, the operator is required to provide automatic compensation under Title X of the RQSII 
in the first subsequent invoice. A minimum billing frequency of not less than one month is then 
introduced, and details are provided on the standards for services whose execution time 
depends on the work of third parties (reading meters in joint consultation with chambers of 
commerce, in accordance with Italian Ministerial Decree 93/2017, and complex works for 
which works to be carried out by the user are necessary or which deeds like concessions, 
authorisations or easements must be requested for). Attachment B of Resolution no. 547/2019 
contains provisions on the subject of disclosure obligations in the event of a two-year limitation 
period as per the amendments introduced by the Italian 2018 Budget Law no. 205/2017. 
Deposit of users: resolutions 02/28/2013 - 86/2013/R/IDR and 27/12/2013 - 643/2013/R/IDR 
On 28 February 2013, the ARERA approved a resolution that regulates the deposits of users. 
The ARERA provided that: 
• the operator may require the end user at the time of conclusion of the supply contract, 
the payment of a security deposit; 
• the security deposit charged by the operator in accordance with Article 3, paragraph 3.1, 
is determined by the value of the consideration payable for a maximum of three months’ 
historic consumption; 
• for end users with supply contracts in place at the time of entry into force of this 
provision: the operator may retain a security deposit, executing the related adjustments, 
the amounts paid by end users before the entry into force of this measure as an advance 
on consumption or guarantee executing the related adjustments. 
Quality of Water Fit for Human Consumption 
Legislative Decree No. 31 of 2 February 2001 ("Decree No. 31/2001") redefined the quality 
requirements for fresh water and introduced measures to guarantee the protection of fresh water 
sources. The law was introduced to safeguard human health from water contamination by 
ensuring that all water is healthy and clean. 
"Water for human consumption" includes all water of any origin, prior to or following 
treatment, which is provided for consumption or utilised by food industries. Mineral and 
thermal waters are excluded from this category. 
Decree No. 31/2001 established the quality requirements for fresh water on the basis of 
parameters and values defined in Annex I of such legislative decree. To ensure compliance 
with those parameters, Decree No. 31/2001 also provided for periodical water quality checks. 
These checks may be carried out by the operator of the integrated water services (internal 
monitoring) or by a local health unit (external monitoring). Water provided for human 
consumption had to comply with the parameters set out in Annex 1 to Decree No. 31/2001 by 
25th December 2003. 
Constitutional Court judgment 335/2008 
Constitutional Court judgment 335 of 10 October 2008 ("Decision 335/2008") declared both 
Article 14, paragraph 1 of the Galli Law and the corresponding Article 155, paragraph 1 of the 
Environmental Code to be partially unconstitutional. These provisions established that the tariff 
component covering waste water treatment is payable by end users "even if there are no 
treatment plants or such plants are temporarily inactive".

--- Page 198 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 195 - 
47-41037952 
 
The judgment is based on the opinion that the integrated water services tariff represents 
payment for services provided under contract and not a form of taxation. 
Following Decision 335/2008, the Italian Parliament approved Law No. 13 of 27 February 
2009, which under Article 8-sexies introduced a new binding component to the tariff, 
remunerating the costs incurred in carrying out the overall activities involved in water 
treatment, including the design, construction and completion of plants and the related 
investments, as expressly identified and programmed in the area plans. 
Under the new legislation, this new component "must be paid" to the operator by end users, in 
cases where there are no treatment plants or such plants are temporarily inactive, from the start-
up of the tender procedures for the design or completion of the infrastructure necessary in order 
to provide the treatment service, provided that such procedures are implemented in accordance 
with the established schedule. The second paragraph of Article 8-sexies referred to above, also 
governs the method of reimbursing the sums received from end users, in accordance with the 
Constitutional Court ruling, establishing that the design, construction and completion costs 
incurred are to be deducted from the rebate. 
The Ministry of the Environment issued a decree on 30 September 2009, published on 8 
February 2010 (the "Ministerial Decree"), setting out the rules concerning the reimbursement 
of the disallowed tariff component covering waste-water treatment. 
In particular, the Ministerial Decree establishes that: 
• the operator must provide the Water District Authority with all the relevant information 
necessary to permit the ARERA to calculate the amount of the rebates. In particular: 
(a) 
the customers’ list containing all the information about whose customers are 
connected to the sewage network; 
(b) 
amounts paid by the single customer with reference to the tariff component 
covering waste water treatment; 
(c) 
all the information related to costs incurred in design, construction and 
completion of the treatment plants; and 
(d) 
the calculation of sums paid by end users in connection with waste water 
management; 
• the rebate must be calculated by the Water District Authority, on the basis of the 
information provided by the operator; 
• the operator must reimburse the disallowed tariff component, either in a lump sum or 
in instalments, within five years from 1 October 2009; and 
• the Water District Authorities are authorised to take all measures necessary to ensure 
that the operator maintains its financial stability, possibly through an extraordinary 
revision of tariffs. 
In any case, following the approval of the Ministerial Decree, the previous tariffs methods 
(MTT, MTI and MTI-2), now confirmed by MTI-3, have substantially provided for the 
balancing of the reimbursement to end users, thus guaranteeing the revenues of the relevant 
operators. 
Regulation First Year: 2016 – ARERA Water Services Activities

--- Page 199 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 196 - 
47-41037952 
 
(a) Resolution 137/2016/R/COM: "integration of the accounts unbundling integrated 
text (TIUC) with the provisions concerning the accounts separation (unbundling) 
obligations for the water sector": 
• 
With this Resolution, the ARERA has integrated the current unbundling of 
accounts provided in the Accounts Unbundling Integrated Text (“TIUC”) for 
the electricity and gas sectors with the introduction of accounts unbundling 
obligations for the managers of the SII and relevant communication obligations. 
The measure, which follows a detailed consultation process (82/2013/R/com, 
379/2015/R/IDR and 515/2015/R/IDR) and focus group with those involved, 
thus completes the regulatory framework for accounts unbundling, adopting a 
new version of the TIUC, which contains the provisions previously in force for 
energy services and the new provisions for the water sector. The resolution 
provides that the accounts unbundling system for the water sector is applicable 
to all the managers of the SII managing the service on the basis of an awarding 
procedure in compliance with the laws in force. In particular, with regards to 
the water service, an ordinary regime is provided that is applicable to the 
managers of the SII serving more than 50,000 inhabitants and for multi-ATO 
managers and larger entities (as identified by the Framework Authorities) which, 
although not providing the service to end users directly, manage the resources, 
treatment and/or waste treatment. The resolution confirms the introduction of 
the geographical-territorial size as the basis for the accounts unbundling of the 
SII at the ATO level in order to enable the recording of all the economic and 
equity data for each SII service, which are required to guarantee its application. 
The new provisions concerning the accounts unbundling of the SII will be 
applicable as of the 2016 financial year, this financial year being considered as 
experimental for the water sector. Therefore, the data recorded during the initial 
collection of unbundling data is not expected to be used for the approval of the 
2018 tariffs. The managers of the SII may prepare the annual accounts for the 
2016 and 2017 financial years separated according to the simplified regime of 
accounts unbundling, except for the multi-ATO managers and the managers that 
are required to prepare the annual accounts separated according to the ordinary 
regime for the electricity and gas sector. On 2 May 2016, the ARERA published 
on its company website the schemes of the unbundled annual accounts (CAS) 
for the first financial year starting after 31 December 2015 (2016 financial year) 
for activities in the water sector.  
(b) Resolution 218/2016/R/IDR: "Provisions for supplying the measurement service 
of the integrated water service at a national level":  
• This measure introduces an initial set of provisions concerning the utility 
measurement, deferring to subsequent measures the regulations of the industrial 
utilities authorised to discharge in public drainage systems, the matter of water 
balance and the definition of the performance levels of the measurement service. 
The new provisions in the integrated text for the regulation of the measurement 
service in the framework of the integrated water service at a national level 
(“TIMSII”), annexed to the resolution, concern, in particular:  
• the responsibility for the measurement service, assigned to the managers of SII 
which manage aqueduct activities nationwide and will then also invoice the 
drainage and waste treatment payments for the same levels of consumption;

--- Page 200 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 197 - 
47-41037952 
 
• the obligations for the installation, maintenance and checking of the utility 
meters (including meeting the criteria for conducting the meter reading 
activities in accordance with applicable law); 
• the obligations for collecting utility measurements (introduction of a minimum 
number of annual attempts to read meters, differentiated on the basis of the 
consumer category, minimal time lags between attempts and repeating the 
attempt to read meters in the event of utilities with inaccessible or partially 
accessible meters); 
• the obligation to make available to end users at least three methods of self-meter 
reading (SMS message, telephone call and web chat) active at all times 365 days 
a year; 
• the method of calculating the mean annual consumption to be used in order to 
determine the minimum number of annual meter reading attempts and the 
method for estimating and reconstructing data; 
• the obligations for filing and making available to those involved the 
measurement data and the obligations of recording and notifying the Authority. 
The resolution also includes an integration to the communication obligation to 
bill users as of 1 January 2017, establishing that the bill must contain the 
minimum number of meter reading attempts annually in addition to the average 
annual consumption of the user as defined in the TIMSII. The timeframe for the 
application of the new measurement provisions is the same as that in resolution 
655/2015 (contractual quality), in other words 1 July 2016, it being understood 
that some provisions will come into force subsequently, such as those 
concerning the general criteria for recording consumption levels and the 
availability of web-chat mode (from 1 January 2017) and electronic meter 
reading (from 1 July 2017). However, there is a possibility that the framework 
government authority may submit reasoned requests for derogation to the 
Authority for a maximum of twelve months should the service managers prove 
that they are unable to fulfil the provisions of the measure. The ARERA 
accepted the claims submitted by ACEA ATO 2 and ACEA ATO 5 for the 
derogation of the obligation to open a provincial branch in resolutions 324 and 
374. 
Regulation second Year: 2017 – ARERA Water Services Activities 
a) Resolution 665/2017/R/IDR "Approval of the integrated text on water fees (TICSI) 
laying down the criteria for the tariff structure applied to users" 
The measure, adopted after a structured consultation process, defines the principles and 
guidelines for reorganizing the fees in the interests of streamlining the types (and sub-
types) of use – whether domestic or non-domestic – as well as of the homogenization 
of the tariff structures currently in force. In particular, for the domestic type it foresees 
a simplification and containment of the sub-types (domestic resident, apartment 
building use, non-resident domestic use and any two further sub-types of uses). For 
domestic resident uses, the tariff structure provides for each aqueduct, sewerage and 
purification service, a variable amount proportional to consumption and – limited to the 
aqueduct service – modulated by bands (preferential, basic and from one to three excess 
bands) and a fixed amount, not correlated to consumption. For the variable aqueduct

--- Page 201 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 198 - 
47-41037952 
 
amount, the application of a minimum preferential consumption band is envisaged 
(determined with reference to the minimum vital quantity set by the Italian Prime 
Minister’s Decree of 13 October 2016 at 50 litres/inhabitant/day) and configured based 
on a per capita criterion. The variable amount of the aqueduct service, moreover, is 
defined according to the actual number of components, if this information is already 
available to the EGA; otherwise according to a standard per capita criterion (domestic 
resident user type equal to 3 components), until the completion of the information set 
necessary, to be implemented by 2021 at the latest. For non-domestic uses, there is the 
obligation (from 2018) of equating the types of non- domestic use to the six envisaged 
by the authorities (industrial use; artisan and commercial use; agricultural and livestock 
farming use; public use that cannot be cut off; public use that can be cut off; other uses). 
For this type the overcoming of the minimum committed and a binomial tariff structure 
(fixed rate and variable rate) is also envisaged. As regards the tariff rates application 
for the year 2018, the Authority establishes that the operator, at least in the last billing 
cycle of 2018, must issue bills based on the new approved tariff structure. 
For the collection and purification tariff of industrial wastewater, the application of a 
trinomial structure based on a fixed amount is envisaged (entirely attributed to the 
sewerage service), "capacity" amount (entirely attributed to sewerage) and variable 
amount (proportional to volumes discharged and quality of wastewater) and compliance 
with the expected constraint on revenues (maximum flexibility of +10%) and the 
condition of sustainability per individual industrial user (increase in expenditure no 
higher than 10%). 
The new rules for reorganizing the final user rates, including the application of the 
trinomial structure of the tariff for the collection and purification of industrial waste, 
apply as of 1 January 2018, postponing until 2020 (in coordination with the unbundling 
rules) the application of a uniform criteria for allocating the cost of treatment between 
industrial and domestic users, and however, imposing starting from 1 January 2022, the 
mandatory application of the per capita criterion based on the actual size of the 
components for the variable amount of the aqueduct service for domestic resident users. 
b) Resolutions 917/2017/R/IDR – Adjustment of the technical quality of the 
Integrated Water Service or of each of the individual services that it comprises 
(RQTI) 
With this measure, the Authority has defined the rules on the technical quality of the 
SII with an approach that takes into account the specific conditions of the various 
contexts in order to identify the correct and effective stimuli to promote benefits for 
users of various services. The new model, defined as a result of and in continuity with 
the extensive consultation carried out (DCO 562/2017/R/IDR and DCO 
748/2017/R/IDR) is based on a system of indicators comprising: 
• prerequisites: that represent the conditions required for admission to the 
incentive mechanism associated with the general standards; 
• specific standards: that identify the performance parameters to be ensured in the 
services provided to the individual user and failure to comply with them leads 
to the automatic application of compensation;

--- Page 202 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 199 - 
47-41037952 
 
• general standards: divided into macro-indicators and simple indicators that 
describe the technical conditions for the provision of the service to which an 
incentive-based mechanism is associated. 
Each macro-indicator is associated with a classification table which allows the relevant 
class to be identified and the consequent annual objectives that the operator is required 
to achieve, articulated into maintenance objectives of the highest class and the 
improvement objectives for the other classes with differentiated values based on the 
starting conditions encountered. 
A system of incentives is applied, structured into awards and penalties to be allocated 
from the year 2020, according to the performance of operators recorded in each of the 
two previous years and with three assessment stages (basic, advanced and excellent). 
The allocation takes place in a symmetrical way for awards and penalties, in accordance 
with an approach that takes account of the initial situation and performance changes. 
For the advanced and excellent levels, a multiple criteria analysis is applied that uses 
the TOPSIS (Technique for Order Of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution) 
methodology. 
The hedging of costs related to compliance with the specific standards and the 
achievement of the objectives set out in the Technical Quality takes place as determined 
by the tariff method (MTI-2), as supplemented by resolution 918/2017/R/IDR. In 
particular, expenditure for investment concerning measures adopted and included in the 
interventions programme (IP), is financed in the framework of updating the relevant 
economic and financial plan (EFP) or, in the case of the conditions are met, in 
application of the provisions laid down with regard to the extraordinary review. The 
relevant government authority may, however, formulate a specific request to hedge any 
additional operating costs. 
The resolution provides for the application of the system of indicators based on the 
technical quality –as well as the start of their monitoring – starting on 1 January 2018 
(based on the value assumed by the macro-indicators in the year 2016, while from 1 
January 2019 it will be based on the value in the previous year, where available), and 
from 1 January 2019 the application of the rules concerning the recording and archiving 
of data obligations provided by the same measure. 
The incentive-based mechanism (awards/penalty) is planned to enter into force for the 
sole macro-indicator M2 from 2020, without prejudice to the monitoring obligation. 
The definition of the timescales and procedures for reporting the data monitored and 
the technical manual have been postponed until subsequent measures. 
c) Budget Law 2018 (Law 205 of 27 December 2017) 
As regards the Integrated Water Service, Law 205 of 27 December 2017 approved the 
so-called amendment on "maxibollette" (maximum bills), reducing the period of 
limitation of the right to remuneration water service supply contracts in relations 
between customers (domestic, professionals and micro-enterprises) and the seller to two 
years. These rules apply with reference to bills that fall due after 1 January 2020.

--- Page 203 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 200 - 
47-41037952 
 
Other resolutions of 2017 in the water regulation 
a) Resolution 897/2017/R/IDR: "Approval of the integrated text of the application 
modalities of the social water bonus for the supply of water to economically 
disadvantaged domestic users" (TIBSI):  
With the TIBSI the Authority establishes the social water bonus confirming most of the 
orientations expressed during the consultation process (DCO 470/2017 and 747/2017).  
• Beneficiaries: users who are entitled to the electricity and / or gas bonuses due to 
economic hardship (domestic residents who belong to a family with an equivalent 
economic situation indicator (Indicatore di Situazione Economica Equivalente, “ISEE”) 
not exceeding 8,107.50 euros or 20,000 euros with at least 4 dependent children); 
• Supplementary bonus: the EGA can introduce or confirm a "local bonus". In this case, 
the EGA will remain free to recognize to the final user an additional amount of 
facilitation compared to that provided for by the sector regulation and / or to extend the 
ISEE threshold envisaged for admission to the bonus. 
• Value: the "social bonus" is calculated on the basis of family size (per capita) by 
applying the preferential tariff to the minimum vital water quantity. 
• Admission: the bonus request will be presented to the municipality of residence 
together with the bonus energy. The management of the applications will take place 
through a computer system through which the municipality will carry out the checks 
for admission, while the manager will only have to check the contract. 
• Disbursement: in the bill through the application of a compensatory tariff component 
for direct users determined with the pro quota day criterion (the integrative bonus can 
also be recognized as a one-off), through recognition of a one-time contribution for 
indirect users. 
• Transparency: in the summary of the bill the amount of the social water bonus paid 
(and the amount of additional water bonus if present) paid must be indicated as a 
deduction of the fees for the variable portion of the water supply service. 
• Social Bonus coverage: UI3 tariff component (0.5 cents / € m3) applied to all users of 
the SII other than those directed under conditions of economic and social hardship, as 
an increase to the amount of the aqueduct. The coverage of the bonus related to the 
bonus is made by means of an “OPsocial” cost component operating on a local basis to 
which the share of FoNI already allocated for tariff subsidies will be allocated.  
• Bonus validity: twelve months, renewable. 
In 2018, the procedures for applying the social water bonus have been defined (resolution n. 
227/2018/R/IDR) for domestic users living in conditions of economic hardship. The provision, 
in particular, regulates the information flows, the exchange of data and the operating methods 
for the payment of the social water bonus as well as the information and communication 
obligations placed on the subjects involved in the mechanism to allow, starting from 1 July 
2018, the granting of the concession to users who request it. 
In 2019, in accordance with article 5, paragraph 7 of Italian Law Decree 4/2019 containing 
urgent provisions on universal basic income and pensions, ARERA supplemented/amended the 
regulations on bonuses for regulated services in compliance with the new regulatory framework.

--- Page 204 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 201 - 
47-41037952 
 
In particular, in the TIBSI the references to “Retail Card” and “ReI Card” were removed, while 
it was established that beneficiaries of universal basic income and pensions could apply for 
bonuses from 20 May 2019. As a result, conforming changes were made to the 
application/renewal forms (Determination 1/2019 – DACU). Moreover, following certain 
issues that emerged during the initial implementation phase, the detailed procedures for the 
validation of social water bonus requests and the procedures for the recognition of the one-off 
quota were further developed (Determination 4/2019 – DACU).  
With Report 280/2019/I/COM, ARERA submitted to the Parliament and the Government some 
considerations regarding social bonuses for the supply of electricity, natural gas and water, 
proposing a procedure to guarantee their automatic use to all potential beneficiaries. In fact, 
the data showed that despite the efforts made to disseminate knowledge of these programmes, 
their use is not particularly widespread among those entitled to use them. ARERA also called 
for the extension of the social water bonus to the recipients of universal basic income and its 
reconfiguration, in order to include the expenses related to sewerage and purification services. 
With Resolution 499/2019/R/COM and in accordance with the provisions issued by the decree 
of the MED of 29 December 2016, ARERA updated the value of the ISEE threshold for 
qualifying for social bonuses from € 8,107.50 to € 8,265. The update will be effective from 1 
January 2020. Subsequent updates will take place every three years. ARERA estimated that 
with this adjustment the social water, electricity and gas bonus will be extended to 200,000 
new families. 
With Resolution 63/2021/R/COM, ARERA regulated the automatic recognition of social 
bonuses due to economic hardship. In particular, the application procedures for the new system 
were defined, replacing the previous regulations, and more specifically, the related information 
flows. ARERA estimated that the automatic recognition of the bonus to family units 
experiencing economic hardship will make it possible to provide benefits to over 2.6 million 
eligible families, surpassing the on-request bonus mechanism, which had limited the 
application of the benefit in the past to only one third of potential beneficiaries. 
b) Resolution 900/2017/R/IDR: "Extension of the availment of the Single Buyer to 
the water sector, implementing the resolution of the Authority 622/2017/E/IDR" 
The measure complements the regulatory framework for the extension of the protection system 
expanding Single Buyer’s (as defined below) recourse activities also to the water sector (with 
charges incurred by the "Account for the promotion of the quality of the aqueduct, sewerage 
and purification services" fed by the component UI2) and changing the name of the "Energy 
consumer help-desk" to the "Energy and Environment consumer help-desk" (Resolution 
920/2017/R/IDR). 
Regulation Year 2018 – ARERA Water Services Activities 
Resolution 9/2018 - DACU Changes to the regulation of the operators - managers portal 
and to the user manual as per the resolution of 5 January 2017, 1/DCCA/2017  
With Resolution 55/2018/E/IDR, ARERA defines the transitional regulations in force from 1 
July 2018 until 30 June 2019 for the extension of the consumer protection system to the water 
sector and for the out-of-court settlement of disputes already active in the electricity and gas 
sectors. Approved after two consultations in the months of September and December 2017, the 
provision contains two attachments:

--- Page 205 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 202 - 
47-41037952 
 
• Annex A "Transitory regulations concerning voluntary out-of-court settlement 
procedures for disputes between water users and operators";  
• Annex B "Regulations concerning the activities carried out by the desk with reference 
to the processing of second-level complaints of water users".  
With regard to the transitional regulations:  
• Mediation Scope: from 1 July 2018, attempts to mediate disputes between users and 
their managers will be voluntary and possible - also through the ARERA mediation 
service - and for issues related to the aspects regulated by ARERA itself and for all 
other issues of interest to the user of the integrated water service, with the exclusion of 
those not falling within the scope of application of the Integrated Text of Mediation 
(TICO) and those relating to water quality;  
• Duration of the transitional period: the transitional period, defined in the document 
itself as the "period from the activation for the water sector of the ARERA mediation 
service managed by the Single Buyer (as defined below), as of 30 June 2019", was 
envisaged to start on 1 July 2018 and to end on 30 June 2019. An assessment of the 
implementation status of the transitional provision was envisaged in order to evaluate 
further gradual mechanisms, after discussion with the stakeholders; 
• Exemptions from the implementation of the regulation: if the manager proves that it 
cannot comply with the obligation to take part in the mediation procedure in the times 
provided, the EGA responsible, in agreement with the manager and the regionally 
registered local consumer associations, has the right to submit to ARERA a request for 
a justified exemption limited to this obligation and for a maximum period of one year, 
in any case with a deadline of 31 December 2019. The application is considered 
admissible if it is submitted by 30 September 2018 and if it is based on the existence of 
ongoing aggregation processes involving the manager submitting the application. 
ARERA has the power to check the requests received and grant or deny the requested 
exemption. 
With Resolution 56/2018 ARERA launched a fact-finding investigation concerning complaints 
and reports sent to ARERA by integrated water service users, consumer associations and local 
public bodies. The procedure, which was completed on 31 December 2018, concerns in 
particular the most recurrent critical issues communicated to ARERA regarding:  
• interruptions to the supply of the service due to causes or methods that do not comply 
with current legislation and/or user contracts;  
• delays in the execution of works/connections associated with transfer and/or take-over 
procedures;  
• failure to comply with the frequency and transparency of billing;  
• responses to complaints, notifications and requests for information from users (missed 
responses, inaccurate/generic responses also sent using standard forms, inadequate 
assistance from call centre operators). 
Lastly, again with regard to consumer protection, we point out DCO 199/2018/R/com 
"Guidelines for sectoral efficiency and harmonisation of the regulation regarding out-of-court 
dispute resolution procedures between customers or end users and operators or managers in the

--- Page 206 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 203 - 
47-41037952 
 
sectors regulated by the authority for energy networks and the environment (TICO)" with 
which ARERA expresses its orientation on the topic (by offering 14 different ideas) and 
represents some clarifications that apply to the regulation. The effectiveness of the 
interventions subject to consultation will start from 1 January 2019, with the exception of the 
provisions for the water sector which are proposed to be effective from 1 July 2018 (coinciding 
with the entry into force of the transitional period pursuant to Resolution 55/18). Despite the 
several changes introduced by the consultation document, no new deliberation is still followed 
yet. 
Resolution 242/2019/A “ARERA 2019-2021 strategic framework” 
The strategic framework adopted by the Authority for the three-year period 2019-2021 takes 
into account the results of the consultation, including the information that emerged from the 
hearings of 8-9 May 2019. The document’s inspiring principles include a more central role for 
the consumer, the use of innovation in technology and processes, a particular attention to 
uniform development in the different areas of the country, to which principles of asymmetric 
regulation will be applied in order to make the level of public services more uniform.  
With specific reference to the integrated water service, the main changes in the strategic 
objectives (“SOs”) are the following:  
• SO 2 (“Consumer Awareness and Transparency for a better evaluation of the service”): 
periodic publication of performance indicators for each operator with the aim of monitoring 
and improving the available information and users’ willingness to pay, also with benefits 
in terms of reduction of payment arrears;  
• SO 4 (“Supporting innovation through experimentation and research”): extension to the 
IWS of the objective of developing innovative projects to strengthen metering and 
assessing its economic and environmental impacts;  
• SO 7 (“Expansion and updating of uniform rules on the national territory for the 
management of relations between operators and users in the water sector”): in-depth study 
of plant transformation aimed at installing consumption metering devices for each 
individual building unit;  
• SO 10 (“Effective planning and implementation of investments for a quality water service”): 
with reference to technical quality, rather than envisaging the extension of the initial set of 
indicators ARERA intends to “complete – also based on the results achieved in the first 
application phase – the set of indicators introduced”;  
• SO 11 (“Cost-efficient cost recognition in the integrated water service”): introduction of 
the reference to ARERA’s action to promote, among other things, the implementation of 
projects aiming at the recovery of energy and matter from sewerage sludge. 
ARREARS 
Resolution 311/2019/R/IDR “Regulation of arrears in the Integrated Water Service” 
With the enactment of the final measure, including the attached REMSI (Regulation of arrears 
in the integrated water service), the directives for the management of arrears in the integrated 
water service in the national territory were adopted, thus concluding – after broad consultation 
(DCO 603/2017/R/IDR, 80/2018/R/IDR and 158/2019/R/IDR) – the process started in 
November 2016 with the opening of the procedure (Resolution 638/2016/R/IDR).

--- Page 207 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 204 - 
47-41037952 
 
Specifically, Resolution no. 311/2019/R/IDR, which is expected to be applied from 1 January 
2020:  
• defines the end users that cannot be disconnected, identified as the beneficiaries of the 
social water bonus and the users for “Public use that cannot be disconnected” referred to in 
Resolution 665/2017/R/IDR (TICSI);  
• regulates the formal notice procedure, requiring the operator to send an amicable payment 
reminder prior to the formal notice; defining the timing of the process, including the final 
payment deadline;  
• regulates the procedures for restriction, suspension and deactivation and supply, defining 
their conditions, methods and timing.  
In particular, for resident domestic users, a phase of restriction of the supply with guarantee of 
the minimum vital quantity (50 litres/inhabitant/day) is foreseen before suspension. For this 
type of user, deactivation cannot be carried out except in the event of tampering with seals/flow 
limiters and failure to comply with the obligations for the recovery of past arrears in the 
previous 24 months; (i) lays down specific rules for condominium accounts, providing that no 
restriction/suspension/deactivation may be made against partial payments, provided that they 
are made in a single instalment within the deadline specified in the formal notice and equal to 
at least half of the amount due. If the condominium does not pay the balance within 6 months 
of the partial payment, the operator may restrict, suspend or deactivate the supply; (ii) sets out 
the situations in which the operator is required to ensure the payment in instalments of the 
amount in arrears and the arrangements for such payment; (iii) finally, it provides for automatic 
compensation in the event of non-compliance with the requirements. 
Regulation Year 2020 – ARERA Water Services Activities 
Resolution 186/2020/R/Idr "Additions and amendments to the resolution of the authority 
547/2019, in implementation of the provision referred to in article 1, paragraph 295, of 
Law no. 160, on the billing of amounts referring to consumption dating back more than 
two years". 
ARERA adjusts the regulation on the prescription to the legislative amendment introduced by 
Italian Law no. 160/2019 (the “2020 Budget Law”). The two-year prescription assumes as a 
prerequisite the mere lapse of time, regardless of user responsibility profiles or not. The 
provision makes a series of changes and additions to the current regulations in terms of 
communications, complaints, invoicing documents. 
Resolution 221/2020/R/ Idr "Amendments to the regulation of arrears in the integrated 
water service, in implementation of the provision referred to in Article 1, paragraph 291, 
of Law no. 160".  
The provision introduces changes to the regulation in place on the subject of arrears (del. 
311/19 - REMSI) in compliance with the 2020 Budget Law. There are therefore methods 
(registered letter with notice of receipt) and times (notice of not less than 40 days) with which 
to communicate to the user the start of the procedures for limiting, suspending or deactivating 
the supply in case of non-regularization of the payment of the amounts due. 
Resolution 235/2020/R/Idr "Adoption of urgent measures in the integrated water service, 
in light of the covid-19 emergency".

--- Page 208 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 205 - 
47-41037952 
 
ARERA adopted a set of urgent measures - however ensuring the stability of the framework of 
rules developed over the years - in order to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 emergency 
on the economic and financial equilibrium of the integrated water service management and on 
the conditions of performance of the services by introducing some elements of flexibility, 
postponement of timing and introduction of exceptions , ensuring the continuity of essential 
services as well as creating the conditions for the relaunch of investment spending. 
Regulation Year 2021 – ARERA Water Services Activities 
Resolution 63/2021/R/ com "Methods of application of the system of automatic 
recognition of the social bonuses for electricity, gas and water for economic hardship”.  
With this resolution AREA defines, pursuant to the law decree of 26 October 2019, n. 124, 
converted with amendments by law 19 December 2019, n. 157, the application methods of the 
system for the automatic recognition of the electricity, gas and water social bonuses for 
economic hardship, replacing regulatory provisions of the previous "on demand" system. 
Resolution 609/2021/R/idr - Extension of the Integrated Water Service regulations 
(TIMSII) 
On 21 December 2021, ARERA approved the Resolution 609/2021/R/idr, in force since 1 
January 2022, which includes amendments to (i) TIMSII (Resolution 218/2016/R/IDR), (ii) 
the technical quality regulation (Resolution 917/2017/R/IDR), and (iii) the provisions on the 
transparency of invoicing documents (Resolution 586/2012/R/IDR). 
As regards (TIMSII), the new resolution established the equivalence of the validated meter-
reading by the user to the meter-reading carried out by the operator’s personnel (with the option 
of communicating the user meter-reading at the operator's branches and the obligation to 
declare non-validation in the bill if the usual methods of communication with the user are not 
available). 
As regards metering procedures, Resolution 609/2021/R/idr introduced two new specific 
metering procedures standards (minimum number of attempts to take the meter reading and  
minimum notice time for attempts to take the meter reading from end users with a non-
accessible or partially accessible meter), which will take effect from 1 January 2023;  
A further relevant aspect is the introduction of specific protections for the user regarding hidden 
losses, with defined minimum levels of protection: (i) access for consumption of at least twice 
the average daily consumption; (ii) time frame for re-access to protection to be no more than 
three years from the date of issue of the abnormal consumption invoice; (iii) protection also for 
subsequent invoices for at least three months; (iv) exemption from sewerage and treatment 
tariffs for the volume above the reference average daily consumption; (v) for the water pipeline 
service, a tariff of no more than half of the basic tariff applied to the volume beyond the 
reference average daily consumption, with the deductible on billable volumes capped at 30%. 
These protections must also be explained when the contract is signed and must be described on 
the operator's website, with the dedicated link on the bill, by 30 June 2022. 
Additional information to be shown on the operator's website, with a link in the bill and with 
the same deadline, is provided for by EU Directive 2184/2020, regarding water intended for 
human consumption; also obligatory is the data for the average annual consumption of end 
users in the managed territory, broken down by user type.

--- Page 209 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 206 - 
47-41037952 
 
Resolution 610/2021/R/idr – “Additions and amendments to the authority resolution 
547/2019 / r / idr regarding the billing of amounts referred to consumptions dated more 
than two years”. 
For consumption dating back more than two years, operators must attach a notice to the bill 
informing the user of the presence of such amounts, indicating how to object to the prescription. 
If the operator considers that there are reasons for suspension of the prescription, he must 
adequately communicate the reasons and indicate to the user the possibility of sending a written 
complaint. The resolution specifies that the provisions of articles 2935 and 2941, n. 8, of the 
Italian civil code, however, also apply to cases of two-year prescription, giving the operator 
the possibility of pleading any causes hindering the prescription itself. Whether or not such 
circumstances exist, the civil judge is competent to decide. 
Regulation Year 2022 – ARERA Water Services Activities 
Resolution 2/2022/A “ARERA 2022-2025 strategic framework” 
The strategic framework adopted by ARERA for the period 2022-2025 (the “Strategic 
Framework”) establishes the objectives that will guide the development of regulation over the 
next four years in the electricity, gas, water, waste and remote heat sectors. 
In order to direct its strategic regulation towards social, economic and environmental 
sustainability objectives and increase its accountability towards stakeholders, ARERA 
associates the objectives of the Strategic Framework with one or more objectives for the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals for the 2030 agenda. 
The structure and contents of the Strategic Framework - divided into themes transversal to all 
sectors and in-depth analyzes on individual sectors - are divided into two levels: strategic 
objectives and lines of action. The objectives frame the overall strategy based on the current 
and medium-term scenario, with reference both to the areas transversal to all sectors (centrality 
of the consumer, system innovation, simplification, transparency and enforcement of the 
regulatory framework), and to the specific areas of environment and energy areas and 
compliant with national and international legislation. The lines of action briefly describe the 
main measures and actions that the Authority intends to carry out to achieve each strategic 
objective. 
With specific reference to the integrated water service, the main changes in the strategic 
objectives (SOs) are the following: 
• SO.13 Promote the improvement of the quality and efficiency of water infrastructures: 
orient the investment choices of the competent subjects, towards innovative solutions with 
a lower environmental impact, as well as greater resilience to extreme events, connected to 
the climate change in progress; 
• SO.16 Recognize the efficient costs for the sustainability of the management of the water 
service and user tariffs: declining (in an output based logic) the methods of valorising the 
resources destined to achieve each quality standard associated with the services provided, 
based on ex-post data; 
• SO.18 Promote quality levels and homogeneous protections for all consumers of water 
services: guarantee the effective application of the "Water conservation" principle and 
ensure the effective application of the provisions to all final consumers (including 
aggregate users) introduced by the regulation.

--- Page 210 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 207 - 
47-41037952 
 
• SO.20 Promote tools to support the reorganization of the environmental sector structures: 
identify and implement further measures aimed at strengthening the aggregation processes 
of operators and supporting the reorganization of the governance of the water sector 
Resolution 106/2022/R/idr - Simplified rules for the recognition and payment of the 2021 
water bonus 
ARERA provided for some technical-administrative simplifications for the first disbursement 
of the automatic water bonus relating to the past year 2021. Starting from June 2022 (and in 
any case after the ARERA checks on privacy for each operator), a single communication will 
be sent to operators containing the information relating to all the beneficiaries for the relevant 
year 2021. At the same time, the data for the quantification of the 2022 bonus will be sent, 
which will follow the ordinary procedure established with Resolution 63/2021/R/Com. 
ARERA reserves the right to evaluate the procedures for take into account any additional 
charges deriving from the application of the provision. 
Resolution 183/2022/R/Idr “Application of the incentive mechanism for the regulation of 
the technical quality for the years 2018-2019.” 
ARERA approved the first ranking of water service operators regarding the technical quality 
performance achieved in the two-year period 2018-2019. ARERA attributed prizes and 
penalties to operators for the results achieved and consolidated in the two years. The 
performance of the operators was assessed on the basis of 5 of the 6 macro indicators of 
technical quality: water wasters, quality of water supplied, adequate capacity of the sewage 
system, quality of purified water and disposal of sludge. For the first two years, the issue of 
interruptions was excluded from the incentive mechanism. 
ARERA assessed the results achieved by 203 managers, who serve a total of 84% of the 
national population by assigning a bonus to those who have achieved, maintained and improved 
the set objectives and a penalty to others. The rankings include several categories and the 
request for two years of evaluation. For the "advanced" and "excellence" levels, the prizes were 
paid on the basis of the size of the operator, while for the "basic" level they were calculated by 
dividing the bonus among all the operators who achieved the set objectives. The 66 most 
important positions, or the first three classifications for each indicator and for each year, are 
occupied by a total of 26 manager. The operators of the Acea Group received a total of Euro 
33 million in prizes in the two-year period (16.2 in 2018 and 16.8 in 2019) compared to Euro 
790.00 of penalty (387,000 in 2018 and 403,000 in 2019). 
NATIONAL PLAN OF PROJECTS IN THE WATER SECTOR 
Aqueducts Section 
With Resolution 51/2019/R/IDR “Initiation of the proceeding concerning the necessary and 
urgent interventions for the water sector for the definition of the “Aqueducts” section of the 
National Plan, referred to in article 1, paragraph 516 of Italian Law 205/2017”, ARERA renews 
and integrates the procedure set out in Resolution no. 25/2018/R/IDR on the necessary and 
urgent measures for the water sector for the purposes of defining the “aqueducts” section of 
the national plan for interventions in the water section to be adopted by the Italian Government 
(referred to in Italian Law no. 205/17) (the “National Plan”), providing that it take due account 
of the recent provisions introduced by Italian Law no. 145/18 (Italian Budget Law 2019). 
In particular, ARERA considers it necessary to:

--- Page 211 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 208 - 
47-41037952 
 
• without prejudice to the investigative activities already carried out, define the most suitable 
methods for identifying synergies between the interventions to be included in the various 
parts of the National Plan, in particular continuing the coordination between the 
administrations involved to adopt consistent selection criteria based on the guarantees 
regarding the effectiveness and speed of execution of the interventions to be financed 
(Italian Law 145/18);  
• conduct further assessments in light of the renewed and strengthened focus that laws have 
placed on containing water loss (paragraph 153, art. 1 of Italian Law 145/18);  
• integrate the activities aimed at defining the “aqueducts” section of the National Plan with 
sensitivity analyses regarding tariffs in light of the completion of operations for the planned 
financing instruments;  
• taking into account the characteristics of the potential beneficiaries of public resources, 
assess the most suitable measures to ensure the management capacity of the operator to 
whom the management of the works financed by the National Plan will be entrusted, as a 
prerequisite for an effective use of the resources granted.  
With the Resolution 252/2019/I/IDR, “First list of the necessary and urgent interventions for 
the water sector for the definition of the ‘aqueducts’ section of the National Plan, referred to in 
article 1, paragraph 516 of Italian Law 205/2017”, ARERA aim the purposes of defining a first 
excerpt of the aqueducts” section of the National Plan referred to Italian Law 205/2017, as 
subsequently supplemented by the provisions of Italian Law 145/2018. ARERA provided an 
initial cluster of projects that updated and integrated the list presented in Reports 
268/2018/I/IDR and 538/2018/I/IDR. These projects were identified by the competent 
territorial entities as necessary and urgent for the achievement of the priority objectives of 
achieving adequate levels of technical quality, recovery and expansion of the water tightness 
and transport of water resources, dissemination of tools aimed at saving water in agricultural, 
industrial and civil uses. The list contains 26 projects for a total of € 80 million over the two-
year period 2019-2020. Projects not selected for this first cluster, other projects that will emerge 
as priorities, as well as the continuation of the activities of the selected projects may be 
evaluated both for the inclusion in subsequent clusters of the “aqueducts” section of the 
National Plan and for the use of the water works guarantee fund referred to in article 58 of 
Italian Law no. 221 of 28 December 2015. Resolution 425/2019/R/IDR “Regulation of the 
procedures for the disbursement of resources for the completion of the projects contained in 
Annex 1 to the Decree of the President of the Council of Ministers of 1 August 2019, 
concerning the ‘adoption of the first excerpt of the national plan of projects in the water sector 
– aqueducts section’, adopted pursuant to article 1, paragraph 516 of Italian Law 205/2017”. 
With the measure ARERA regulates the conditions, terms and methods of disbursement of the 
resources allocated for the completion of the projects referred to in the first excerpt of the 
National Plan for projects in the water sector – aqueducts section. The resolution provides for 
the establishment at CSEA of the Account for the financing of the projects of the National Plan, 
aqueducts section, with the aim of supporting the planning and completion of the projects. The 
subsequent CSEA Circular 37/2019/IDR provides the reference body and the implementing 
entity with the operating instructions and the related forms for the disbursement of the advance 
payment for the projects.  
Resolution 512/2019/R/IDR “Start of the disbursement of resources for the completion of the 
projects referred to in Annex 1 of Italian Prime Ministerial Decree dated 1 August 2019 
concerning “Adoption of the first excerpt of the National Plan of projects in the water sector – 
aqueducts section”. The resolution authorises CSEA to pay the first instalment of financing

--- Page 212 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 209 - 
47-41037952 
 
(advance payment of 40% of the total) for the construction of the works listed in the measure 
itself (23 out of the 26 works included in the first part of the plan). For the remaining works in 
the Plan excerpt, the authorisation for the payment of the first instalment is postponed to the 
verification of the complete fulfilment of the obligations envisaged.  
Resolution 58/2021/R/IDR “simplification of the procedures for the provision of resources, 
pursuant to Resolution ARERA 425/2019/R/Idr, for the implementation of the interventions in 
the first passage of the national water sector interventions plan – water pipelines section”. The 
resolution introduces measures to simplify the procedures regulated under Resolution 
425/2019/R/IDR, in order to ensure the timely provision of the resources required for the design 
and implementation of the relevant projects.  
In 2021, several resolutions were also approved (294/2021/R/idr, 582/2021/R/idr, 
583/2021/R/idr, 584/2021/R/idr) whereby ARERA authorises CSEA to disburse funding 
instalments (for an additional amount of more than € 5 million) for the implementation of the 
projects referred to in the first excerpt of the National Plan.  
Reservoir Section 
Opinion 160/2019/I/IDR “Opinion to the Minister of Infrastructure and Transport on the 
proposed decree of the President of the Council of Ministers for the adoption of the first section 
of the National Plan of interventions in the water sector, relating to the ‘reservoirs’ section, 
referred to in article 1, paragraph 516, of Italian Law 205/2017”. 
With this measure, pursuant to art. 1, paragraph 516 of Italian Law 205/17, ARERA offered a 
favourable opinion with comments on the proposal for a decree sent by the MIT, pointing out, 
however, that the proposal does not refer to the provision of Italian Law 205/17 for which the 
AGBs (and the other parties responsible for carrying out the measures), within 60 days of the 
date of entry into force of the decree itself, adjust their planning and programming in line with 
the measures envisaged in the National Plan, as well as the fact that the agreements (referred 
to in the proposed decree) do not include – for critical cases in the planning and management 
of the integrated water service – specific conditions aimed at balancing the need to quickly start 
financing the projects of the National Plan with that of ensuring their effective and sustainable 
implementation.  
Water works guarantee fund 
Resolution 353/2019/R/IDR “Initiation of proceedings to define the procedures for the supply 
and management of the Guarantee Fund for water works, referred to in article 58 of Italian Law 
221/2015, consistent with the criteria set out in the Italian Prime Ministerial Decree of 30 May 
2019”. ARERA started to define the procedures for the supply and management of the 
Guarantee Fund for water works, referred to in article 58 of Italian Law 221/15 in line with the 
criteria set out in the Italian Prime Ministerial Decree of 30 May 2019, envisaging in a first 
phase:  
• the identification of the needs related to the new project financing operations;  
• the quantification of the tariff equalisation component, to be established under MTI-3, 
intended to feed into the fund;  
• the definition of the general elements necessary to govern the way the fund is managed;

--- Page 213 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 210 - 
47-41037952 
 
• the setting up of the risk assessment committee at the CSEA, which is responsible for giving 
its opinion on the Fund’s operating procedures and on the proposals for projects to be 
covered by the guarantee. 
At a later stage, the procedures and terms for issuing guarantees, assessing individual 
applications and monitoring and verifying the development of the projects eligible for 
guarantees will have to be defined.  
DCO 368/2019/R/IDR “Definition of the arrangements for the supply and management of the 
Guarantee Fund for water works. General framework and first lines of action”. In the ARERA 
measure, in addition to illustrating the recognition of the needs connected to the new financing 
operations of the projects included in the categories listed in the Prime Ministerial Decree, it 
proposes uses and sources of financing of the Fund, defining the amount of the guarantees and 
the quantification of the tariff equalisation component aimed at financing it, foreseeing its 
establishment within the MTI-3. At first, the guarantees will be granted to cover needs 
requiring an effective increase in spending capacity compared to what had been planned. The 
amount of the guarantees given (of separate amounts depending on whether or not the 
beneficiary is subject to the regulation of ARERA) will depend on the rate of completion of 
the planned measures, the degree of capitalisation of the subject, the cost of recourse to debt, 
the operator’s local institutional structure and the strategic importance of the operation to be 
financed. ARERA foresees the calculation of a cost for the guarantee that the requesting 
operator will pay to CSEA and that, for regulated operators, will be included in the tariff. As 
already mentioned above, in order to pay into the Fund and cover its operating costs, Resolution 
580/19 (MTI-3) established an equalisation component equal to 0.4 cents/€ per cubic metre. 
The end of the measure includes a number of procedural elements relating to the subjective 
requirements of applicants for eligibility for the Fund’s guarantees, the financial transactions 
accepted as collateral, the cases of termination of the credit line for which payment of the 
recognised take-over value must be provided and the related settlement procedures and the 
procedures for applying for the guarantee. Finally, the measure includes a schematic 
representation of the Fund’s operation and the organisational relations between ARERA and 
CSEA. 
With the conversion into Law no. 156/2021 of the Ministry of Infrastructure Decree (Decree 
Law no. 121/2021), the adoption, by 30 June 2022, of the national plan for infrastructural 
interventions and safety in the water sector was arranged. This is one of the reforms envisaged 
by the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (“PNRR”) for the sector, a single document for 
reservoirs and aqueducts intended to replace the National Plan in the water sector, which will 
be implemented in sections and updated every three years. 
Treatment sludge 
Resolution 20/2019/R/IDR “Launch of a fact-finding study of the methods for managing and 
exploiting treatment sludge”. A fact-finding study was launched into the methods for 
recovering and disposing of sewage sludge, providing for specific in-depth actions aimed at 
encouraging the adoption of further measures to accompany the transition to a circular 
economy in the wastewater treatment sector. The purpose of the survey is to collect data and 
information on the technologies currently available for the containment/use of the total quantity 
of sludge and on its transport, recovery and disposal costs. In addition, further details are 
planned regarding the third parties involved in the management of the sludge until its final 
destination, as well as any extra-regional or international movements. The study will end on 
31 December 2019.

--- Page 214 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 211 - 
47-41037952 
 
Resolution no. 580/19 (MTI-3) introduced a new component aimed at recognising the higher 
cost of sludge disposal, with an exemption equal to 2% of the allowed cost. Memorandum 
179/2019/I/com “Hearing of the Regulation Authority for Energy Networks and the 
Environment on the draft law “Delegation of powers to the government for the transposition 
of European directives and the implementation of other acts of the European Union – European 
delegation law 2018 (AS 944)”. During the hearing held on 7 May 2019 before the 14th 
Commission (EU Policies) that examined the Draft European Delegation Law 2018 (for the 
delegation to the government of the transposition of 24 European directives and other EU acts), 
ARERA reiterated its willingness to be involved in matters that fall within its area of 
responsibility. In particular, ARERA wishes to be informed both of the planned reform of the 
system of criteria for the acceptance of waste in landfills and the new organic rules on the use 
of sludge, which will amend the provisions of Italian Legislative Decree no. 99 of 27 January 
1992 (use of purification sludge in agriculture). For both regulations, this is the implementation 
of Directive 2018/850, which is part of the so-called Package of measures on the circular 
economy. In this regard, ARERA agrees with the indications provided by the draft law, 
specifying:  
• that it recently launched a fact-finding exercise on the subject with Resolution 
20/2019/R/IDR, with a view to promoting the dissemination of innovative technologies 
and the transition to a circular economy in the wastewater treatment sector;  
• with the introduction of technical quality regulations (Resolution 917/72017/R/IDR), to 
have introduced a specific indicator (M5 - Disposal of sludge in landfills) aimed at 
minimising the environmental impact deriving from the conveyance of wastewater. Based 
on these elements, ARERA suggests considering its involvement, both in the review of the 
system of criteria for the acceptance of waste at landfills and in the review of the rules set 
out in Italian Legislative Decree 99/1992. 
Waste business 
The Ronchi Decree and the Environmental Code 
The first comprehensive reform concerning the waste sector was carried out through 
Legislative Decree No. 22 of 5 February 1997 (the "Ronchi Decree") which pursued the 
objective of overcoming fragmented management, separating planning from operations, and 
reforming the system of remuneration of the service by applying a rate suitable to cover 
investment and operating costs. The regulatory frame has been recently changed after the 
approval of the Environmental Code, which has repealed the Ronchi Decree, by introducing 
important amendments aimed at promoting the development of competitive tendering of waste 
management service. 
In particular, the regulation contained in the Environmental Code is based on the following key 
principles: 
• wastes are classified according to their origin as "urban waste", "special waste", 
"hazardous waste" and "non-hazardous waste"; 
• segregated waste collection, establishing collection targets in defined timeframes: 35 
per cent. by 31 December 2006, 45 per cent. by 31 December 2008 and 65 per cent. by 
31 December 2012; 
• each Region shall be divided into ATO’s and a Waste District Authority shall be 
established for each ATO ("Autorità di Ambito Territoriale Ottimale" or "AATOs"),

--- Page 215 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 212 - 
47-41037952 
 
which is responsible for organising, awarding and supervising the integrated urban 
waste management services (collection, transport, recycling and disposal of urban 
waste); 
• the AATO shall draft a district plan, in accordance with the criteria set out by the 
relevant Region; 
• the Municipalities’ responsibilities relating to integrated waste management shall be 
transferred to the AATOs; 
• a phasing-out of landfills as a disposal system for waste materials; and 
• the order of priority of the procedures through which waste can be managed shall be 
the following: (i) preparation for re-use; (ii) recycling; (iii) recovery, including energy 
generation; and (iv) disposal. 
The Integrated Waste Operator 
The Ronchi Decree provided that the phases of collection and transport of urban solid waste be 
managed in a unitary and centralised way by the Municipalities belonging to the ATO, in 
accordance with one of the modalities provided for by the general laws and regulations 
regarding local public services. Conversely, recycling and disposal operations were subject to 
a regulated access regime, permitting possible forms of competition on the market. 
The Environmental Code has partly modified the above-described regulatory framework, by 
providing that the award of the management of waste integrated cycle service is made in favour 
of a sole operator for each ATO by a competitive procedure to be organised by the AATOs 
pursuant to Art. 23-bis of Decree No. 112/2008, as recently amended by Art. 15 of Law Decree 
No. 135 of 25 September 2009 (converted in Law No. 166 of 20 November 2009) which sets 
forth the new legal regime in relation to the awarding of the local public services. For an 
analysis of such regime, please see below, under Regulations applicable to the supply of local 
public services: Water, Waste and Public Lightning Services. 
Under the Environmental Code, companies producing waste are responsible and shall be 
charged for waste storage, transportation, recycling and disposal. Legislative Decree No. 205 
of 3 December 2010, amending the Environmental Code rules concerning the paper-based 
waste management system, introduced the new electronic waste monitoring system (the 
"SISTRI"), which according to article 1 of Law Decree No. 96 of 20 March 2013, became 
operative by 1 October 2013. Also, with respect to waste management, from August 2011, 
according to the rules set forth by Legislative Decree No. 121/2011, some crimes concerning 
waste disposal have been introduced within Decree 231. 
Waste Tariff Mechanism 
The Ronchi Decree replaced the urban solid waste disposal tax (so-called Tassa per lo 
smaltimento dei rifiuti solidi urbani) with a tariff regime, aimed at fully covering costs, which 
was based on a "price cap" method and giving responsibility to the municipalities for 
determining the tariff on the basis of a reference value established according to the so-called 
"normalised method" provided for under Presidential Decree No. 158 of 27 April 1999 
("Decree No. 158/1999"). 
The Environmental Code has assigned to each AATO the task of determining the tariff to be 
paid to the service operators: such tariff shall be commensurate with the ordinary average 
quantity and quality of waste produced by square meter in relation to the use and types of

--- Page 216 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 213 - 
47-41037952 
 
activities carried out, on the basis of general parameters determined by an ad hoc regulation of 
the Ministry for the Protection of the Environment and Territory. 
By 31 December 2009, the Ministry is required to adopt a regulation identifying the cost 
components for determining the tariff. Should the Ministry not adopt such regulation, on the 
basis of the provisions of Decree No. 158/1999, the previous regulations apply. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, this regulation has not yet been adopted and there is currently no clarity 
as to the timing for its adoption. 
In July 2009, by Decision No. 38/2009, the Italian Constitutional Court declared that the waste 
tariff pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 22 of 15 February 1997, also known as 
“TIA1” (tariffa d’igiene ambientale) was by way of tax and therefore not subject to VAT. 
Following this decision, the Italian government approved Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
providing, under Article 14, paragraph 33 that "the provisions of Article 238 of Legislative 
Decree No. 152 of 3 April 2006 shall be interpreted in the sense of the non-taxation nature of 
the tariff provided therein". The disputes relating to this tariff which ensue after the effective 
date of this Decree fall under the jurisdiction of the ordinary judicial authority. Therefore, 
currently the “TIA” (tariffa d’igiene ambientale) is subject to VAT, while an intervention by 
the legislator is awaited for the possible issue of refunds for the period in which TIA1 applied, 
together with the consequent reorganisation of the entire issue and the relative regulatory 
regime. 
Article 14 of Law Decree No. 201/2011 has introduced, applicable from 1 January 2013, a new 
municipal waste tax, to be paid to each relevant municipality (the so-called "RES"). According 
to Article 1 of Law Decree No. 1/2013, the applicability of the new tax was postponed to July 
2013. For 2014 the tax will be paid in four instalments: January, April, July and October. 
According to Article 14, paragraph 29, of the Law Decree No. 201/2011, the Municipalities 
which have put in place measures for determining the specific quantity of waste conferred to 
the concessionaire of the urban waste management service, may enact regulations providing 
for the application of a tariff instead of the RES, to be paid directly to the concessionaire. The 
determination of such tariff will be provided by the above mentioned Decree. 
Regulations applicable to the supply of local public services: Water, Waste and Public 
Lightning Services 
The integrated water service, the integrated waste management service and the public lightning 
service are economic local public services. 
Legislation regulating local public services of economic importance was affected by the 
outcome of the law-repealing referendum held on 12 and 13 June 2011. 
Subsequently, Article 4 of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 August 2011, converted into law by Law 
No. 148 of 14 September 2011, as amended and supplemented by Law No. 183 of 12 November 
2011 (Decree 138/2011), re-introduced provisions analogous to those previously contained in 
the law provisions repealed by the aforementioned referendum. In particular, paragraph 32 of 
Article 4 provided for a transitory period regarding local public services awards: 
(f) 
public services awarded by a local public authority, without any public tender, to "in 
house" companies9 or, in any case, local public services assigned by the authority 
 
9 
i.e. local public services granted to (i) companies controlled 100 per cent. by the public entity and (ii) 
providing their main activity in favour of the same, having an overall amount higher than Euro 200,000.00

--- Page 217 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 214 - 
47-41037952 
 
without any public tender to companies which do not meet the "in house" requirements 
as well as local public services not included among the cases provided by the 
paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) below should have terminated on 31 March 201210; 
(g) 
local public services awarded to public-private companies, where the private partner 
has been selected through tenders which did not have as their object (i) the award of the 
position as shareholder and, at the same time, (ii) the award to the private shareholder 
of operational tasks connected to the management of same service, should have expired 
on 30 June 201211; 
(h) 
local public services awarded to companies whose share capital is owned both by public 
and private partners, where the private partner was selected through competitive 
procedures, for the purposes, at the same time, of selecting the private partner and of 
assigning operational tasks to the private partner regarding the management of the 
service, shall expire at the expiry date provided by the relevant contract; and 
(i) 
local public services which, as of 1 October 2003, had been awarded directly to 
companies in which public entities have a shareholding and listed in official stock 
exchanges as of the same date, as well as to their subsidiaries pursuant to Article 2359 
of the Italian Civil Code, should have expired at the date provided by the relevant 
contract, upon the condition that the shares held by public entities (soci pubblici) in 
such companies as of 13 August 2011 or governed by a shareholders’ agreement 
(partecipazione sindacata) should have been reduced to a holding not exceeding 40 per 
cent. by 30 June 2013 and not exceeding 30 per cent. by 31 December 2015. Otherwise, 
the relevant awards should have terminated respectively on 30 June 2013 or 31 
December 2015, with no need of a formal decision by the awarding authority. 
By decision No. 199/2012, the Italian Constitutional Court declared the constitutional 
illegitimacy of Article 4 of Decree No. 138/2011. The Court ruled that Article 4 was in breach 
of Article 75 of the Italian Constitution because it had re-introduced provisions analogous to 
those provided under the previous legal and regulatory framework, which had been previously 
repealed by the referendum. 
Following the repeal of Article 4 by decision No. 199/2012, on 20 October 2012, Law Decree. 
No. 179/2012 entered into force (the so-called "Growth Decree 2") which, however, does not 
apply to (i) gas; (ii) electricity and (iii) municipal pharmacies. Article 34 of this decree, with 
regards to local public services, provides that: 
• 
public entities, before granting the concessions, shall publish on their websites a report 
clarifying the type of the award of the concession they have chosen (i.e. public bidding 
procedure for selecting a private company, public bidding procedure for selecting the 
private partner of a public-private company, direct award to wholly-owned public 
companies) and the relevant reasons underlying the choice; 
 
or, in any case, local public services assigned by the authority without any tender to companies which do not 
meet the "in house" requirements under (i) and (ii) above as well as local public services not included among 
the cases provided for by paragraphs (b), (c) and (d). 
10 
Term subsequently extended to 31 December 2012. 
11 
Term subsequently extended to 31 March 2013.

--- Page 218 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 215 - 
47-41037952 
 
• 
with reference to the concessions existing as of the date of entering into force of the decree 
(i.e. 20 October 2012) the aforementioned report has to be published by 31 December 2013; 
• 
with reference to those concessions which do not provide for an expiry date, the competent 
awarding authority shall integrate the concession agreement with an expiry date; should 
the awarding authority fail in providing an expiry date, the relevant concession shall cease 
at 31 December 2013; and 
• 
concessions granted to companies whose shares were listed on a stock exchange prior to 1 
October 2003 (and to their subsidiaries) will terminate according to the terms originally 
indicated in the concession agreement or in the other relevant acts; if no specific expiry 
date is provided, the concession shall expire not later than 31 December 2020, and no 
formal resolution from the awarding authority will be required in this respect. 
As to the procedures for the assignment of local public services, Article 34 of Decree No. 
179/2012 does not contain any specific provisions, except for the general principle according 
to which the local public service must be assigned on a homogeneous territorial basis (ambiti 
territoriali ottimali e omogenei). Therefore, considering that: 
(iii) 
Article 23-bis of Law Decree no. 112 of 25 June 2008, (converted with amendments 
into Law no. 133 of 6 August 2008) has been repealed by the above-mentioned 
referendum; and 
(iv) 
Article 113 of Decree 267/2000, for the part abrogated by Article 23-bis12, cannot be 
revived, according to the above-mentioned Constitutional Court decision No. 24/2011, 
for the time being public entities shall apply the principles and regulations provided for by the 
EU Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and, in general terms, by EU Law and 
relevant case law. In this respect, the relevant authority shall alternatively award the new 
concession: 
(6) 
to private companies, selected by means of a public bidding procedure; 
(7) 
directly to public-private companies, should the private partner be selected through a 
tender having as its object (i) the award of the position as shareholder and, at the same 
time, (ii) the award to the private shareholder of operational tasks connected to the 
management of the service; and 
(8) 
directly to companies wholly-owned by public entities if the sole purpose of such 
companies is to supply services to those public entities and if the awarding authority may 
exert over the concessionaire public company the same control that the authority exerts 
over its offices and departments (so called "in-house" companies). 
Since the beginning of 2018, ARERA, in order to comply with Law No. 205 of 27 December 
2017 ("State Budget for the financial year 2018 and multi-year budget for the three-year period 
2018-2020"), which attributes to the Authority regulatory and control functions in the sector of 
 
12 
Please note that art. 23-bis had abrogated almost all of the relevant provisions of article 113 of Decree 
267/2000. The only relevant provisions of 113 not expressly abrogated by article 23-bis provide for (i) the 
management of the public services plants and grid which (if separated from the management), has to be 
awarded by a public tender (ii) the relationship between public entities and the concessionaire of the public 
services, which has to be regulated by a service contract.

--- Page 219 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 216 - 
47-41037952 
 
urban and similar waste (articles 527-530), has started proceedings for the identification and 
adoption of regulatory measures both on quality and tariffs.  
The law of December 27, 2017, n. 205, attributed to the Authority functions of regulation and 
control of the cycle of waste, also differentiated, urban and similar, to be exercised "with the 
same powers and within the principles, purposes and attributions, also of a sanctioning nature, 
established by the law November 14, 1995, No. 481" and already exercised in other areas of 
competence: 
Resolution 226/2018/R/RIF – Start of proceedings for the adoption of measures to regulate 
the quality of service in the waste cycle, including differentiated, urban and similar  
The Authority starts a procedure for regulating the quality of the service in the waste cycle, 
including differentiated, urban and similar, and for the collection of functional data and 
information. 
Resolution 716/2018/R/RIF – Start of proceedings for the establishment of a system for 
monitoring tariffs for the integrated waste management service, including differentiated, 
urban and similar and individual services that are management activities for the years 2018 
and 2019  
The Authority starts a procedure for the establishment of a tariff monitoring system for the 
years 2018 and 2019 regarding the waste cycle, introducing information obligations for service 
operators and registry requirements. 
Resolution 443/2019/R/RIF - Waste Tariff Method (MTR) 
Following the consultation document 351/2019, on 31 October 2019 ARERA approved 
resolution 443/2019/R/rif providing the first tariff method for the integrated waste management 
service 2018-2021 (“MTR”) which became the mandatory framework for the TARI fees 
delivered by the Territorially Competent Bodies (ETC) starting from 2020. 
The main feature of MTR is to turn the previous “forecast” approach defined by the Presidential 
Decree no. 158/1999 (“Ronchi Decree”) – based on the expenditures’ prediction for the 
activities related to the hygiene services – into a “ex post” methodology which considers the 
most recent final data (year a-2) referable to official accounting sources. The MTR is aimed to 
guarantee a transparent and unambiguous accounting methodology for the sector. 
More in detail, the new method uses a hybrid approach - similar to the ones applied in other 
sectoral regulations - with a different treatment of investment and operating costs, namely: 
- capital costs rewarded according to a regulation scheme of rate of return; and 
- operating costs with the application of incentive regulation schemes and with the 
definition of efficiency objectives on a multi-year basis. 
Within the MTR, the fees for treatment and recovery and treatment and disposal activities were 
temporary applied as follows: a) the tariff approved and / or justified by the competent 
territorial body in presence of administrated tariffs; and b) in all other cases, the price charged 
by the plant determined following negotiation procedures. Due to the need to address deeper 
analysis on the technical and governance framework, ARERA postponed the tariff 
methodology on treatment to the second regulatory period starting in 2022. 
In summary, ARERA maintained the tariff structure of the “normalised” method established 
by DPR 158/1999 with some modification as follows: capping methodology applied on the

--- Page 220 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 217 - 
47-41037952 
 
overall annual growth of tariff revenues; asymmetric setting (four different regulatory options 
available for local authorities in relation to service improvement objectives); sharing factor 
applied to the revenues coming from the sale of separate collected materials; an adjustment 
component both in relation to variable and fixed costs; introduction of two different rates of 
return on net invested capital (WACC) for fixed assets and for ongoing investments. With 
regard to the WACC of the integrated waste cycle for the 2020-2021 period, it is defined as 
6.3%; to this value is added a 1% increase to cover the costs deriving from the regulatory time 
lag between the year of recognition of the investments (a-2) and the year of tariff recognition 
(a). 
Resolution 444/2019/R/rif – first discipline on transparency and quality of waste services 
Simultaneously to the MTR, the resolution 444/2019/R/rif defines the transparency provisions 
of the municipal and similar waste management service for the regulatory period 1 April 2020 
– 31 December 2023, as part of the procedure started with resolution 226/2018/R/RIF. The 
scope of the intervention includes the minimum information elements to be made available 
through websites, the minimum information elements to be included in the collection 
documents (payment notice or invoice) and individual communications to users relating to 
significant changes in management. 
In 2021, the consultation document 72/2021/R/rif proposed an enhancement of the discipline 
of quality, both on contractual and (partially) technical side. The new measures should be 
applied since the new regulatory period starting from 2022 but do not include the quality 
regulation related to the treatment plants. 
Resolution 138/2021/R/rif - Start of proceeding for the new Waste Tariff Method (MTR-2) 
including the tariffs for the treatment services 
The resolution 138/2021/R/rif started the proceeding of updating the MTR for the new 
regulatory period 2022-2025. The main change is due to integration of treatment services 
within the methodology established by the resolution 443/2019. 
On the other hand, ARERA is committed to implement several changes to MTR in order to 
address a more efficient and comprehensive process for the tariff approvals. The MTR-2 should 
include a detailed framework to taking into account the quality regulation for the hygiene 
services. 
The proceeding is expected to be concluded by 31 July 2021. 
Determina 31 March 2021 - 1/2021 – DRIF – Data collection on treatment plants 
In order to define the regulatory framework for treatment services, ARERA held a data 
collection for plants operating in the municipal solid waste chain and namely intermediate 
treatment, landfills, incinerators and waste-to-energy. 
The data collection included technical and economic information referred to the year 2019, 
detailed for each plant of the abovementioned typology according to the regulatory criteria on 
classification of operating and investment costs. 
DCO 196/2021/R/RIF – Proposals for the new Waste Tariff Method (MTR-2) and tariffs for 
treatment services 
The article 1, paragraph 527, letter g), of law no. 205/17 empowered ARERA to define the 
criteria for the tariff regulation of treatment, recovery and disposal services. Following its

--- Page 221 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 218 - 
47-41037952 
 
mandate, ARERA published a first consultation document (DCO 196/2021) with the initial 
proposals, while a second public consultation is expected with regard to the economic features 
of the methodology. 
At this stage, ARERA did not present a detailed proposal of the tariff method for the plants, 
but identifies a regulatory matrix in order to implement his asymmetric approach: where the 
asset is not integrated in the whole cycle management (i.e. the owner is different from the 
collection operator) it should be considered “minimal” or “additional” on the basis of specific 
features as the presence of an administrative allocation of the waste flows to the plant or the 
competitive pressure in the area. According to this analysis, “minimal” treatment plants should 
be submitted to full economic regulation, whereas for “additional” ones ARERA propose a 
“light” regulation including only provisions ensuring transparency and non-discrimination 
guarantees.  
At the same time, DCO 196/2021 enhances the MTR processes, by overcoming the critical 
element of his first application. It proposes a pluriannual financial planning for the deployment 
of the different services and a more balanced bargaining procedure for the tariff approval 
between the Local Administration and the company. 
Resolution 363/2021/R/RIF – approval of the new Waster Taiff Method (MTR-2) and tariffs 
for treatment services 
With Resolution 363/2021/R/RIF, ARERA approved the criteria for determining cost reflective 
tariffs for treatment, recovery and disposal services for municipal waste applicable to the years 
2022-2025.  
In this context, the Waste Tariff Method for the second regulatory period “MTR-2” sets the 
treatment plant access tariffs according to the area (regional) planning: under their legislative 
jurisdiction, Regions should identify the plants essential to guarantee the “minimum” capacity 
in the area (otherwise the plant is considered as “additional” and the regulation is limited to 
disclosure rules). The eligible “minimum” plants could be landfills, organic waste and 
intermediate treatments, or incinerators/waste-to-energy sites, while in this first stage the 
material recovery activities from separated collection are considered external to the regulatory 
perimeter, as the EPR (i.e. Extended Producer Responsibility) systems already in place cover 
their value chain and pursue the targets issued by the Circular Economy Package. 
The plants’ economic and financial plan is provided for the period 2022-2025 in accordance 
with the recommendations of the MTR-2 and it is submitted to the regional authority, which 
send it to the ARERA for the final approval. 
Based on the previous methodology (MTR) with respect to the calculation of the operating and 
investment costs (with a rate of return scheme), MTR-2 has adopted a “revenue cap” model for 
determining the gate prices for the above mentioned “minimum plants”: the ratio between the 
regulatory allowed costs (based on the official accounts for the year Y-2) and the revenues of 
waste treatment activities in 2021 (frozen for the whole regulatory period) is applied to the 
existing gate prices as an adjustment factor. Indeed a cap on the tariff increase is adopted, 
depending on inflation and plant technology/innovation rate. 
On the other side, an incentive mechanism for circular economy has been introduced in order 
to promote the economic sustainability of the treatment tariffs in the circular economy 
framework and specifically the EU “waste hierarchy”. In line with the EU targets on recycling 
and reduction of landfill’s disposal, the equalization mechanism of reward and penalisation 
aims to tackle the environmental externalities of the treatment services: the material and energy

--- Page 222 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 219 - 
47-41037952 
 
recovery is supported through an “on-top” contribution from the landfill disposal. The 
mechanism hits on the access fee to the plant, not on his own remuneration. 
Indeed, with the Resolution 68/2022/R/rif, ARERA has established the WACC for the waste 
plants not integrated with the collection services. According to the methodology applied in the 
energy sector (TIWACC), the rate for the remuneration of the net investments is equal to 6% 
for the regulatory period 2022-2025. 
By April 2022, Umbria and Lazio Regional Plans for waste management (“Piano Regionale 
Gestione Rifiuti” – PRGR) were updated to meet ARERA’s criteria. The result is that the plants 
of Le Crete-Orvieto, San Vittore del Lazio and Aprilia were identified as “minimum” plants 
and consequently submitted to regulatory criteria since 2022. The condition of “minimum” is 
valid at least for two years, with the possibility of a renewal under regional scrutiny. 
Energy business 
EU Energy Regulation: The Third Energy Package 
The European Union is active in energy regulation by means of its legislative powers, as well 
as investigations and other actions carried out by the European Commission. In 2009, the 
European institutions adopted several directives and regulations aimed at completing the 
liberalisation of both electricity and gas markets (the "Third Energy Package"). In particular, 
the Third Energy Package contemplates the separation of supply and production activities from 
transmission network operations. To achieve this goal, Member States of the European Union 
may choose between the following three options: 
• 
full ownership unbundling. This option entails vertically integrated undertakings selling 
their gas and electricity grids to an independent operator, which will carry out all network 
operations; 
• 
Independent System Operator ("ISO"). Under this option, vertically integrated 
undertakings maintain the ownership of the gas and electricity grids, but they are obliged 
to designate an independent operator for the management of all network operations; and 
• 
Independent Transmission Operator ("ITO"). This option is a variant of the ISO option 
under which vertically integrated undertakings do not have to designate an ISO, but need 
to abide by strict rules ensuring separation between supply and transmission. 
The Third Energy Package also contains several measures aimed at enhancing consumers’ 
rights, such as the right: (i) to change supplier within three weeks and free of charge; (ii) to 
obtain compensation if quality targets are not met; (iii) to receive information on supply terms 
through bills and company websites; and (iv) to see complaints dealt with in an efficient and 
independent manner. The third energy package also strengthens protection for small businesses 
and residential clients, while rules are introduced to ensure that liberalisation does not cause 
detriment to vulnerable energy consumers. 
Finally, the Third Energy Package provides for the creation of a European Union agency for 
the coordination of national energy regulators, which will issue non-binding framework 
guidelines for the national agencies. It is expected that this will result in more harmonised rules 
on energy regulation across the European Union. 
As envisaged in the Third Energy Package, in March 2011 the Agency for the Cooperation of 
Energy Regulators ("ACER") began operations. ACER replaces and strengthens the European

--- Page 223 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 220 - 
47-41037952 
 
Regulators Group for Electricity and Gas ("ERGEG"). ACER coordinates the actions of the 
national regulatory authorities in the energy sector and its main responsibilities are: 
• 
establishing and regulating the rules governing European electricity and gas networks; 
• 
establishing and regulating the terms and conditions for access to (and operational security 
for) cross-border infrastructures where national authorities are in disagreement; and 
• 
implementing the Ten-Year Network Development Plan ("TYNDP"). 
In Italy, the principles provided under the Third Energy Package (in particular, EU Directives 
2009/72/EC, 2009/73/EC and 2008/92/EC), have been recently implemented by means of 
Legislative Decree No. 93 of 1 June 2011, published in the Official Gazette on 28 June 2011 
(Legislative Decree 93/2011). 
The main provisions of Legislative Decree 93/2011 include: 
(i) 
unbundling of the Transmission System Operator (TSO). In the electricity sector, the 
unbundling between grid ownership and generation activity has been confirmed and the 
TSO is expressly prohibited from operating power generation plants. For the gas sector, 
an Independent Transmission Operator model has been adopted, with a vertically 
integrated ownership structure, more stringent functional separation rules and wider 
control and approval powers assigned to the ARERA; 
(v) 
integration of renewable energy sources generation into the electrical system more 
efficiently; and 
(vi) 
exemption from the third party access ("TPA") obligation in respect of new 
interconnection infrastructure. 
With reference to the electricity sector, the duration of the exemption from the TPA obligation 
(for a maximum of 50 per cent. or 80 per cent. of new capacity) will be set on a case-by-case 
basis and the exemption will elapse if the relevant works are not started or the relevant 
infrastructure has not entered into operation within the time limits set out in the relevant 
exemption measure. With reference to the gas sector, in addition to the time limit provided by 
the relevant exemption measure, the new rules provide for a 25 year cap for the duration of the 
exemption and for the activation of an open season procedure in order to assess the interest of 
third parties in the relevant infrastructure notwithstanding the TPA exemption. 
Italian Energy Regulation 
The Ministry for Economic Development ("MED") and the ARERA share the responsibility 
for overall supervision and regulation of the Italian electricity sector. In particular, the MED 
establishes the strategic guidelines for the electricity sector, while the ARERA regulates 
specific and technical matters. The ARERA, inter alia: 
• 
sets electricity and gas distribution tariffs, as well as the price for previously regulated (or 
"captive") customers, which have not yet chosen a different supplier; 
• 
formulates observations and recommendations to the Government and Parliament 
regarding the market structure and the adoption and implementation of European 
Directives and licenses or authorisations; 
• 
establishes guidelines for the production and distribution of services, as well as specific 
and overall service standards and automatic refund mechanisms for users and consumers

--- Page 224 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 221 - 
47-41037952 
 
in cases where standards are not met and for the accounting and administrative unbundling 
of the various activities under which the electricity and gas sectors are organised; 
• 
protects the interests of customers, monitoring the conditions under which the services are 
provided, with powers to demand documentation and data, to carry out inspections, to 
obtain access to plants and to apply sanctions, and determines those cases in which 
operators should be required to provide refunds to users and consumers; 
• 
handles out-of-court settlements and arbitrations of disputes between users or consumers 
and service providers; and 
• 
reports to the Italian Antitrust Authority (the "AGCM") any suspected infringements of 
Law No. 287 of 10 October 1990 by companies operating in the electricity and gas sectors. 
Furthermore, according to Legislative Decree 93/2011, the ARERA establishes rules aimed at: 
• 
achieving the best quality level in the electricity and natural gas sectors; 
• 
protecting vulnerable customers;  
• 
removing obstacles that could prevent the access of new operators to the electricity and 
gas market. 
In addition to regulation by the ARERA, the AGCM also plays an active role in the energy 
market in ensuring competition between suppliers and protecting the rights of clients to choose 
their suppliers. 
Italian Electricity regulation 
The regulatory framework for the Italian electricity sector has changed significantly in recent 
years due to the implementation of the previous European energy directives, including, in 
particular, Directive 2003/54/EC and Directive 2001/77/EC. 
On 1 April 1999, Legislative Decree No. 79 dated 16 March 1999 (the "Bersani Decree") 
implementing Directive 96/92/EC, became effective in Italy. It began the transformation of the 
electricity sector from a highly monopolistic industry to one in which energy prices charged by 
generators will eventually be determined by competitive bidding and provided for a gradual 
liberalisation of the electricity market so that customers whose annual consumption of 
electricity exceeds specified amounts ("Eligible Customers") will be able to contract freely 
with power generation companies, wholesalers or distributors to buy electricity. 
The Bersani Decree established a general regulatory framework for the Italian electricity 
market that gradually introduces competition in power generation and sales to Eligible 
Customers while maintaining a regulated monopoly structure for transmission, distribution and 
sales to Non-Eligible Customers. In particular, the Bersani Decree and the subsequent 
implementing regulations: 
• 
as of 1 April 1999, liberalised the activities of generation, import, export, purchase and 
sale of electricity; 
• 
as of 1 January 2003, provided that no company shall be allowed to generate or import, 
directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the total electricity generated in and 
imported into Italy, in order to increase competition in the power generation market;

--- Page 225 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 222 - 
47-41037952 
 
• 
provided for the establishment of the Acquirente Unico (the "Single Buyer"), the company 
who shall stipulate and operate supply contracts in order to guarantee franchise clients the 
availability of the necessary generating capacity and the supply of electricity in conditions 
of continuity, security and efficiency of service, as well as parity of treatment, including 
tariff treatment; 
• 
provided for the creation of the "power exchange" (the “Power Exchange”), a virtual 
marketplace in which producers, importers, wholesalers, distributors, the operator of the 
national transmission grid, the Single Buyer and other participants in the free market, buy 
and sell electricity at prices determined through a competitive bidding process; 
• 
provided for the creation of the Market Operator; and 
• 
provided that the activities of transmission and dispatching are reserved exclusively to the 
State and attributed under concession to the operator of the national transmission grid, 
while the activity of distribution of electricity is performed under a concession regime 
under the authority of the Ministry of Productive Activities. 
In addition, Law No. 290 of 27 October 2003 required the reunification of ownership and 
management of the transmission grid. Law No. 239 of 23 August 2004 (the "Marzano Law") 
reorganised certain aspects of the electricity market regulatory framework, including the 
limitation of the "captive market" to households pursuant to Directive 2003/54/EC concerning 
common rules for the internal market in electricity and repealing Directive 96/92/EC. 
Law Decree No. 73/2007, as enacted into law through Law No. 125/2007, adopted urgent 
measures to place into effect EU market liberalisation requirements, including the following: 
• 
a requirement for separating corporate functions into distribution, on the one hand, and 
electric energy sales, on the other; 
• 
powers are assigned to the ARERA to adopt measures for the functional separation 
(pursuant to EU Directives 2003/54/EC and 2003/55/EC) of the administration of electric 
and gas infrastructure from non-related operations for the purpose of ensuring 
infrastructural administration that is both independent and transparent; and 
• 
as of 1 July 2007, domestic end users have the right to withdraw from their pre-existing 
electricity supply contracts according to the procedures established by the ARERA which 
allow them to select a different electricity provider. If the end user does not select a 
provider, domestic end users not supplied with energy on the open market are guaranteed 
supply by the distributor or the distributor’s affiliate. The responsibility for supplying such 
clients remains with the Single Buyer, a company formed pursuant to Article 4 of the 
Bersani Decree. 
For those end users that decide not to purchase electricity on the open market, the regulations 
provide as follows: (i) households and small businesses that have fewer than 50 employees, 
lower than Euro 10 million of turnover, and low levels of electricity consumption may access 
a regulated market ("servizio di maggior tutela") for which the ARERA establishes the 
electricity tariffs; and (ii) all businesses not included among those described in the preceding 
point (i) have access only to the "safeguarded market" which guarantees the supply of 
electricity but typically at higher than market rates, to incentivise to this category of business 
to access the open markets.

--- Page 226 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 223 - 
47-41037952 
 
ARERA 2020-2022 Strategic Plan 
With resolution 242/2019/A, ARERA confirmed the strategic guidelines set out in the 
consultation document 139/2019/A that will guide the current term of the Authority in the 
period 2019-2021 and outlines the strategic objectives and main lines of action.  
ARERA particularly focuses on: 1) the protection and awareness of the final customer, 2) the 
simplification of flows, 3) the orientation of developments and investments and 4) the 
innovation of the system to be achieved, including through experimental projects. 
Electric Generation 
Law Decree No. 34 of 31 March 2011 (the "Omnibus Decree") liberalised the regime for 
electricity generation. In order to increase the level of competition in the market, the Omnibus 
Decree provided that, as of 1 January 2003, no single electricity generation company shall be 
allowed to generate or import, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the total 
electricity generated in and imported into Italy. 
Hydroelectric Generation 
By way of Law Decree No. 83 of 22 June 2012 (the "Development Decree"), the Italian 
government issued certain regulations designed to facilitate the way in which tenders are 
carried out. More specifically, Article 37 of the Development Decree provides that five years 
prior to the expiration of a large water concession, the competent authority shall launch a public 
tender for the assignment, subject to the payment of consideration, of such large water 
concession, in accordance with local regulations and the fundamental principles of competition 
protection, freedom of establishment, transparency and non-discrimination. Such new 
concession shall be for a period of 20 years, up to a maximum of 30 years, depending on the 
required level of investment. 
In addition, in relation to large water concessions which either have already expired or are due 
to expire earlier than 31 December 2017 (in relation to which the afore mentioned five-year 
limit would not be applicable), the new provisions have established a special transitional 
regime, under which the relevant tenders must be called within two years of the effective date 
of the implementing ministerial decree (as per Article 12, paragraph 2 of Legislative Decree 
No. 79 of 16 March 1999), and the new concession will start at the end of the fifth year 
following the original expiry date and in any case no later than 31 December 2017. 
Article 37 of the Development Decree further establishes that the out-going concession holder 
has to transfer any new concession holder its relevant division. The consideration to be paid to 
the concession to the out-going concession holder shall consist of an amount previously agreed 
between the out-going concession holder and the relevant authority, to be expressly indicated 
in the tender notice. In order to compensate the out-going concession holder for any 
investments made on the plants, such amount has to be calculated taking into account (i) in 
respect of dams, penstocks, drains and pipes, the re-valued historical cost, reduced to take into 
account any public contribution received by the concession holder for the construction of such 
assets and the ordinary wear and tear, and (ii) in respect of any other assets of the plant, the 
market value, intended as the value of the new construction of the assets reduced to take into 
account ordinary wear and tear. If no agreement can be reached between the out-going 
concessionaire and the granting administration on the amount of the consideration, such 
amount shall be established by means of an arbitration procedure.

--- Page 227 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 224 - 
47-41037952 
 
Promotion of Renewable Resources 
In 1992, the Interministerial Price Committee, an Italian governmental committee, issued 
Regulation 6/1992 ("CIP-6"), which established incentives for new generation plants using 
renewable resources and for the sale of electricity produced from renewable resources. In 
November 2000, the MED issued a decree that transferred all energy produced from renewable 
resources under the CIP-6 regime to the Market Operator as of 1 January 2001. 
Under current regulations, an electricity services operator is required to purchase all CIP-6 
electricity generated by the CIP-6 producers in order to resell it to Eligible Customers and, 
since 2004, also to the Single Buyer. The Market Operator sells the so-called green certificates 
representing electricity from renewable resources purchased from CIP-6 producers ("Green 
Certificates"). 
The Bersani Decree provided that, starting in 2001, all companies producing or importing more 
than 100 GWh of electricity generated from conventional sources into the national transmission 
grid in any year must, in the following year, introduce into the national transmission grid an 
amount of electricity produced from newly qualified renewable resources (the "Renewable 
Obligation"), initially equal to at least 2 per cent. of the amount of such excess over 100 GWh, 
net of co-generation, self-consumption and exports (the "Green Certificates Quota" – that is, 
the amount of renewable energy such companies are required to produce). Electricity from 
renewable resources may be produced directly or purchased from other producers who have 
obtained tradable Green Certificates representing a fixed amount of electricity certified as 
generated from renewable resources. 
On 6 April 2009, the Council of the European Union adopted the final text of a directive setting 
a common EU framework in the field of the promotion of energy from the renewable resources. 
The main objective of the directive is the achievement of a 20 per cent. share of energy from 
renewable resources in the EU’s final consumption of energy by 2020. In light of this objective, 
for the first time, Member States are assigned mandatory individual targets for the share of 
renewable energy sources in final energy consumption. For Italy, this target has been set at 17 
per cent. in comparison to the 5.2 per cent. it had been assigned in 2005. Pursuant to EU 
Directive No. 2009/28/EC and to the statutory criteria of Law No. 96/2010, in March 2011, the 
Legislative Decree No. 28/2011 on the development of renewable sources was passed. The 
Decree defines tools, technicalities and the criteria the incentives regime must be based on in 
order to achieve the 2020 renewables objectives. The incentive regime for the production of 
energy from renewable sources is currently governed by two Ministerial Decrees dated 5 and 
6 July 2012 (the first fixes the feed-in tariffs for energy produced by photovoltaic plants and 
the second ruling governs incentives for energy produced by renewable sources other than solar 
power). 
Amendments to Regulations Governing Green Certificates 
In addition to (i) providing for an annual increase (0.75 per cent.) for the years 2007 to 2012 in 
the obligation to generate/import electricity from renewable resources as a percentage of the 
conventional electricity generated/imported in the preceding year and produced by 
conventional sources, (ii) establishing the incompatibility of the Green Certificate system with 
other incentives regimes and (iii) fixing the validity period of the Green Certificates in 15 years, 
Law No. 244/2007 (the so-called "Budget Law for 2008"), with reference to power plants 
coming in line after 31 December 2007, updated the rules on Green Certificates and 
reintroduced a support mechanism (recognition of a comprehensive rate) for electricity 
generation from renewable resources by certain small power plants.

--- Page 228 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 225 - 
47-41037952 
 
Legislative Decree No. 28/2011 subsequently revised the matter, decreasing the percentages of 
obligations (the "Green Certificates Quota" – that is, the amount of renewable energy such 
companies are required to produce) linearly until 2015, set as the expiry date of the Green 
Certificates system. 
The updated Green Certificate rules provided under the Budget Law for 2008 and Legislative 
Decree No. 28/2011: 
• 
differentiate recognised Green Certificates by source using co-efficients that are adjusted 
every three years; 
• 
calculate the price of Green Certificates issued by the Market Operator (pursuant to Article 
11(3) of the Bersani Decree) as the difference between Euro 180/MWh (value updated 
every three years) and the average annual price of electricity as established by the ARERA; 
and 
• 
provide that, until the relevant national target set by the European Union has been met, at 
the request of the generator, the Market Operator can withdraw any Green Certificates 
(expiring that year) in excess in respect of those needed to meet the relevant obligation. 
The above-mentioned MED Decree issued on 6 July 2012 pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 
28/2011 defines new rules to access the incentive system from January 2013, as well as the 
related transitional system. In particular, with the aim of supporting electricity production from 
renewable sources, the Ministerial Decree of 6 July 2012 defines new incentives applicable to 
the production of electricity from sources such as wind, water, geothermal, biomass, biogas 
and bioliquids. The Decree is applicable to plants which: are new, fully rebuilt, re-activated, 
have been subject to an enhancement in power or have been refurbished, have a power output 
of at least 1 kW and that start operating (i.e. are connected in parallel to the electric system) 
after 31 December 2012. 
Photovoltaic power plants 
Photovoltaic solar plants benefit from a feed-in premium tariff on top of the price of the 
electricity generated (the so called "Conto Energia"). The Conto Energia has been regulated 
in previous years by several ministerial decrees (so-called "First, Second, Third and Fourth 
Conto Energia"). Currently, the incentive regime applying to solar plants is provided for by 
ministerial decree dated 5 July 2012 (so-called "Fifth Conto Energia"). The feed-in tariffs set 
forth under the Fifth Conto have a comprehensive nature, including both the incentive 
component and the remuneration of the electricity produced. 
GSE is entitled to conduct inspections on the plants and to revoke the incentives in case of 
discrepancy between the documentation and design submitted to the GSE within the 
application for incentives and the works realised as well as in case of false statements rendered 
by the operator to the GSE in order to achieve the incentives. 
CO2 Emissions 
In the framework of the Kyoto Protocol, in 2003, the EU adopted Directive 2003/87/EC (the 
"Emissions Trading Directive") establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance 
trading. In October 2004, the EU also passed another directive, Directive 2004/101/EC (the 
"Linking Directive"), amending the Emissions Trading Directive to allow further flexible 
mechanisms for limiting greenhouse gas emissions. Both the Emissions Trading Directive and 
the Linking Directive have been implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 216/2006.

--- Page 229 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 226 - 
47-41037952 
 
Pursuant to the aforementioned European Directives, the power generation sector in Europe is 
required to participate in the European Union Emissions Trading System, a market-based 
system for reducing greenhouse gas emissions Operators are expected to reduce their emissions 
by 21 per cent. by 2020. On 1 January 2013, the third phase of implementation of the 
aforementioned Directives, to take place between 2013 and 2020, began. This phase envisages 
a series of major changes introduced by Directive 2009/29/EC and subsequent regulations in 
order to improve the efficiency, transparency and effectiveness of the system. 
The main change regards the method for allocating emissions allowances. The free allocation 
of allowances will gradually be replaced by an auction system. The power generation sector 
will be required to purchase 100 per cent. of its allowances through auctions as from January 
2020. During the final months of 2012, 120 million phase three allowances were sold through 
"early auctions". The allowances pertaining to Italy, Spain and Slovakia represent 9.4 per cent., 
8.4 per cent. and 1.5 per cent., respectively, of the total allowances available at the European 
level for phase three. The proceeds of the auctions are managed by the Member States, which 
must, however, use at least 50 per cent. of the revenues to finance projects involving low carbon 
technologies (CO2 capture and storage, renewable resources, etc.). Another major innovation 
is the monetization of the allowances in the NER 300 (a financing instrument managed jointly 
by the European Commission, European Investment Bank and Member States) reserve by the 
European Investment Bank, the proceeds of which will be used to finance pilot projects in the 
innovative renewable resources field and in CO2 capture and storage technologies. The 
allowances (300 million European Union Allowances ("EUA"), i.e. the quotas allocated by the 
national allocation Plans within the EU Emission Trading Scheme ("ETS")) will be sold on the 
OTC market, regulated exchanges and through auctions. The sale of the first 200 million 
allowances was completed in November 2012. The remaining 100 million will be monetized 
subsequently by the European Investment Bank. 
In response to the excess supply of allowances on the ETS market, the European Commission 
decided to postpone the sale of a portion of allowances to be auctioned to the end of the third 
phase in order to reduce short-term supply (the backloading option) and to set a structural 
reform of ETS in the long term. The European Parliament and Council were asked to amend 
the EU ETS Directive to formally enable the Commission to take such a step. On 10 December 
2013 the European Parliament approved the proposal to amend the EU ETS Directive in order 
to clarify the power of intervention of the European Commission and to allow the provisional 
retirement of 900 million quotas from CO2 allowances. The European Council expressed on 
16 December 2013 its approval adopting this amendment. Following this, the Committee for 
Climate Change approved on 8 January 2014 the backloading option for the provisional 
retirement of quotas for 2014-2016. The proposal is being examined by the European 
Parliament and Council. 
A reform of the criteria for the allowances within the 4th phase of ETS mechanism is currently 
under discussion in the EU Parliament. The main proposal is to extend the sectors eligible for 
the mechanism, including waste-to-energy plants, transports and buildings.  
Wholesale market 
The Power Exchange is a marketplace for the spot trading of electricity between producers and 
consumers under the management of the Market Operator. It began operations on 1 April 2004. 
Producers can sell their electricity on the Power Exchange market at the system marginal price 
defined by hourly auctions. Alternatively they can choose to enter into bilateral contracts and, 
in this case, the price is agreed with the other counterparty.

--- Page 230 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 227 - 
47-41037952 
 
One of the most important participants on the Power Exchange market is the Single Buyer, a 
company the sole quota holder of which is the Market Operator which is wholly-owned by the 
Italian State. The Single Buyer has the goal of ensuring continuous, secure, efficient and 
competitively-priced electricity supply to clients remaining in the "Universal Service" regime 
(consisting, since 1 July 2007, of residential clients and small business clients that have not 
chosen a supplier in the market), in order to enable them to reap the benefits of the electricity 
liberalisation process. The Single Buyer is the largest wholesaler in the market, purchasing 
about 30 per cent. of the total national demand. The Single Buyer purchases electricity on the 
Power Exchange market through bilateral contracts (including contracts for differences) with 
producers, and imports electricity. 
The total payments by the Single Buyer to electricity producers for its purchases, plus its own 
operating costs, must equal the total revenues it earns from energy sales to the retail companies 
operating within the regulated market under the regulated price structure. As a consequence, 
the ARERA adjusts reference prices from time to time to reflect the ones actually paid by the 
Single Buyer, as well as other factors. 
Other participants in the Power Exchange market are producers, integrated operators, 
wholesalers and some large electricity users. The ARERA and AGCM constantly monitor the 
Power Exchange to ensure that it reaches the expected goals: improving competition between 
electricity producers and enhancing the efficiency of the Italian electricity system. 
The electricity generated can be sold wholesale on the organized spot market ("IPEX"), 
managed by the Energy Markets Operator ("EMO"), and through organized and over-the-
counter platforms for trading forward contracts. The organized platforms include the Forward 
Electricity Market ("FEM"), managed by the EMO, in which forward electricity contracts with 
physical delivery are traded, and the Electricity Derivatives Market ("IDEX"), managed by 
Borsa Italiana, where special derivative instruments with electricity as the underlying asset are 
traded. 
Generators may also sell electricity to companies engaged in energy trading, to wholesalers 
that buy electricity for resale at a retail level, and to the Single Buyer, whose duty is to ensure 
the supply of energy to enhanced protection service customers. 
In addition, for the purpose of providing dispatching services, which is the efficient 
management of the flow of electricity on the grid to ensure that deliveries and withdrawals are 
balanced, electricity generated may be sold on a dedicated market, the Ancillary Services 
Market ("ASM"), where Terna S.p.A. ("Terna") procures the required resources from 
producers. The ARERA and the MED are responsible for regulating the electricity market. 
More specifically, with regard to dispatching services, the ARERA has adopted a number of 
measures regulating plants essential to the security of the electrical system. These plants are 
deemed essential based on their geographical location, their technical features and their 
importance to the solution of certain critical grid issues by Terna. In exchange for being 
required to have electricity available and providing binding offers, these plants receive special 
remuneration determined by the ARERA. Since the launch of the market in 2004, the 
regulations have provided for a form of administered compensation for generation capacity. In 
particular, plants that make their capacity available for certain periods of the year when demand 
is typically high receive a special fee. 
In August 2011, the ARERA published a resolution that establishes the criteria for introducing 
a market mechanism for compensating generation capacity that replaces the current 
administered reimbursement. This mechanism involves holding auctions through which Terna

--- Page 231 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 228 - 
47-41037952 
 
will purchase from generators the capacity required to ensure that the electricity system is 
adequately supplied in the coming years. The initial auctions will be held in 2013, with 
producers agreeing to make their capacity available starting from 2017. 
In order to cope with emergencies in the gas system, such as the one that occurred between 6 
February 2012 and 16 February 2012, Decree Law 83/2012, ratified by Law 134 of 7 August 
2012, required the identification, on an annual basis from the 2012-2013 gas year, of thermal 
generation plants that can contribute to the security of the system by using fuels other than gas. 
Such plants, which are different from those essential to the electrical system, are entitled to 
reimbursement of the costs incurred in ensuring availability in the period from January 1 to 
March 31 of each gas year on the basis of the procedures established by the ARERA. 
Distribution 
The Bersani Decree provides that distribution services shall be performed on the basis of 
concessions issued by the former Ministry of Industry (now the MED). The current distribution 
companies will continue to perform that service on the basis of concessions issued by the 
Ministry of Industry in 2001, expiring on 31 December 2030. 
The distribution companies are required to connect to their networks all parties who request 
connection, without compromising the continuity of the service and in compliance with the 
applicable technical regulations and provisions. 
Moreover, the ARERA set a strict regulation concerning functional unbundling in order to 
guarantee the independence between the separated activities. 
Efficiency in the end usage of energy 
The distribution companies of electricity are required by Decree Bersani to undertake energy 
efficiency measures for the final user that are in line with pre-defined quantity targets fixed by 
ministerial decree. The companies that achieve such energy saving targets are entitled to 
receive, from the regulator of the electricity market, the Energy Efficiency Certificates 
("TEE"), also called "White Certificates", (i.e. an incentive mechanism to save energy, into 
force starting from 1 January 2005) and to sell such certificates, by means of bilateral contracts 
or on a specific market instituted and regulated by GSE in agreement with the ARERA, to 
(other) companies who cannot meet their targets. 
The foregoing incentive mechanism was regulated by certain Decrees of 20 July 2004, 
subsequently amended and updated in 2007, which set national energy savings targets for the 
period 2005-2012. The targets must be achieved each year by distribution companies. 
To demonstrate that they have achieved their targets and avoid penalties, distributors must 
deliver a number of certificates at least equal to a specified percentage of their requirement to 
the ARERA by May 31 of each year. 
The ARERA covers part of the costs incurred to achieve the target through a rate subsidy that 
in 2012 was equal to Euro 86.98 per toe (Ton Oil Equivalent) for each certificate delivered. 
Through its Decree of 28 December 2012, the MED set new and rising energy savings targets 
for the 2013-2016 period. 
In addition, for the 2013-2014 period, only the minimum percentage achievement obligation 
has been reduced from 60 per cent. to 50 per cent. The Ministry established that the residual

--- Page 232 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 229 - 
47-41037952 
 
obligation can be covered over the subsequent two years (rather than in the following year, as 
provided for under the previous Decrees). 
The Decree also re-modulated the criteria that the ARERA must apply in determining the rate 
subsidy. 
Furthermore, through its decree of 28 December 2012, implementing Legislative Decree 
28/2011, the MED introduced specific incentives to promote the production of thermal energy 
from renewable resources, as well as small scale energy efficiency initiatives. 
The incentives, for which both government entities and private parties are eligible, are paid by 
the GSE in equal annual instalments for a maximum of five years. Eligible projects include 
improvements to the building envelope (government entities only) as well as the installation of 
heat pumps, thermal solar collectors and electric heat pump water heaters. Access to the 
incentives requires meeting certain minimum requirements, broken down by type of 
intervention. 
The decree also charges the ARERA with specifying rates for the use of electric heat pumps 
with a view to encouraging energy efficiency and the reduction of polluting emissions. 
After more than two years of waiting, finally, in April 2017, the new decree on the White 
Certificates came into force, implementing the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 28 of 3 
March 2011 and Decree Law No. 102 of 4 July 2014. According to the decree, the national 
objectives to be achieved in the period 2017-2020 through the mechanism of the White 
Certificates and the White CAR Certificates are the following: 
• 
7.14 million ton oil equivalent (“TOE”) of primary energy in 2017;  
• 
8.23 million TOE of primary energy in 2018; 
• 
9.71 million TOE of primary energy in 2019; 
• 
11.19 million TOE of primary energy in 2020. 
The goals for after 2020 will have to be defined by an interministerial decree to be issued by 
31 December 2019. The 2017-2020 objectives can be achieved through: 
• 
the interventions associated with the issue of White Certificates during the reference 
period; 
• 
energy savings from high efficiency cogeneration (CAR) associated with the issue of 
White Certificates during the reference period (excluding those withdrawn by the GSE); 
• 
efficiency measures carried out within the Ministerial Decree No. 106 of 20 May 2015, 
concerning the regulation for the tender criteria and for the evaluation of the offer for 
the assignment of the natural gas distribution service and associated with the issue of 
White Certificates during the reference period; 
• 
interventions already facilitated under the White Certificates mechanism which, even 
after the end of the useful life, continue to generate savings. 
These are the main new features introduced: 
• 
abolition of the analytical evaluation method: the decree provides only a new final 
method (called PC) and a new standardized method (called PS);

--- Page 233 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 230 - 
47-41037952 
 
• 
new definition of baseline and additionality concepts; 
• 
the minimum size of the projects is different: the standardized projects must have 
generated, during the first 12 months of the monitoring period, an additional savings 
share of no less than 5 TOEs. While the final projects must have generated, during the 
first 12 months of the monitoring period, an additional savings share of not less than 10 
TOE; 
• 
the delivery of the White Certificates is carried out on the basis of the actual reporting 
of the savings for a maximum of years equal to the useful life (U). Table 1 of Annex 3 
to the decree contains a non-exhaustive list of the types of eligible projects and the 
related useful life values, distinguished by the form of energy saved; 
• 
the type of Certificates returns to be of four types: Type I, II, III, and IV securities. The 
Type II-CAR, Type V, Type IN and Type E. 
ARERA has been called several times in the course of 2017 and 2018 to intervene, initially for 
the application of the new legislative provisions and, downstream of the important implications 
on the market in terms of price increase, with revisions of the regulation to help regaining the 
balance. 
a) Resolution 435/2017/R/Efr - Definition of the tariff contribution to cover costs 
incurred by the electricity and natural gas distributors subject to the obligations 
within the framework of the mechanism of energy efficiency certificates 
The resolution to revise the rules for determining the tariff contribution granted to electricity 
distributors satisfying the energy saving obligations in the framework of the TEE mechanism, 
for the years of obligation from 2017. In more detail: 
• the so-called relevant session reference price determined by the average price, weighted 
according to the amount of the transactions performed in each session and concluded at 
a price within a range of ±12% compared to the relevant reference price of the previous 
session has been introduced, to determine the contribution; 
• the reference contribution has been defined (formerly estimated contribution) taking 
into account the weighted average (on market transaction volumes and concluded 
through bilateral agreements) of the last two final contributions, providing a temporary 
one for the year of obligation 2017, which is why a higher weighting has been given to 
the 2016 final contribution compared to that of 2015; 
• the parameters that constitute the k coefficient have been changed, which is applied to 
the difference between the reference contribution and the trade prices on the market; 
• the tariff contribution to be provided on the occasion of the new annual expiry date for 
achieving the objectives by 30 November of each year has been defined, proceeding 
with the provision in advance based on the final contribution of the previous year, to 
apply to a limited target amount for each distributor (40% of the specific target for the 
year of the obligation and 75% of the residual amount of targets for previous years of 
obligation); 
• the absence of limits to retaining TEEs in owned accounts has been confirmed, without 
envisaging an expiry date for them.

--- Page 234 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 231 - 
47-41037952 
 
With regard to the application of the accruals basis, initially introduced from the year of 
obligation 2017, it has been postponed with subsequent measure 634/2017/R/efr of 15 
September 2017: 
• as regards certificates relating to remaining targets for the year of obligation 2017, the 
previous cash basis applies; 
• as regards, on the other hand, certificates relating to the remaining targets for the years 
of obligation between 2018 and 2020, the accruals basis will only apply to portions of 
them, gradually and uniformly increasing in time.  
The number of certificates to which the accruals basis apply will be quantified by the 
application of the parameter (0.25, 0.5 and 0.75 respectively) to certificates delivered by 
distributors subject to the obligations to apply to compensation for previous years of obligation. 
For certificates relating to the remaining portions of each remainder, the cash basis will apply 
instead. 
The full application of the accruals basis will only be reached with reference to the remaining 
targets for the years of obligation subsequent to 2020. 
Given that e-distribuzione has proposed an extraordinary appeal to the President of the 
Republic against Resolution 435/2017/R/efr, notified to ARERA on 11 October 2017, with 
Resolution707/2017/C/efr of 26 October 2017, the Authority has therefore decided to propose 
objecting to said appeal. 
The difficult conditions that occurred in the market for energy efficiency certificates in 2017 
and at the beginning of 2018, despite the various interventions by ARERA, led the MED to 
draw up a draft decree replacing the decree of 11 January 2017. The new decree, still awaiting 
publication, received a positive opinion from ARERA on the condition of some changes related 
to the determination of the tariff contribution, TEE not deriving from the projects, final debits 
to customers, information on GME (Opinion 265/2018/I/EFR). 
With provision 487/2018/R/EFR of 27 September 2018, the Authority updated the criteria for 
determining the tariff contribution paid to distributors complying with energy saving 
obligations, in consideration of the changes introduced by interministerial decree of 10 May 
2018, updating the previous interministerial decree of 11 January 2017, as well as the changes 
in the mechanism made in recent years. As a result of the resolution, the update of the 
Regulations for bilateral transactions and the TEE Market Rules was approved, as proposed by 
GME (Resolution 501/2018/R/EFR). 
In the 2019, with the determination 209/2019/R/efr ARERA approved the implementation 
methods, prepared by the GSE, referred to in article 14-bis, paragraphs 6 and 8, of the 
interministerial decree of 11 January 2017 on TEE not corresponding to projects. 
With the determination 273/2019/R/efr, ARERA approves the update of the Regulation of 
bilateral TEE transactions prepared by GME in the manner provided by the previous 
Regulation, pursuant to resolution 209/2019/R/efr 
The difficult situation of the market in white certificates has led some operators, including 
Acea, to challenge the legislation, ministerial decree of 10 May 2018, and the consequent 
ARERA regulations. The Regional Administrative Court responded to this adverse action by 
accepting the appeal and cancelling the Ministerial Decree of 10 May 2018 in the part in which

--- Page 235 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 232 - 
47-41037952 
 
it introduces the cap to the tariff contribution and all Arera resolutions deriving from it 
(487/2018/R/ EFR, 501/ 2018/ R/EFR, 209/2019/R/EFR and 273/2019/R/EFR). 
With the determination 529/2019/R/efr, ARERA started a procedure for the reform of the tariff 
contribution to be paid to distributors complying with energy saving obligations under the TEE 
mechanism, in execution of the Lombardy Regional Administrative Court ruling no. 2538/2019. 
The provision also confirms some aspects of the previous regulation, following the same ruling. 
The Tariff structure for transmission, distribution and metering 
The ARERA established a tariff regime that came into effect on 1 January 2000. This regime 
replaced the "cost-plus" system for tariffs with a new "price-cap" tariff methodology. The 
price-cap mechanism sets a limit on annual tariff increases corresponding to the difference 
between the target inflation rate and the increased productivity attainable by the service 
provider, along with any other factors allowed for in the tariff, such as quality improvements. 
Under the price-cap methodology, tariffs will be reduced by a fixed percentage each year 
encouraging regulated operators to improve efficiency and gradually passing savings onto end 
customers. 
By way of Resolution ARG/elt no. 199/11, the ARERA adopted the consolidated text of 
provisions to regulate the transmission and distribution of electricity ("TIT") and the 
consolidated text of provisions regulating the supply of the Electricity Metering Service 
("TIME") for the fourth regulatory period (2012-2015). 
In relation solely to the tariff adjustment for metering services, variations with respect to the 
previous regulatory period were included in the return on invested capital (set at 7.6 per cent. 
per annum), in the value of the X-factor (the coefficient of recovery for efficiency imposed by 
the regulator, set at 7.1 per cent. per annum) and also in revenue equalization for low voltage 
metering services. With reference to the distribution service, many of the tariff regulation 
schemes already in force during the previous regulatory period were maintained, in particular: 
• 
the adoption of tariff decoupling, which requires a mandatory tariff to be applied to end 
users and a reference tariff for the definition of revenue restrictions, specific by operator 
calculated on the basis of the number of users ("PoD"); 
• 
the application of the profit-sharing method for the definition of initial operating cost levels 
to be recognized in the tariff; 
• 
the updating of the tariff quota covering operating costs through the price-cap method, 
setting the annual objective for increased productivity (X-factor) at 2.8 per cent. for 
distribution activities; 
• 
the evaluation of invested capital using the re-valued historical cost method; 
• 
the definition of the rate of return on invested capital through weighted average cost of 
capital (WACC) (the rate set for 2015-2016 is 6.4 per cent. for investments made up to 
December 31, 2011; as to the investments made starting from 2012, the relevant rate of 
return on invested capital has been increased by 1.0 per cent.; and  
• 
the calculation of depreciation on the basis of the useful lives valid for regulatory purposes. 
The rules envisage incentives, using differentiated WACCs (+1.5/+2.0 per cent.) and for a 
minimum of eight years to a maximum of twelve, for specific types of investments in the 
distribution network, such as those relating to the construction of new transformer stations,

--- Page 236 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 233 - 
47-41037952 
 
investments in replacing existing transformers and smart grids, renewal and strengthening of 
the medium voltage networks in the historic centres, energy storage. 
At the end of 2014, ARERA commenced a process of updating the calculation methodology of 
the WACC for the regulatory period starting from 2016. According to the guidelines expressed 
in the document commencing the process, ARERA would introduce certain periodical 
adjustment mechanisms related to the so-called exogenous shocks contributing to the 
determination of the rate of return on the invested capital, such as risk free rate and inflation, 
while specifically fixing the remaining variables (so-called endogenous shocks, such as the 
industry system risk and the debt-to-equity ratio) for each regulated segment.  
In 2015, a large number of resolutions were approved resulting in the revision of the current 
legislation on the tariffs of transmission, distribution and metering of electricity for the period 
2016-2023. 
Resolution 654/2015/R/eel – Tariff regulation on electricity transmission, distribution and 
metering services, for the regulation period 2016-2023. 
The resolution approves the "Consolidated Code on rules and regulations for electricity 
distribution and transmission services" (“TIT”), the "Consolidated Code on rules and 
regulations for electricity metering services" (“TIME”) and the "Consolidated Code on 
economic terms for the provision of connection services" (“TIC”), coming into effect from 1 
January 2016.  
In particular, the new rules and regulations for calculating tariffs in the new regulatory period, 
the result of a complex consultation process with the publication of numerous documents 
(including 5/2015/R/eel; 335/2015/R/eel; 446/2015/R/eel and 544/2015/R/eel):  
• 
extended the duration of the period to 8 years (2016-2023), divided into two half-
periods of 4 years each: NPR1 (2016-2019) and NPR2 (2020-2023); 
• 
define the criteria for calculating the recognised cost (operating, capital and 
depreciation); 
• 
provided for the new fee structure. 
In particular, with reference to the transmission tariff, ARERA: 
• 
introduced the binomial cost tariff structure for the transmission service (CTR) 
applied by Terna to distributors at the interconnection points with an energy 
component and a power component calculated using the average maximum 
monthly power withdrawn from interconnection points as a driver, considering 
only the net energy withdrawn from the national grid (RTN); 
• 
confirmed the same structure, in force also in the last regulatory period, for the 
compulsory transmission tariff (TRAS) applied by distributors to end users; 
• 
the equalisation mechanism of transmission costs based on the recognition of 
higher costs for the distributor, deriving from the difference between the above-
mentioned fees, has been reintroduced. 
Concerning the tariff of reference TV1(dis), allocated to cover distribution and marketing costs, 
the ARERA confirms the application of a monomial fee, on the basis of the number of 
withdrawal points, and therefore independent of the service volumes supplied, differentiated

--- Page 237 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 234 - 
47-41037952 
 
by voltage levels, except for types of contracts for public lighting users and public LV electric 
vehicle recharging, the fee of which is based on a tariff expressed in euro cents/kWh. 
There is no structural change to the obligatory distribution tariff applied to non-domestic end 
users, nor to the equalisation mechanism of distribution revenues (inclusive of bi-monthly 
advance payments). 
With reference to the regulation of the metering service, as well as defining the criteria for 
calculating the recognised cost and the remuneration tariffs of distributors providing the service, 
the measure also requires that: 
• the obligation of data gathering is introduced for the subject responsible for measuring 
the actual peak demand in the month divided into bands, when possible for that meter; 
• further in-depth considerations are made concerning the hypothesis of evolution of the 
metering service regulation, with the aim of defining the general reform by July 2016. 
In 2019, with the Resolution 126/2019/R/eel – Start of procedure for the update within the 
period of the regulation of the tariffs and of the quality of the transmission, distribution and 
measurement of electricity, ARERA started a procedure for the formation of measures relating 
to the infra-period update (2020-2023) of the regulation of tariffs and quality for the 
transmission, distribution and measurement of electricity.  
Regarding the Totex approach, with the consultation document 683/2017/ R/eel, the Authority 
highlighted the need to adopt a path of preparatory activities for the introduction of the Totex 
method that will be longer than the initial starting on 2020. Furthermore, the distributors have 
proposed that the Totex approach be applied by the 2024 to ensure the necessary graduality in 
the introduction of the new approach, also taking into account the differences between the 
starting points in the different activities, in particular with reference to the planning with 
forward-looking mechanisms. The Authority provides for the introduction of the new tariff 
logics starting from next regulatory period (2024), meanwhile the infra-period update of the 
tariff regulation will have as its object the review of the operating cost base and the productivity 
recovery rate (Xfactor) for the NPR2 half-period, including the costs of the 2G measurement 
service. 
With Resolution 568/2019/R/eel – Update of the tariff regulation of electricity transmission, 
distribution and metering for the 2020-2023 interim regulatory period – and the several 
consultation documents and requests for information before, ARERA updated the tariffs and 
the quality of electricity transmission, distribution and metering for the 2020-2023 regulatory 
period. For aspects relating to distribution and metering, it envisages:  
• the recognition of operating costs in the 2020-2023 interim period, taking as a reference 
the operating costs for the year 2018 and establishing a symmetrical distribution between 
enterprise and users of the productivity recovery made in the first interim period (2016-
2019);  
• the activation of the sharing of net revenues from the use of the electric power 
infrastructure for purposes additional to electric power service; 
• the establishment of a mechanism for the recognition of non-collectable receivables in the 
event of situations of exceptional arrears relating to the network tariff portion, but 
postpones its definition to a subsequent measure; • the promotion of new aggregations 
between distribution companies;

--- Page 238 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 235 - 
47-41037952 
 
• the possibility to achieve an increase in the rate of return on invested capital upon request 
and in a single solution as envisaged in the TIT of 2008-2011 and 2012-2015 (respectively, 
for the first period, in article 11 and, for the subsequent period, in article 12);  
• the extension of the discounts provided for changes in power requested by domestic 
customers, and in 2020 the method of operation of an equalisation mechanism will be 
defined with regard to the discounts provided in the period 2016-2019;  
• the gradual application over the period of the reactive energy fees;  
• the extension of the current rules applied to vehicle recharging points open to the public 
until the end of the regulatory period;  
• the remodulation of the calculation of interest on arrears due to CSEA. 
Resolution 583/2015/R/com – Rate of return on net invested capital for infrastructure 
services in the electricity and gas sectors: criteria for calculating and updating. 
The resolution defines the procedure for calculating and updating the rate of return on net 
invested capital (weighted average cost of capital or "WACC") for regulated infrastructure 
services, unifying all the calculation parameters except for those specifically for single services, 
including parameter ß which expresses the specific non-diversifiable risk level and the weight 
of the equity capital and interest-bearing debt used for weighting (“D/E ratio”). 
The revision of the procedure aims to define a more transparent and predictable regulatory 
framework and prevent differences in the rates of return of single services being affected by 
the specific condition of Italian financial markets. The weighted average cost of capital formula 
is still used as reference but some changes in their components have been introduced. In 
particular, for the determination of the risk-free rate of return (risk-free rate, “RF”), it has been 
replaced the previous references to the Italian market (BPT to 10 years) with references chosen 
among the European countries with high ratings (government bonds to 10 years - Germany, 
Belgium, the Netherlands and France) considered at "zero risk" level compared with Italy. The 
risk-free rate, as defined above, is adjusted by introducing a new component called "Country 
Risk Premium" (“CRP”) that represents an additional rate to cover the risk factors of the Italian 
market compared to the best European Countries financial performers: this addendum is related 
to both equity and debt components of the WACC. With regard to the rate of return on equity, 
the choice of the regulator is to recalculate this indicator as difference between the "Total 
Market Return" and the Risk Free Rate considering the inversely proportional correspondence 
between the two indicators. The cost of debt is revised downward in consideration of changes 
in its individual components as mainly Risk Free Rate.  
The duration of the WACC regulatory period is six years (2016-2021), introducing an intra-
period updating mechanism. The measure therefore indicates the formula to be used in the 
calculation and the specific values of the basic parameters in force as at 1 January 2016, except 
for parameter ß for the electricity sector, established by a subsequent regulation (Resolution 
654/2015/R/eel – Annex D). 
At the end of 2018 and for the second half of the WACC regulatory period of electrical and 
gas, certain parameters (such as the Risk Free Rate and the Country Risk Premium) will have 
to be reviewed ahead of the revision of the tariffs for the period 2019-2022. 
Resolution 639/2018/R/COM – update of the remuneration rate of the invested capital for 
infrastructural services of the electric and gas sectors, for the years 2019-2021

--- Page 239 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 236 - 
47-41037952 
 
With Resolution 639/2018 / R / COM of 6 December 2018, ARERA updates the values of the 
parameters for calculating the rate of return on net invested capital (WACC) for the three-year 
period 2019-2021, setting a value of 5.9% for the distribution service. 
In 2019, the Authority updated the Integrated Text for the calculation and the rate of return of 
investments in electricity and gas infrastructure for the period 2016-2021 (TIWACC). Indeed, 
Resolution no. 570/2019/R/gas confirmed the rate of return on gas distribution at 6.3% until 
2021 and aligned the rate of gas metering with that of distribution in the years 2020-2021, 
reducing it by 0.5% (from 6.8% in 2019 to 6.3%). 
Resolution 646/2015/R/eel – Consolidated Code on the output-based regulation of 
electricity distribution and metering services, for the regulation period 2016-2023. 
The resolution approves the "Consolidated Code on the output-based regulation of electricity 
distribution and metering services, for the regulation period 2016-2023" (TIQE), in force from 
1 January 2016.  
The text, the result of a complex consultation process, contains four separate documents 
(5/2015/R/eel; 48/2015/R/eel; 415/2015/R/eel and 544/2015/R/eel), in III parts: 
I. Regulation of the continuity of the distribution service and voltage quality. These are the 
main elements that have been introduced:  
(a) 
for the duration of the outages: 
• 
the mechanism of bonuses/penalties on the duration of the outages has been kept, 
introducing an allowance of ±10per cent. on the objective value; 
• 
experimental incentive regulation for the 3-year period 2017-2019 on the 
duration of the outage with prior warning, of a medium and low voltage origin 
(measure to be adopted by 30 June 2016); 
• 
progressive alignment of the standards on prolonged outages to that in force today 
for city centres: from 2020 eight hours for all low voltage users and 4 hours for 
all medium voltage users; 
(c) 
for the number of outages without long or short-term warning: confirmation of the 
bonuses/penalties regulation with long-term objectives transferred to the end of the new 
regulatory period for long-term objectives; 
(d) 
on the subject of voltage quality, the foundations were laid for introducing a specific 
standard on transient outages and loss of voltage for medium voltage customers and for 
new initiatives concerning the conformity of the effective supply voltage value for low 
voltage users. 
II. Regulation of specific and general commercial quality levels. These are the main elements 
that have been introduced: 
(e) 
reduction of maximum response times for services requested by end users concerning 
the estimation and performance of work; 
(f) 
development of fast estimate services (via telephone, managed by seller); 
(g) 
introduction of some basic criteria for drawing up agreements between distributors and 
applicants for mass connection and activations.

--- Page 240 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 237 - 
47-41037952 
 
III. Selective promotion of investments for distribution networks. This part aims to create 
incentives for the appropriate development of investments in distribution networks, providing 
guidelines for the choices made by enterprises for investments that maximize net system 
benefits, through output-based incentives mechanisms, developed on the basis of criteria of 
selectivity. 
In particular, aspects are considered that represent the main innovative elements of the new 
rules and regulations, concerning both the innovative functions of the medium voltage 
distribution networks in areas with a high penetration of energy generated from renewable 
sources, as well as the evolution of distribution networks in urban areas, with particular 
reference to the development of the capacities of backbones in buildings. 
With reference to the Regulation for the tariff settlement of the end user market, two relevant 
determinations were issued. 
In the 2019, with resolution 566/2019/R/eel – Approval of the Integrated text of the output-
based regulation of electricity distribution and metering for the 2020-2023 interim period, 
issued following consultation no. 287/2019/R/eel, ARERA updated the TIQE for the 2020-
2023 interim period. Specifically, it envisages:  
• the confirmation of the year 2023 for the achievement of continuity target levels, granting 
them only to the areas with the worst levels of continuity;  
• the introduction of a special incentive scheme for critical territorial areas;  
• the establishment of a mechanism of regulatory experiments to help improve the quality 
of service;  
• the introduction of the recording of the number of meters replaced due to faulty display;  
• from 2021 comparative publication also for voltage dips;  
• the limitation of the premium on the individual project to improve the resilience of the 
networks to a maximum value equal to the cost of the project itself. 
Resolution 582/2015/R/eel – Reform of network tariffs and tariff components covering 
general system charges for domestic electricity users. Concomitant update of cost 
compensation for domestic customers in conditions of economic hardship. 
The resolution concludes the tariff reform process for network services and general system 
charges for domestic LV users, as provided for by Legislative Decree 102/14 which provides 
for the gradual replacement of the current progressive price structure, characterized by a unit 
rate that increases as electricity withdrawals increase. 
In coherence with the provisions of the same decree, the ARERA requires that: 
(h) 
the current bracketed structure will remain in force for all of 2016 but, for the tariffs of 
transmission, distribution and metering services only, the rates will be recalculated to 
reduce the amount of the cross-subsidy in force today between low consumption 
resident customers and non-resident customers who consume more energy, by at least 
25 per cent.; 
(i) 
from 1 January 2017, however:

--- Page 241 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 238 - 
47-41037952 
 
• 
the network tariff will become non-progressive and it will be the same for all 
domestic customers, structured as a flat rate (€/POD/year) for metering and 
marketing, in a power rate (€/kW/year) for distribution and an energy rate 
(€/kWh) for transmission; 
• 
the fees covering general system charges will be redefined to limit the number 
of annual consumption brackets to two; 
• 
finally, from 1 January 2018 the progressive structure of the components 
covering general system charges will also be replaced. 
 
Concerning the actions planned in previous consultations, aimed at promoting a more attentive 
use of the contractual demand by customers, the ARERA requires that, starting 1 January 2017: 
(j) 
contractual demand levels that are higher than those current used will be introduced; 
(k) 
when the regulations of the above letter come into force, for a period of at least 24 
months, the amount of connection contributions and flat rates the customer pays the 
distributor for remote changes to power demand, without the need for action to be taken 
on-site will be reduced. Concerning the experimental tariff for domestic customers 
using electric heat pumps as their main source of heating their homes, the ARERA 
passed a resolution to extend the deadline for the customers to submit the applications 
to 31 December 2016, as a consequence requiring that also the monitoring of 
consumption and the relevant transmission of data by distributors must be done by 28 
February 2017 (with reference to the information gathered as at 31 December 2016). 
There will be further consultation to consider the possibility of including other domestic 
customers in the experiment. 
As for the social bonus, by 31 December 2015, cost compensation to apply in 2016 will be 
calculated, to prevent the introduction of the tariff reform making the situation worse for 
customers suffering from economic hardship. 
Resolution 555/2017/R/com - PLACET (Italian acronym of "Prezzo Libero A Condizioni 
Equiparate di Tutela", meaning an offer at free prices at conditions equivalent to those of 
the standard offer) offers and minimum contractual conditions for supplies to domestic 
and small business end customers in free electricity and natural gas markets 
With Resolution 555/2017/R/com of 27 July, the Authority, following DCO 204/2017/R/com, 
has approved the rules on PLACET (Italian acronym of "Prezzo Libero A Condizioni 
Equiparate di Tutela", meaning an offer at free prices at conditions equivalent to those of the 
standard offer) offers together with minimum contractual conditions for all other free market 
offers other than PLACET offers; these provisions will come into force on 1 January 2018. In 
particular, the Resolution provides that PLACET offers must be inserted by each free market 
operator in their commercial offers both for the electricity sector (for domestic and non-
domestic grid points connected to low voltage), and for the gas sector (for domestic and non-
domestic points of delivery, including apartment buildings for domestic use for points with an 
annual consumption of less than 200,000 scm). As regards the general supply conditions, the 
seller may alternatively choose to use either the form prepared by the Authority or draw up 
their own general contractual conditions in accordance with the resolution, the form and 
regulations which do not contain any additional contractual conditions. As regards the 
economic conditions for the part to cover the costs typical of the procurement and marketing 
of the commodity, PLACET offers require a fixed amount €/point/year and an energy amount

--- Page 242 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 239 - 
47-41037952 
 
€/kWh or €/scm. It is envisaged that the energy amount will have two separate price formulas, 
a fixed price and a variable price (based on the National Single Price (PUN) for the electricity 
sector and on the title transfer facility for the gas sector). 
With Resolution 848/2017/R/COM, the Authority extended the entry into force of the PLACET 
offer until the date of approval by the Authority of the general supply conditions form.  
With Resolution 89/2018/R/com, the Authority therefore resolved that starting from 1 March 
2018 all sellers were required to make PLACET offers available on the retail market. The 
provision also approved the modules of the general conditions of supply of the PLACET offers. 
In accordance with the dates specified by the Authority, AE has made the offer available 
through the shop and via the website.  
With Resolution 288/2018/R/com, the Authority established the obligation for sellers to 
transmit instrumental data for the monitoring of PLACET offers, establishing that starting from 
1 March 2018 they submit by the month following the end of each quarter the number of 
contracts with PLACET offer activated and terminated. 
The “Annual Market and Competition Law”, no. 124 of 2017, which entered into force on 29 
August 2017, provided for the termination of price protection schemes in both the electricity 
and gas sectors starting from 1 July 2019. The implementing decree of the MED, expected by 
April 2018 and not yet issued, should define the measures to ensure the termination of the 
transitory price regulation and the conscious entry into the market of final customers, according 
to mechanisms that should ensure competition and the plurality of suppliers and offers in a free 
market. 
On 21 September 2018, Italian Law 108, which converted Italian Decree Law no. 91 of 25 July 
2018, postponed the termination of the price protection schemes until 1 July 2020. On 31 
December 2019, Italian Decree Law no. 162/2019 was approved (so-called “Milleproroghe”) 
establishing a further postponement of the termination of the price protection schemes to 1 
January 2022. In the meantime, with Resolution 59/2019/R/com – Voluntary guidelines for the 
promotion of electricity and natural gas offers benefiting purchasing groups aimed at domestic 
end customers and small businesses – the Authority prepared Guidelines (LGA) with voluntary 
participation for the promotion of commercial offers of electricity and gas benefiting 
purchasing groups and the creation of IT platforms that can facilitate the aggregation of small 
consumers. These guidelines, effective from 1 May 2019, establish rules of conduct that 
purchasing groups are required to observe for a period of at least two years after voluntarily 
adhering to them. New Standard service for end of the default service With a consultation 
(DCO 397/2019 – Standard service for final domestic customers and small businesses in the 
electricity sector referred to in article 1, paragraph 60 of Italian Law no. 124/17) ARERA 
proposed its guidelines on the new Standard Service for small customers (i.e. final customers 
currently using the default service) who will find themselves without a supplier the day after 
the termination of the default service, hoping for a gradual transition with the application of 
this service initially only to non-domestic customers, after the necessary legislative action 
(approach reiterated also with the subsequent Brief 468/2019/I/com – Brief of ARERA on the 
recent update of the final prices of electricity and natural gas and on the initiatives launched by 
it to benefit consumers with regard to the standard service – of 18 November 2019). The 
Authority has proposed a three-year service starting from the assignment through tenders of 
lots (subject of a subsequent DCO) of about 500,000 to 1 million customers, similar in terms 
of characteristics and level of arrears, which will be reserved for operators with solid economic, 
financial, managerial and operational requirements. The service is assigned to the best price at 
a discount (or increase) of the sales marketing price (prezzo commercializzazione di vendita,

--- Page 243 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 240 - 
47-41037952 
 
“PCV”). The difference between the PCV and the price offered in the tender, called “alpha” 
fee, will be charged to the customer after 12 months for domestic and 6 for non-domestic 
customers or immediately if the “alpha” fee is negative and also applied to free market offers, 
to avoid distortions between the standard and free markets. The Regulator therefore proposes 
two possible alternative models of the service: 
model 1: with a Single Buyer responsible for procurement and the main utility provider in 
charge of sales (with the further hypothesis 1bis in which the Single Buyer is also responsible 
for the management of the amounts paid by end customers and their distribution among the 
various parties in the chain); 
model 2: with the main utility provider in charge of both procurement and sales. With regard 
to the contractual conditions, the Authority proposes that they should be equivalent to the 
standard PLACET offer, including the prohibition of the inclusion of an additional product or 
service with respect to the supply of electricity, but with the possibility of always being able to 
offer one’s own product on the free market.  
During the 2017, the entire system has been involved in the structure of the general costs of the 
system for the electricity sector and ARERA worked on it very deeply, below a list of the main 
resolutions: 
a) Resolution 109/2017/C/EEL - Start of process for compliance with the sentences 
of the Regional Administrative Court of Lombardy, Section II, 31 January 2017, 
237, 238, 243 and 244, relating to the resolutions of the Authority 268/2015/R/eel, 
on the subject of guarantees for the collection of the general costs of the electricity 
system 
Resolution 109/2017/R/EEL of 3 March 2017 following the sentences of the Regional 
Administrative Court of 31 January 2017, Nos. 237, 238, 243 and 244, which cancelled the 
Resolution 268/2015/R/EEL (the “Network Code”) in the part which also considered general 
charges not collected in the calculation of the amount of the guarantee due by the seller to the 
distributor. 
The Authority appealed against these sentences to the Council of State with Resolution 
79/2017/C/EEL of 23 February 2017, defining the transitional rules with Resolution 109 
according to which distributors have the obligation to: 
• reduce the number of guarantees by 5.6% (this reduction was motivated by the 
shortening of the contractual resolution times in case of the seller’s non-fulfilment, as 
provided for by Resolution 553/16); 
• apply a further reduction of 4.9% to the proportion of the guarantee amounts (already 
reduced) only relating to general costs (this reduction was determined based on the 
estimate of the charges normally levied); 
• adjust the guarantees by 14 April 2017. 
At the same time, the Resolution initiates a process to identify, by 31 December 2017, the final 
rules for the guarantees of the Network Code and adopt compensation mechanisms for sellers 
and the distributors for any non-collection of the general costs of the system, applicable from 
January 2016. 
Resolution 109 was contested by GALA S.p.A. with the request for a precautionary measure 
rejected by the Regional Administrative Court on 24 March 2017, while on 25 May, the

--- Page 244 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 241 - 
47-41037952 
 
Council of State accepted its appeal on the order of the TAR, temporarily suspending the 
reductions in the amounts of guarantee in favour of the distributor. 
The Council of State, on 30 November 2017, dismissed the appeals presented by E-
Distribuzione and by the Authority against the sentences of the Regional Administrative Court 
of January 2017, confirming therefore, the cancellation of the provisions of the Network Code 
which provide for the inclusion of the general costs of the system not collected in the 
calculation of the guarantees that sellers must pay to distributors to conclude the transmission 
contract. As a result of this, in the statement on 29 December 2017, the Authority stressed that 
the transitional rules defined by Resolution 109 fully apply in all parts. In order to settle the 
whole matter, with the consultation document 52/2018/R/EEL the Authority gathered operator 
comments to establish a mechanism that from 2019 would allow sellers to recover general 
system charges (incurred in 2016) from those paid to the distribution companies but not 
collected by the final customer and any transfer costs and legal costs related to these charges. 
The document also envisaged that in cases of particular difficulty of the seller it can submit an 
early application for recovery, in 2018. Given the outcome of the consultation, which 
highlighted the impossibility of reconciling the various interests involved, and given the 
absence of primary legislation defining the issue, with Resolution 430/2018/R/EEL the 
Authority suspended the definition of the specific recovery mechanism, considering it more 
appropriate to implement a reform of the entire sector regulation by 30 June 2019. At present, 
the issue is very controversial and the Authority, pending a stable determination of the process 
of collection of general charges, has set up a technical roundtable involving various 
stakeholders to define a transitional mechanism that allows the repayment of the sums 
advanced by seller. 
b) Resolution 50/2018/R/EEL of 1 February 2018 – Provisions relating to the 
recognition of charges that could not otherwise be recovered due to the failure to 
collect general system charges  
The Authority introduced a mechanism to reinstate the general system charges paid but not 
collected by distributors and establishes:  
• the conditions for access: it is envisaged that access to the mechanism will be given to 
any distributor that requests it and that fulfils the obligations of paying the general 
system charges starting from the receivables accrued from 1 January 2016, in relation 
to transport contracts terminated for non-compliance for at least 6 months;  
• the recoverable amount: the amounts to be included both related to the charges incurred 
for any actions aimed at the collection of receivables and the receivables not collected 
identified by the ARERA, as well as the amounts to be excluded or considered reduced. 
The procedural aspects and obligations set by the Energy and Environmental Services 
Fund (CSEA) are then defined for quantification and settlement of the amounts to be 
recognised to the companies. Lastly, resolution 626/2018/R/EEL of 5 December 2018, 
in which the Authority deferred the completion of the reform of the general system 
charges for domestic users to 2020, postponing the elimination of residual 
progressiveness from rates. Therefore, the two-scale structure remains in place for 2019 
(up to 1,800 kWh/year and over 1,800 kWh/year). 
With Resolution 300/2019/R/eel – Urgent amendments to the Authority’s Resolution 
50/2018/R/eel concerning uncollected general charges – ARERA excluded from the 
quantification of the uncollected receivables (to be repaid by means of the current 
mechanism of Resolution 50/2018) any interest on arrears billed to transport users and

--- Page 245 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 242 - 
47-41037952 
 
recalculates it at the legal interest rate. Subsequent Resolution 495/2019/R/eel – Provisions 
on the recognition of non-recoverable receivables relating to general system charges not 
collected by electricity distribution companies. Confirmation with additions to the 
Authority’s resolution 300/2019/R/eel – clarifies that the provision of Resolution 300/2019 
refers to receivables arising after 11 July 2019 (date of entry into force of Resolution 
300/2019/R/eel) and provides that the amounts relating to applications already submitted 
shall be settled by 31 March 2020. 
c) Resolution 922/2017/R/EEL - Completion of the reform of the tariff structure of 
general system charges for non-domestic users in the electricity sector and 
coordination with the new system for recognizing subsidies for companies with 
high electricity consumption. Changes and additions to the TIT, also with 
reference to domestic users 
The resolution completes the reform of the tariff structure of general system charges for non-
domestic customers in the electricity sector, implementing the provisions of Resolution 
481/2017/R/EEL, coordinating it with the new mechanism for recognizing benefits for strong 
businesses electricity consumption. 
With resolution 119/2022/R/eel, the Authority established the mechanism for reinstating 
electricity distribution companies of uncollected and otherwise non-recoverable credits in 
relation to general system charges and network charges outlining the access conditions, the 
criteria for the quantification of the admitted credits and for the recognition, the operating 
procedures and timing for the submission of applications and settlement of the amounts by 
CSEA. 
Second generation (2G) smart metering systems in the electricity sector 
Resolution 87/2016/R/eel – "Functional specifications authorising intelligent low voltage 
meters and performance of the relevant second generation (2G) smart metering systems 
in the electricity sector, according to Legislative Decree no. 102 of 4 July 2012" 
This measure defines the functional specifications and expected performance levels of the 2G 
smart metering systems, in view of the replacement of the meters currently installed on low 
voltage utilities, which have completed their regulatory lifetime. More specifically, the 
ARERA provides that the 2G meters must be equipped with two communication channels: the 
first – chain 1 – for the transmission of data to the distributor’s infrastructure, which can then 
use the Power Line Carrier (“PLC”) in band A, RF 169 communication technology or other 
PLC technologies, and the second – chain 2 – for the transmission of data to the customer, 
which must use at least the PLC in band C. The possibility of the future adoption of an 
additional technological communication solution (optical fibre or wireless) for both channels 
is also provided. The functionalities that the 2G systems must include: continuous meter 
readings, energy registers and power and recording of voltage quality indices and management 
of certain contractual information.  
Resolution 646/2016/R/eel – Second generation (2G) smart metering systems: recognition 
of the cost of low voltage electricity meter reading and provisions concerning their 
implementation. Modifications to the TIME 
The measure establishes, for distribution companies serving more than 100,000 withdrawal 
points, the criteria for the recognition of the capital cost of the 2G smart metering systems 
which respect the functional requirements and performance levels defined in resolution

--- Page 246 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 243 - 
47-41037952 
 
87/2016/R/eel. For the initial phase of the new regulatory framework, the ARERA has defined 
two regimes for the recognition of the cost of meter reading: 
• 
specific regime, for companies starting the plan for implementing a 2G smart 
metering system by the end of 2017 (this plan does not involve ARETI and must 
be approved by the Authority); 
• 
transitory regime for companies which, conversely, have not yet started the plan 
for the implementation of a 2G smart metering system. 
The transitory regime, which involves ARETI, will be fully effective as of 2018 and will be 
based on parameter related logic. The current provisions based on the criterion of historical 
cost adjusted by the application of a maximum unitary expenditure threshold admissible in the 
tariff (equal to 105% of the gross value invested in each meter for investment made operational 
in 2015) have been retained for 2017. 
In 2017, ARERA consulted the first guidelines on the new Totex tariff method, specifying the 
duration of the entire tariff development process equal to 30 months and therefore indicating 
the start of the new method beyond 2020 as initially indicated in the resolution 654/2015 
Resolution 683/2017/R/eel - Application of the Totex approach in the electricity sector. 
The first guidelines for the introduction of incentive-based adjustment schemes on overall 
control of expenditure 
The paper shows the first of the Authority’s guidelines on the new incentive-based adjustment 
approach on overall control of expenditure, the so-called Totex approach. This approach has 
the following main features: 
• Focusing on total expenditure improving on the current scheme which considers 
operating costs and investments separately; 
• forward-looking with the simultaneous strengthening of the regulator’s capacity to 
critically assess the expenditure forecasts made by companies, as summarised in their 
business plan. In particular, the regulator must find its own assumptions about the 
development of the development path not only of operating costs, but of total 
expenditure (so-called baseline) therefore also comprising capital expenditure estimates; 
• application of the adjustment menu (IQI matrix) that combines incentives with 
efficiency incentives to formulate accurate forecasts to tackle the problem of 
information asymmetry between the regulator and the entities regulated. 
The consultation identifies four main themed areas for the development of the Totex approach: 
1) business plan: the companies submit their business plan to the regulator (with a time 
horizon of 5-10 years), in which they explain their assessments on the question of 
service (in terms of expected quantity and quality levels) and on the basis of which they 
make their investment decisions, specifying the objectives pursued and proving that 
they adopt the most effective solutions to achieve them. These activities will be 
complemented by the public debate process in which the companies acquire the point 
of view of stakeholders; 
2) cost assessment: refers to the estimation of the baseline by the regulator and the 
acquisition activities and data necessary to manage the Totex approach, both in the 
predictive stage, and in that of actual consumption and control;

--- Page 247 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 244 - 
47-41037952 
 
3) Incentives: the intention is to continue with the incentives system of the current 
regulations, in addition to implementing the incentives of the IQI matrix; 
4) managing uncertainty: the intention is to start an interactive process with companies to 
provide the regulator with a certain quality of information needed. 
With reference to the scope of application, the paper seeks to assess the possibility of providing 
for the fifth regulatory period, the application of the approach to the national transmission 
operator and, in relation to the distribution service, ensuring extensive coverage of the territory 
while initially limiting the number of stakeholders. 
With Resolution 700/2017/R/EEL which follows Resolution DCO 466/2017/R/EEL, the 
Authority provided for the amendments to the relevant regulations aimed at applying hourly 
processing for use points equipped with 2G smart metering systems. In particular, the 
Resolution provided for the integrated water service to carry out the first aggregation for the 
purpose of settling the daily quarter-hour curves relating to withdrawal points gradually 
equipped with 2G smart meters with regard to the measurement data for August 2018 
(anticipating the transition to hourly processing starting from the thirteenth month after 
commissioning, guaranteeing dispatching users at least 12 months of measurement data for 
correct scheduling of use). The date of entry into force of the new standard formats relating to 
measurement data from 2G systems was postponed to 1 January 2019 from the previous 1 
October 2018.  
With Resolution 88/2018/R/EEL, the Authority published the methods and time frames for 
exploiting and displaying the configurable information for the 2G withdrawal points in 
operation via integrated water service, applicable starting from 1 October 2018.  
With Resolution 669/2018/R/GAS, the Authority confirmed the need to continue the 
commissioning process of the G4-G6 class smart meters (typical for home use), updating 
resolution 631/2013. In particular, distribution companies with more than 100,000 customers 
are expected to commission at least 85% of the new grid points by 2021. 
With the publication of the consultation document 245/2018/R/EEL of 11 April 2018 which 
illustrates the Authority’s guidelines on the definition of the functional specifications for the 
"2.1" version of second-generation meters. Specifically, the guidelines concern: the possible 
definition of a complementary channel on chain 2 for sending information to the end user, the 
possibility of remote reinitialization in the event of excess power, the possibility of displaying 
removal readings, the possibility of evaluating the achievement of certain threshold values set 
by the seller, the methods for implementing pre-paid offers.  
Furthermore, with Resolution 419/2018/R/EEL of 2 August 2018 the Authority defined criteria 
for the recognition of measurement costs for low voltage electricity linked to the installation 
of 2G meters before starting the plan of mass installation envisaged by provision 
646/2016/R/eel. In particular, the ARERA:  
• 
confirmed the rules for recognising capital expenditures also in force for the 
1G investments that will come into operation in 2019, providing that the 
maximum value recognisable per meter will always be equal to 105% of the 
corresponding value for 2015; 
• 
introduced a new transitional mechanism for investments in 2G installed by 
the companies in the years 2018 and 2019, before the start of the mass

--- Page 248 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 245 - 
47-41037952 
 
replacement plan, such that the maximum recognisable expense per 2G 
meter will be equal to the sum:  
• 
of 125% of the average unit expenditure incurred in 2015 for the 
procurement of 1G meters, 
• 
of 105% of the investment per meter net of the average expenditure for the 
supply of installed meters incurred in 2015. 
The changes respond to the difficulties of some distribution system operators (“DSOs”) finding 
1G meters that are no longer in production and to the simultaneous need to start supplying 2Gs 
before submitting the request for admission to the recognition of specific investments (RAR1) 
to the Authority. 
Resolution 100/2019 / R / eel - Second generation smart metering systems for the 
measurement of low voltage electricity. Update for the 2020-2022 three-year period on 
the provisions for the recognition of costs of 2G smart metering systems  
On March 20, 2019, the Authority introduces an update for the 2020-2022 three-year period of 
the provisions on the determination and recognition of costs relating to second-generation 
smart metering systems (2G). In particular, the proposals reported in the consultation document 
include: 
• 
the possibility of setting obligations on the timing of the commissioning of 
2G systems together with the modulation of the "conventional plan" in order 
to reduce the "two-speed country" risk; the updating and simplification of 
the provisions relating to the admission to the fast track of the companies 
that start their own commissioning plan for 2G smart metering systems in 
these three years; 
• 
the evaluation of the provisions of the decree of the MED no. 93/2017 
concerning the periodic verification of electricity meters and the extra costs 
that could arise; 
• 
the possibility of introducing provisions to quantify the penalties to be 
applied in the event of failure to comply with the expected performance 
levels of 2G smart metering systems. 
With Resolution no. 306/2019/R/eel – Update for the three year period 2020-2022 of the 
directives for the recognition of the costs of second-generation (2G) smart metering systems 
for the measurement of low-voltage electricity and commissioning provisions – ARERA 
updated for the three-year period 2020-22 the directives for the preparation of plans for the 
commissioning of second-generation (2G) smart metering systems and defined the cost 
recognition mechanisms and penalties for failure to implement the plan or for failure to meet 
expected performance levels. Although with slight changes, the guidelines presented in DCO 
100/2019/R/eel were confirmed, specifically: (i) the major DSOs must start the installation 
phase by 2022 and finish by 2026 (at least 95%), with an intermediate step to be achieved by 
2025 (90% of the planned installations); (ii) it confirms the general principle of not recognising 
costs associated with voluntary early disposal of 1G meters (so-called stranded meters), and to 
avoid “two-speed country risk” distribution companies that have yet to submit to the Authority 
their “2G smart metering system commissioning plan” (“PMS2”) will have the commissioning 
plan calculated in such a way as to encourage the shortening of the current gap; (iii) starting 
from year 4, penalties are envisaged for failure to meet expected performance levels (only

--- Page 249 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 246 - 
47-41037952 
 
monitoring is carried out in the first three years of PMS2), with annual and multi-annual 
ceilings on penalties.  
In September 2019 ARETI sent the Authority a request for admission to the recognition of this 
type of investment and held a public session to present the plan in October 2019. The plan 
envisages the replacement of 2.3 million meters by 2034 with a total expenditure of € 546 
million, of which € 318.9 million in capital expenditures. The consultation phase of ARETI’s 
2G smart meter plan envisaged in resolution 306/2019/R/eel ended in November. The 
Authority published resolution 293/2020/R/eel approving the costs of ARETI’s 2G smart meter 
systems. 
Provisions for the Regulation Integrated Text  
TIME: Resolution 458/2016/R/eel – Regulation of electricity meter reading. Approval of 
the Integrated Text of provisions for the regulation of electricity meter reading (TIME) 
The ARERA has rationalised in a single measure, which became effective from 1 January 2017, 
the regulation of the activities comprising the measurement of outgoing, incoming and 
produced electricity, reviewing the definitions and responsibilities for the various operations. 
The structure of the responsibilities involved in managing the service has been partly modified, 
and the management of the interconnection data between the national grid and the distribution 
networks has been awarded to Terna. The latter will send the electricity measurements from 
the national grid to the distributors, no later than the third working day of the month following 
that to which they refer. The text contains a specific section on automatic indemnities, and also 
introduces a new indemnity charged to the distributor to be paid, with regards to each hourly 
withdrawal point, in the event of delayed availability or failure to make available to transport 
users the energy meter readings within the timeframes provided in the regulation.  
Resolution 668/2018/R/eel – Economic incentive for interventions to increase the 
resilience of electricity distribution networks  
With Resolution 668/2018/R/EEL of 18 December 2018 the Authority introduced an incentive 
mechanism for investments aimed at increasing resilience, focusing in particular on the 
resistance of distribution networks subjected to extreme weather events. As anticipated by the 
Authority in consultation, projects with benefits greater than costs are eligible for a bonus, 
while all the projects present in the resilience plan of the DSO are subject to penalties. More in 
detail, the bonus for each project – quantifiable as 20% of the net benefit of the project itself – 
will be reduced by 50% in the event that the effective completion date is postponed by six 
months compared to what was initially envisaged in the plan. At the same time, the penalty 
associated with each project will be 10% of the costs actually incurred for the task if the 
effective completion date is postponed by 12 months compared to what was initially specified 
in the plan, and 25% if the delay lasts 18 or more months. In the latter case, the DSO must 
justify the causes of the delay, describe the actions taken to recuperate the time lost and give 
an indication of any extra costs arising from the delay. With regard to the operating procedures 
of the bonus/penalty mechanism, the resolution envisages that by 30 November every year 
from 2019 to 2024 the Authority will update and publish the list of the projects of each main 
DSO eligible for a bonus and/or penalty, and by 31 December of each year from 2020 to 2025 
it will determine for each DSO the bonuses and penalties related to the projects with effective 
completion date in the previous year. 
ARETI sent to ARERA its 2019-2021 resilience plan in order to participate in the incentive 
mechanism of rewards and penalties as early as 2019. With resolution 534/19 ARERA resolved 
to include the projects in ARETI’s 2019-2021 resilience plans in the mechanism of premiums

--- Page 250 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 247 - 
47-41037952 
 
and/or penalties. About 230 projects are planned for a total of Euro 69 million in investments, 
mainly concentrated in 2020, designed to mitigate the risk of heat waves (most of the projects) 
and flooding (the balance). 
Natural Gas 
Italian regulations enacted in May 2000, by means of the Legislative Decree No. 164/2000 (the 
"Letta Decree") - implementing EU directives on gas sector liberalisation (Directive 
1998/30/EC) - introduced competition into the Italian natural gas market through the 
liberalisation of the import, export, transport, dispatching, and sale of gas. The liberalisation 
process was successively strengthened by Directive 2003/55/EC, which introduced, on the one 
hand, stricter unbundling obligations on companies operating in the gas transport, distribution 
and sale sectors and, on the other hand, incentives for new import infrastructure. The authorities 
responsible for turning this regulation into practice are the MED and ARERA. 
Sale 
As of 1 January 2003, companies that intend to sell gas to end customers must obtain a licence 
from the Italian Ministry of Productive Activities. Authorisation is issued, on the basis of 
criteria set by the Italian Ministry of Productive Activities, provided that the company meets 
certain requirements (e.g. appropriate technical and financial capacity) and may only be refused 
on objective and non-discriminatory grounds. 
From 1 January 2002, only companies that are not engaged in any other activity in the natural 
gas sector, other than as importers, drillers or wholesalers, may sell gas. 
Law No. 99/2009 provided for the constitution of a market exchange for the supply and sale of 
natural gas. It envisages that the Market Operator, in compliance with the principles of 
transparency, competition and non-discrimination, would be designated as manager of the 
natural gas exchange market. 
Accordingly, the Legislative Decree issued by the MED on 18 March 2010 established the 
trading platform for the import gas exchange (P-Gas), managed by the Market Operator in 
compliance with the principles of transparency, competition and non-discrimination. 
Afterwards, in October 2010, a true gas exchange started, with the GME taking on the role of 
central counterparty (M-Gas platform, structured in day ahead market - MGP-Gas – and in 
intraday market – MI-Gas). 
In December 2011, the gas balancing market on the P-Gas platform started, managed by GME 
and with the company Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. playing a role of central counterparty. The 
balancing market introduces a ex-post gas exchange session aimed at balancing the whole gas 
system and, accordingly, shipper positions (the part of the supply chain that produces or 
imports gas, or buys it from domestic producers or other shippers) by buying or selling stored 
gas. Through the central platform, accessible to all operators, they may acquire, on the basis of 
economic merit, the resources required to balance their positions and ensure the equilibrium 
constant of the network, for the purposes of system security. 
By means of Resolution No. 71/11, the ARERA introduced a set of new rules to limit the 
application of the economic conditions to residential customers, non-residential customers with 
a consumption level below 50,000 cubic meter/year and users involved in providing public 
assistance services.

--- Page 251 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 248 - 
47-41037952 
 
On October 13, 2020, ARERA published the Resolution 380/2020/R/com and consequently 
launched the proceeding aimed to review the WACC methodology for the regulatory period 
starting from 2022. The revision will be focused on the economic parameters, which are part 
of the WACC methodology and should be carried out in a substantial continuity with the 
previous discipline. 
With the Resolution 141/2021, ARERA started a proceeding to review the operational 
expenditure efficiency factor established for the period 2014-2016 on the gas distribution tariffs 
(Resolution July 24, 2014 - 367/2014/R/gas). The review took place since the Regional 
Administrative Court of Lombardy (the jurisdictional authority for administrative processes 
referred to ARERA activities) accepted the appeal of the operators claiming for a deeper 
regulatory investigation in preparation of the abovementioned resolution. The conclusion of 
the proceeding is expected for December 31, 2021, with one or more public consultations as 
part of the regulatory decision making process. 
Electricity sector: ARERA activity during the 2019 
With Resolution 58/2019/E/eel ARERA initiated a fact-finding investigation aimed at better 
understanding the methods used to manage the regulation of the financial items relating to 
electricity destined for countries within the Italian territory. At the conclusion of the first 
analyses, Resolution 491/2019/E/eel closed the preliminary investigation and launched 
consultation 492/2019/R/eel, with which it defined the Authority’s guidelines according to 
which electricity must be subject to the normal charging rules for the services concerned while 
it does not consider it appropriate to apply the general system charges. 
With resolution 467/2019/R/eel, the Authority initiated an experimental regulation on the 
modernisation of buildings’ old riser cables with effect from 1 January 2020 and for a duration 
of three years, aimed at: (i) performing a national census of old riser cables; (ii) involving and 
encouraging the apartment complexes to modernise their riser cables; (iii) ensuring greater 
access to the electricity supply; (iv) gaining useful experience in order to define a subsequent 
stable regulatory framework.  
With consultation 345/2019/R/eel, the Authority expressed its guidelines for the revision of the 
conditions for the provision of transmission, distribution and dispatching for electricity 
withdrawn and subsequently fed back into the grid by the storage systems, as well as electricity 
withdrawn from auxiliary generation services.  
With Resolution no. 553/2019/R/eel – Closing of the consultation procedure initiated by 
Resolution no. 404/2019/R/eel for the execution of the Lombardy regional administrative court 
ruling no. 1901/2019 voiding the Authority’s Resolution no. 127/2017/R/eel concerning the 
extension of automatic compensation to end customers, charged to network operators, for long-
term interruptions – ARERA closed the consultation procedure initiated by Resolution no. 
404/2019/R/eel for the execution of the Lombardy regional administrative court ruling no. 
1901/2019 voiding the Authority’s resolution 127/2017/R/eel concerning the extension of 
automatic compensation to end customers, at the expense of network operators, for long-term 
interruptions. The measure also takes into account the outcome of consultation 430/2019/R/eel 
and a request for information from distribution companies regarding automatic compensation 
to end customers for extended or prolonged interruptions for the period 1 October 2017-20 
August 2019. 
With Resolution no. 559/2019/R/eel – Losses from electricity distribution grids: confirmation 
for the year 2020 of the conventional percentage loss factors and extension of the procedure 
initiated with Authority Resolution no. 677/2018/R/eel – the Authority confirmed for the year

--- Page 252 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 249 - 
47-41037952 
 
2020 the values of the conventional percentage loss factors to be applied to withdrawals, 
injections and interconnections between grids.  
Through two separate consultations, no. 412/2019/R/eel – Modification of the process of 
termination of dispatching and transport contracts and activation of services of last resort in the 
electricity sector – and no. 530/2019/R/eel – Updating of the standard Network Code for the 
electricity transport service – the Authority described its guidelines in order to strengthen the 
entire system. The proposed actions relate to the reduction of debt collection times and 
contractual termination, thereby reducing the cost of the guarantee system for compliant 
transport users. In fact, ARERA hypothesised a reduction in the amounts of the guarantees to 
be given by sellers, which are currently commensurate with 3-5 months of turnover, down to 
2-4 months of turnover. Moreover, it proposed measures to reinforce guarantees, with 
particular attention to the rating and the insurance surety, as well as the clause verifying the 
regularity of payments and the procedures for verifying the adequacy of the amounts of 
guarantees given.  
With Resolution no. 83/2019/R/eel – Verification of the conformity of proposals to amend the 
grid transmission, dispatching, development and security code in relation to the system of 
guarantees to be provided by users of withdrawal dispatching – the Authority positively 
assessed some proposals to amend Terna’s grid code with respect to the system of guarantees 
to be provided by users of withdrawal dispatching. Specifically: (i) the minimum value of the 
guarantee set at Euro 50,000; (ii) the reduction of the time for the integration of the guarantee 
to 7 business days; (iii) expansion of the payment punctuality observation period to 12 months; 
(iv) possibility for users to issue a first-request bank or insurance surety as a guarantee. 
With Resolutions 272/2019/R/eel – Provisions functional to the extension of the ex-ante 
verification of the annual average power value with reference to the switching requests 
submitted by each dispatching user – and 494/2019/R/eel – Approval of the proposal by Terna 
of the method for correlating the financial value of the guarantees given by the dispatching user 
to its equivalent in mw for the purposes of determining the value of max average annual power 
for each user (potenza media annua per ciascun utente, “PMAu”) – the Authority introduced 
the concept of Annual Average Power (“AAP”) value for which the dispatching user is required 
to issue guarantees. The request for switching is now also subject to the integrated water 
service’s verification of the AAP value, which cancels the request in the event of a negative 
outcome. The Authority plans to extend the same mechanism to the transport contract. 
With Resolution no. 270/2019/R/com – Establishment of the electricity and natural gas 
consumption portal in implementation of Italian Law 205/2017 – the Authority announced the 
availability of the “Consumption Portal” as of 1 July 2019 (www.consumienergia.it), an 
instrument integrated with ARERA’s integrated information system (Sistema Informativo 
Integrato, “Integrated Information System” or “IIS”) and managed by the Single Buyer in 
order to “empower” the final customer with respect to its electricity and gas consumption 
(regardless of the level of consumption) and to comply with the provisions of Italian Legislative 
Decree 102/2014 on the right of the final customer to access its use data. Subsequent 
developments allowed access to the Consumption Portal by third parties authorised by the 
customer (e.g. energy service providers) and the development of synergies with ARERA’s 
offers portal (Portale Offerte), so that customer annual expenditure estimates are calculated on 
the basis of actual past consumption. 
With Resolution no. 626/2018/R/eel – Further deferral of the completion of the reform of the 
tariff components to cover general system charges for domestic electricity customers, as set 
out in the Authority’s Resolution no. 582/2015/R/eel – the Authority further delayed the

--- Page 253 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 250 - 
47-41037952 
 
completion of the tariff reform for general system charges for domestic customers until 2020. 
In the meantime, from 1 January 2019 only the DispBT (euro/POD) component (“DispBT”) 
will apply to resident domestic customers, while the tariff structure already in force in 2018 
will be confirmed for customers participating in the heat pump tariff experiment (non-staggered 
general charges and DispBT with monomial structure for residents and non-residents). 
With resolution 712/2018/R/com – Interventions following the provisions of Italian Law 
205/2017 on electronic invoicing with regard to Bill 2.0 for the standard Network Code for the 
electricity transport service and for the standard Network Code for natural gas distribution – 
the Authority established the first functional provisions to coordinate the regulation of 
summary bills for end customers and electricity and natural gas transport invoices issued by 
distributors with new laws in force since 1 January 2019 on electronic invoicing as envisaged 
by the 2018 Italian Budget Law. 
With the subsequent resolution 246/2019/R/com – Additions and amendments to the 
Authority’s resolution no. 712/2018/R/com on electronic invoicing following the provisions of 
Italian Law 205/2017 – the Authority returned to the subject, supplementing and amending 
some technical aspects of the previous resolution: (i) the possibility to include in the “invoice 
file” (replacing the summary bill) the corresponding alphanumeric code (unique and encrypted); 
(ii) the inclusion of the reference to the corresponding electronic invoice number submitted to 
the SDI in the summary bill; (iii) the obligation to record and archive the summary bill, details 
and accounting documents of the distribution service for at least 10 years. 
Electricity and gas retail markets: ARERA activity during 2020 and 2021 
Budget Law 2020 
With regard to the energy market, the 2020 Budget Law, no. 160 of 27 December 2019, 
introduced the following changes starting from 1 January 2020: 
- art. 1 paragraph 5 of the 2018 Budget law has been erased, which means that the 
provisions on the two-year limitation period do apply in the event of failure or erroneous 
detection of consumption data, deriving from ascertained responsibility of the user; 
- in the event of non-payment of the invoices, the public utility service operators are 
obliged to send to customers the notification of contestation of non-payment and the 
notice of suspension of the supply with not less than 40 days' notice. In order to fulfil 
this obligation, resolution 219/2020/R/com was published by the Authority. In 
particular the Authority has therefore introduced the changes necessary to guarantee the 
protection of 40 days' notice, this period of time starts from the date of notification of 
the notice of establishment in late payment sent by registered letter with return receipt 
or electronic certified email (posta elettronica certificata); 
- in the event of illegal conduct regarding billing (violations relating to the methods of 
recording consumption, making adjustments or billing, charges for unjustified expenses 
or costs for consumption, services), which has been ascertained by the competent 
authority or "duly documented by means of a specific declaration, presented 
autonomously by the customer also by electronic means", the seller is required to: 
- reimburse any sums already paid by the customer; and 
- pay a penalty equal to 10% of the disputed and undue amount, and in any case not less 
than Euro 100, within 15 days from the verification / positive response to the customer's

--- Page 254 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 251 - 
47-41037952 
 
declaration "through, at the user's choice, the reversal in the subsequent invoice or a 
specific payment ". 
Two-year prescription 
The Authority published resolution 184/2020/R/com with which it has adapted the sector 
regulations to the provisions established by Article 1 paragraph 295 of the 2020 Budget Law, 
eliminating the hypothesis of customer responsibility. On 27 July 2020, Acea Energia filed an 
appeal with the Lombardy Regional Administrative Court against this resolution, raising the 
illegitimacy of bringing the application of the prescription back to the mere passing of time, 
without considering any impeding behavior of customers, it would lead to a 'non-
constitutionally oriented interpretation of the 2020 Budget Law. With a decision passed on 14 
June 2021, the Regional Administrative Court of Lombardy ruled in favour of the appeal, with 
consequent cancellation of resolution 184/2020/R/com, on the basis that the interpretation of 
the 2020 Budget Law had only referred to the duration of the limitation (two years instead of 
five years), without however excluding the applicability of the general civil code regulations 
regarding limitation. With Consultation Document 457/2021/R/com, the Authority revised the 
information obligations set out in Resolution 569/2018/R/com, in the events of billing of 
consumption dating back more than two years, to favour smaller end customers deemed worthy 
of stronger protection. 
With Resolution 603/2021/R/com, the Authority amended Resolution 569/2018/R/com on the 
billing of consumption dating back more than two years as a result of DCO 457/21, in order to 
comply with the above-mentioned decision of the Lombardy Regional Administrative Court. 
With this resolution, the Authority confirmed the distributor's obligation to notify the seller, 
via certified email (posta elettronica certificata) – contemporaneously with the metering or 
adjustment data referring to consumption dating back to a period more than two years back – 
the indication of the presumed existence or non-existence of causes hindering the accrual of 
the limitation period pursuant to the primary and general reference legislation. It also confirmed 
that the seller's information obligations vis-à-vis the end customer should be separated 
depending on whether or not there are any amounts on the invoice for which the limitation is 
contested. Regional Administrative Court has suspended resolution ARERA no. 603/2021 
limited to article 6.4 of the Annex to said resolution, which is the transitional regulation that 
obliges the distributor to respond within 7 days. The public hearing for the discussion is set for 
1 December 2022. 
With reference to the settlement of the electricity and natural gas sectors, the Authority 
published the consultation document 330/2020/R/com in order to define the mechanisms aimed 
at regulating the economic items related to the two-year prescription. In particular, the 
Authority provided for a compensation mechanism aimed at indemnifying the sellers from the 
missed collections due to the application of the two-year prescription not linked to their liability 
(invoicing delays) with specific reference to the amounts referring to the commodity and to the 
dispatching, as well as the fees for the transport service and general charges.  
Following on from consultation document 330/2020/R/com, the Authority published 
Resolution 604/2021/R/com, which provides for: 
• an annual compensation mechanism for the greater protection operator or the 
dispatching user associated with a withdrawal point, making it possible also to recover 
in the successive annual session any amounts not recovered in the reference annual 
session;

--- Page 255 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 252 - 
47-41037952 
 
• a mechanism to make distribution companies liable, whereby from 2023 all electricity 
distribution companies will be required to pay a penalty to CSEA each year for 
recalculations invoiced in the previous year due to non-collection of actual readings or 
adjustments of actual metering amounts previously utilised, for the portion prior to 24 
months of the date on which the data was made available. 
COVID-19 health emergency: main resolutions 
Following the state of emergency relating to the health risk declared with the resolution of the 
Council of Ministers of January 31, 2020, the Authority, with resolution 60/2020 / R / COM, 
ordered: 
• for all low voltage electricity customers and for all gas customers with consumption of 
less than 200,000 Sm, the suspension until April 3, 2020 of the regulations for credit 
protection for non-fulfillment in payment invoices that have already expired on the date 
of 10 March 2020; 
• the establishment, at the CSEA, of a COVID-19 emergency account intended to 
guarantee the financing of initiatives in customers' support. For the purpose of 
replenishing the account, the CSEA can use the balances available in the other 
management accounts for an amount up to Euro 1 billion, subsequently extended to 
Euro 1.5 billion with resolution 95/2020/R/com. 
With the subsequent resolution 75/2020/R/com, in implementation of the law decree 9/2020, 
the Authority provided for the users located in the 11 municipalities identified as "red zone" in 
the annex to the same decree: 
- the suspension of the terms of payment of invoices issued or to be issued until April 30, 
2020 and of any invoice relating to consumption relating to the period between the 
entry into force of decree-law 9/20 (March 2, 2020) and 30 April 2020; 
- the suspension of the credit protection regulations until April 30 for the non-fulfillment 
of payment obligations relating to invoices or notices of payment, including those that 
have expired on the date of entry into force of decree-law 9/20; 
- the automatic payment by installments of the amounts subject to suspension. 
Furthermore, in order to guarantee the continuity of the social bonus to citizens who are entitled 
to it, with resolution 76/2020/R/com the Authority deferred the term within which customers 
can request its renewal. 
Moreover, with resolution 59/2020/R/com, it ordered the extension of a series of disclosure 
obligations for sales companies and clarified the application of the discipline of failure to 
comply with specific and general quality standards due to force majeure. 
With resolution 74/2020/R/com, it ordered the suspension, until May 31, 2020, of the terms of 
the preliminary phase and the decision-making phase of the proceedings already started or that 
will be started after the publication of the same resolution and granted the new deadline of 5 
June 2020 with respect to the fulfillment of the decision-making phase expired in the period 
between 23 February 2020 and the date of publication of the resolution itself. 
With Resolution 116/2020/R/com, the Authority intervened on the provision of electricity 
transport and natural gas distribution services, establishing that:

--- Page 256 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 253 - 
47-41037952 
 
- in case of paying at least 70% of the total invoiced with reference to the withdrawal 
points powered by low voltage, the discipline of non-fulfillment connected to the 
payment for the transport invoices expiring in April 2020 is suspended; 
- the suspension of enforcement of the guarantees given if at least 80% of the amount of 
the distribution invoices expiring in April 2020 has been paid; 
- in the electricity sector, for the purpose of satisfying the requirement of regularity of 
payments, in relation to the guarantees given, the distributor does not take into account 
the delays for transposed invoices expiring in April 2020 (if paid at least 70% of the 
turnover with reference to the sampling points powered in low voltage); 
- in the event of a downgraded rating as a result of the current emergency, the minimum 
level BB + of Standard & Poor's Corporation or Ba1 of Moody's Investor Service will 
be provisionally recognized, as well as, for the electricity sector, the BB + level of Fitch 
Ratings, or in any case equivalent levels; 
With resolution 149/2020 / R / COM the Authority modified resolution 116/2020 / R / COM, 
extending its prescriptions until June 1.  
With the subsequent resolution 117/2020 / R / com, the Authority amended and supplemented 
resolution 60/2020 / R / com, providing the extension until April 13, 2020 of the block of all 
possible procedures for the suspension of electricity and gas supplies started with the previous 
resolution. 
Finally, with resolutions 121/2020 / R / eel 207/2020 / R / COM, the Authority modified, 
temporarily and until 30 June 2020, the current regulation of imbalances with the aim of 
mitigating the major negative effects on market operators. the imbalances that occurred in this 
emergency phase; phase that has determined, in addition to a drastic drop in electricity 
consumption, also a persistent increase in scheduling difficulties by dispatching users due to a 
discontinuous resumption of operation of activities, not manageable through the normal 
diligence applicable to the forecasting.  
Subsequently, with resolution 124/2020 / R / com, the Authority modifies the resolution 
60/2020 / R / com, extending again the procedures for the suspension of electricity, gas and 
water supplies until May 3, 2020, following the Prime Ministerial Decree of 10 April 2020. 
On May 19, 2020, the Relaunch Decree (Decree-Law May 19, 2020, n. 34) was published. In 
particular, the legislator intervenes in the matter of charges for electricity bills relating to non-
domestic low voltage customers with power greater than 3 Kw, providing for a reduction in the 
expenditure relating to the power portion by applying only a fixed portion of a reduced amount, 
for the months of May, June and July 2020. 
Following the “D.L. Sostegni”, the resolution 124/2021/R/EEL established the transitory 
reduction of tariffs for low voltage utilities for non-domestic use also for the period 1 April - 
30 June 2021. Following the “D.L. Sostegni Bis”, the resolution 279/2021/R/EEL extended the 
provisions already adopted with Resolution 124/2021/R/eel until 31 July 2021.Moreover, with 
resolution 192/2020 / R / COM, the Authority extended the urgent measures regarding the 
provision of electricity transport and natural gas distribution services, modifying and 
supplementing Resolution 116/2020 / R / com. In particular: 
• with reference to the electricity transport invoices due in June 2020 and the gas 
distribution invoices due after 1 June and up to 30 June, the payment threshold has been

--- Page 257 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 254 - 
47-41037952 
 
raised for which the suspension of the procedures is envisaged of default by distributors: 
for the electricity sector, (from 70%) to at least 90% of the LV users billed and, for the 
gas sector, (from 80%) to at least 90% of the amount billed for gas; and 
• the provisions on rating and regularity of payments were extended until 30 June. 
With resolution 248/2020 /R/com the Authority ordered that the seller pays the payments 
partially made in relation to the transport invoices due in the months of April, May and June, 
in a single solution, by September 2020, or in three monthly instalments without interest with 
maturity starting from September. Finally, with reference to the guarantees of the credit rating, 
the Authority has ordered that the rating held by the user (or by the parent company) continue 
and be satisfied for a further 12 months from the downgrade if the rating, downgraded as a 
result of the emergency situation, is at least equal to level BB + or equivalent. 
Social bonus 
The automatic recognition of the social bonus to the entitled persons was established with Law 
Decree 124/19 starting from 2021 and with the subsequent resolution 14/2020/R/com and the 
DCO 204/2020 / R / com, the Authority started the procedure for the definition of the 
implementation of the provisions of the decree-law. With Resolution 63/2021/R/COM, 
ARERA regulated the automatic recognition of social bonuses due to economic hardship, in 
order to allow end customers in difficult circumstances to automatically receive the discount 
in their bills without having to apply for this measure. With resolutions 635/2021/R/com and 
141/2022/R/com, ARERA confirmed the supplementary social bonus for the entire first half of 
2022. In addition, Legislative Decree n. 21 of 21 March 2022 established the increase of the 
ISEE threshold to access the social bonus (from Euro 8.000 to Euro 12.000) for the period from 
1 April 2022 to 31 December 2022. 
Public interventions in price setting  
On 31 December 2020, the MED signed the decree "Free electricity market. Conscious entry 
scheme for end customers" for small businesses from 1 January 2021. The decree confirms the 
Authority’s provisions with resolution 491/2020/R/eel apart from the threshold, raised to 35% 
and then updated by ARERA with resolution 28/2021/R/EEL. The decree mainly concerns: 
- the launch of information campaigns for all types of customers, which will involve 
multiple institutional subjects in collaboration with trade organizations and consumer 
associations; 
- the provision of a six-monthly ARERA report, for the period 2021-2022, on the 
evolution of customers’ behavior, on the trend of prices offered, on the transparency 
and advertising of offers and related services. This monitoring activity will take place 
from 1 July 2021 and until 31 December 2022; 
- the confirmation of ARERA’s gradual protection service (Servizio a Tutele Graduali, 
“Gradual Protection Service”) for small businesses (with a contractually power level 
higher than 15 kW) starting from 2021, to be assigned through public tenders starting 
from July 2021, specifying that: 
o the identification of territorial areas must be characterized by a balanced level of 
risk associated with arrears or by dimensional homogeneity in terms of volumes; 
o the maximum volume that can be assigned to a single operator throughout the 
country is 35%;

--- Page 258 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 255 - 
47-41037952 
 
o the provision of specific incentive mechanisms for arrears’ recovery based on 
customers’ specificities; 
o confirms the three-year duration of the service assigned by tender; 
o confirms the transitional regime until June 2021. During this period the service will 
be managed by the local supplier in the area of his own competence; 
o ARERA will have to prepare a periodic report on the implementation of the Gradual 
Protection Service and on the outcome of public tenders. 
The specular MED decree for microenterprises and household customers is still awaited. 
The conversion into law of the D.L. 183/2020 (Milleproroghe) with law 1 March 2021, n. 21 
(effective from 2 March 2021) extended the termination of public interventions in the price 
setting for household customers and microenterprises from 1 January 2022 to 1 January 2023. 
Law n. 233 of 29 December 2021, which converted into law, with amendments, Law Decree 
n. 152 of 6 November 2021, established that: 
• electric micro-enterprises will be served in Gradual Protection Service from 1 January 
2023 and the tenders will take place during 2022. Resolution n. 208/2022 and the Single 
Buyer’s Act of 30 May 2022 provide that the tenders will take place during September 
2022; 
• electric household customers will switch to the Gradual Protection Service following 
the tenders that will be held by 10 January 2024. Pending the execution of said tenders, 
these clients will remain served in the current “Servizio di maggior tutela”; 
• electric vulnerable customers will be served in the current “Servizio di maggior tutela” 
until ARERA defines a specific offer;  
• gas household customers’ regulated prices will still stop on 1 January 2023. 
 
New obligations of the commercial conduct code  
The Resolution 426/2020/R/com strengthened the mandatory information that the electricity 
and natural gas suppliers are obliged to give to customers, both in the pre-contractual phase 
and in the contractual phase, through the revision of the commercial conduct code. Changes 
related to the pre-contractual phase will be effective from 1 July 2021; whereas, changes related 
to the contractual phase will be effective from 1 October 2021. Among the main innovations, 
the Authority established (i) the introduction of a summary sheet that summarizes the contents 
of the contract and (ii) new price indicators, in order to facilitate the comparison between 
commercial offers. In addition, the Authority established a mandatory sending of a specific 
communication in the event of automatic changes of the economic conditions. 
New rules for the billing process 2.0 
With Resolution 549/2020/R/com, the Authority started a procedure to amend some rules of 
the billing process in order to pursue the objectives of transparency and comprehensibility of 
information towards the customer following some important regulatory innovations, regulatory 
and technological measures that occurred after its first adoption, in 2016.  
The register of electricity suppliers  
The “Annual law for the market and competition”, n. 124 of 2017, which entered into force on 
29 August 2017, established that electricity suppliers, in analogy with natural gas suppliers,

--- Page 259 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 256 - 
47-41037952 
 
must be registered in the Register of electricity suppliers, to be established by decree of MED's 
proposal (now MITE). To get the registration in the register, sellers must be in possession of 
certain technical and financial requirements (such as regularity of payments and minimum 
share capital of Euro 100,000) and integrity. The eventual exclusion from the register also takes 
into account the violations and irregular conduct carried out in the electricity sale activity, 
sanctioned by the Authorities (Arera, AGCM, the Italian Privacy Authority, and the Italian 
Revenue Agency). The decree was issued on 5 May 2022.  
Electricity sales activity (RCVsm) 
The Resolution 576/2019/R/eel updated the sales marketing remuneration (remunerazione 
commercializzazione vendita, “RCV”) and DispBT components and the PCV fee with effect 
from 1 January 2020. In particular, with regard to the RCVsm component (specific for 
operators other than the incumbent) (remunerazione commercializzazione vendita imprese 
societariamente separate minori, “RCVsm”) for the central south territorial area, there is an 
increase in the value of the component to 44.10/Euro/POD compared to the value in 2019, 
equal to 42.53, for household customers and a decrease in value to 10.18/euro/pod compared 
to 2019, equal to 11.63, for business customers. 
The Resolution 100/2020/R/eel updated the value of the amounts of the default compensation 
mechanism (Article 16-ter of ARERA’s integrated text for the provision of electricity sales 
services to final users, or “TIV”) which is reduced from 3.83/Euro/POD to 1.8/Euro/POD for 
domestic customers and from 42.82/Euro/POD to 19.17/Euro/POD for business customers. 
With regard on the customer exit compensation mechanism (Article 16-quater of the TIV), the 
Authority revised the values of the benchmark that determines both access to the mechanism 
and the value of the compensation itself. In particular ARERA revised these values upwards, 
making the access to the mechanism more difficult and the compensation value lower. 
The Resolutions 603/2020/R/gas and 604/2020 / R / eel updated the RCV and DispBT 
components, the PCV fee for the electricity sector and the retail sales quota (“QVD 
component”) for the gas sector, with effect from 2021. With regard to the RCVsm component 
(specific for operators other than the incumbent) for the central south territorial area, there is a 
decrease in the value of the component to approximately 42.66/Euro/POD for domestic 
customers; while for business customer, there is an increase in the value of the component to 
approximately 107.73/Euro/POD. 
In addition, the Resolution 127/2021/R/eel updated the parameters relating to the TIV 
mechanisms named "Compensation mechanism for arrears of customers" and "Mechanism for 
customer exit compensation". In particular: 
- with reference to the first mechanism, the amount of compensation is decreasing for 
domestic customers but increasing for other customers. The same trend also applies to 
the threshold rates for access to the mechanism, i.e. for the minimum level of unpaid 
ratio that the individual companies must have registered in order to access the 
aforementioned mechanism; and 
- with reference to the second mechanism (Article 20) in relation to customers who left 
the protection service (where prices are set by the Authority “SMT”) during 2020, the 
values of the reference parameter were lowered in relation to the exits from the SMT to 
market-based supply prices (“ML”) connected to the same seller, while the values for 
the exits towards ML of the other competitors were raised. In addition, this mechanism 
with reference to the year 2021 will be redefined "in order to take into account the need 
to conduct an overall assessment of the remuneration of the operators of the SMT".

--- Page 260 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 257 - 
47-41037952 
 
The Authority published resolutions 146/2022/R/eel and 147/2022/R/gas, which respectively 
update the RCV and DispBT components and the PCV fee for the electricity sector and the 
QVD component for the gas sector starting from April 2022. ARERA will confirm, also for 
the future, an annual update frequency by 31 March of each year for all these parameters. As 
for the RCVs component (specific for operators other than the incumbent) for the central-south 
of Italy territorial area, there has been an increase in the value of the component of 
approximately 48.31 Euro/POD (previously Euro 42.66) for domestic customers and an 
increase in the value of the component to approximately Euro 129.29/POD (previously Euro 
107.73) for business customers. 
As for the parameters related to the TIV mechanisms named "Mechanism for customer exit 
compensation", there has been a decrease in all four parameters (which determine both access 
to the mechanism and the value of the compensation itself). This has a double positive effect: 
a lower threshold makes it easier to access to the mechanism and provides a greater the value 
of the compensation, as the compensation is commensurate to how much the actual churn rate 
recorded in a year exceeds the values indicated by ARERA. 
General system charges 
Following the working groups carried out during the 2020, the Authority published the 
Resolution 32/2021/R/eel, which intervenes on the topic of general system charges (“OGdS”), 
establishing the mechanism for the recognition of OGdS not paid by customers (with reference 
to those invoices issued from March 2016), but paid by the suppliers to the DSO. 
With Resolution 123/2021/R/com, the Authority updated the electricity sector metered 
distribution tariffs and general charges, announcing the transfer of the asos component (i.e. the 
component of system charge expenditure intended to cover general charges related to the 
support of energy from renewable sources and cogeneration) (“ASOS”) from GSE to the CSEA, 
to be allocated to the account for new renewable energy plants. The transfer of responsibility 
for the collection of the ASOS component to the CSEA, with effect from 1 July 2021 was 
officially confirmed under Resolution 231/2021/R/eel.  
Change of holder of the supply contract with change of supplier 
The Resolution 135/2021/R/eel introduced the right to change the holder of the supply contract 
with a simultaneous change of supplier in the electricity market. This possibility will be 
effective for the greatest part of the customers from 30 September 2021. However, for 
customers within the Gradual Protection Service, this will be applicable from 1 July 2021. 
The Authority published Resolution 360/2021/R/eel, which also states that in the event of a 
change of supplier, the existing commercial counterparty must tell the end customer supply 
contract holder that the contract is being terminated, specifying the relevant reasons. This 
resolution also extended the deadline from 30 September 2021 to 30 October 2021. 
Heat and Services 
Legislative Decree 102/14 granted ARERA regulatory and enforcement powers in the areas of 
district heating (teleriscaldamento), cooling and hot water for domestic use. In particular, the 
regulatory powers granted to ARERA relate to:  
• 
the continuity, quality and safety of the service, the plants and the accounting 
systems;

--- Page 261 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 258 - 
47-41037952 
 
• 
the criteria to determine the user rates for connection to the network and the 
methods to exercise the relevant right of disconnection; 
• 
the methods through which the network operators publish the prices for the 
provision, the connection, the disconnection and the accessory machinery 
for heating systems;  
• 
the reference conditions for the connection to the district heating and cooling 
networks applicable to new generation heating units;  
• 
the rates for the sale of heating in case of the obligation to connect to the 
district heating and cooling networks imposed by Italian Regions or 
Municipalities;  
• 
the regulation of the measurement and accounting systems of 
heating/cooling/water consumptions for health purposes;  
• 
the regulation of invoicing information and documents.  
Pursuant to Legislative Decree 102/14, ARERA also exercises control, inspection and sanction 
powers provided by Law 481/95, as well as the sanction powers provided by Article 16 of 
Legislative Decree 102/14. 
With Resolution 271/2019/R/gas – Provisions relating to the process of making available the 
technical data of the redelivery points and the measurement data to the Integrated Information 
System and modification of the communication standards with reference to the gas sector – 
and subsequent Resolution 6/2019 – Modifications and integrations to the Operating 
Instructions and the xml structures to be used for the exchange of information with respect to 
the communication standards for the natural gas sector – the Authority gave a mandate to the 
integrated water service operator for the publication of new data files, which, from February 
2020, will be used for: (i) the provision of technical data, information and measurement data 
collected during the replacement of the meter and other technical service; (ii) the provision of 
the periodic measurement data collected in accordance with ARERA’s “Integrated text of retail 
sales activities of natural gas and gas other than natural gas distributed by means of urban 
networks” (TIVG), the self-readings made by end customers, the measurement data collected 
during switching, as well as other technical services requiring the collection of measurement 
data; (iii) making available the corrections to the measurement data submitted with the two 
previous flows. 
At the same time, the Authority has defined the procedures and timing that, given the specified 
starting date, allow the distribution companies to transfer the largest number of measurements 
to the IIS to be used for their settlements. The effective date of the new data files was later 
extended to 1 June 2020 with Resolution no. 493/2019/R/gas – Update of the methods and 
timelines for making available the technical data of redelivery points and measurement data 
for the gas sector to the Integrated Information System. 
With Resolution 406/2018/R/com – Entry into force of the regulation of the indemnification 
system within the Integrated Information System, for the electricity and natural gas sectors – 
the Authority established that from 1 June 2019 the processes relating to the indemnification 
system would be managed exclusively within the IIS, even for the gas sector. Reform of 
charges for domestic customers. During the last years, ARERA continued to deepen its activity 
on the district heating service with the following steps.

--- Page 262 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 259 - 
47-41037952 
 
2018 was a year of intense development with regard to regulation in the district heating sector, 
attributed to ARERA by Italian Legislative Decree 102/2014. During the year and after an 
intense activity of analysis and discussion with operators and associations, ARERA began to 
outline the guidelines for the future regulation of district heating. With resolution 24/2018/R/tlr 
and subsequent resolution 277/2018/R/tlr, ARERA issued the “Consolidated Law on the 
Regulation of the criteria for determining the connection fees and the procedures for the 
exercise by the user of the right of withdrawal for the regulatory period 1 June 2018-31 
December 2021 (TUAR)” in which it defines the regulation of the criteria for determining the 
connection fees and the procedures for the exercise by the user of the right to deactivate the 
supply and disconnection from the district heating network for the regulatory period 1 October 
2018-December 2020. 
With resolution no. 574/2018/R/tlr of 13 November 2018, ARERA defined the information 
obligations of parties operating in the district heating and cooling sector with regard to the 
Operators’ and Territorial Register and the procedures for submitting applications for exclusion 
of networks from the Authority’s regulation. The document, called “Information requirements 
for district heating and cooling operators (OITLR)” establishes that: a) parties operating in the 
district heating sector that have not yet registered in the “Operators’ Register” must do so by 
31 December 2018 based on the new provisions; b) network operators must verify and, where 
necessary, supplement or update the information relating to each network they manage by 31 
March 2019 at the latest using the “Anagrafica Territoriale (ATT)” computer protocol. 
With Resolution 661/2018/R/tlr, ARERA defined the regulation of the commercial quality of 
the district heating service for the regulatory period 1 July 2019-December 2021 and provided 
for the initiation of a procedure for the revaluation of the provisions on the exercise of the right 
of withdrawal established by the TUAR and some amendments thereto. ARERA has also 
launched a consultation on the technical quality of district heating, DCO 691/2018/R/ tlr, which 
is expected to be completed in 2019. Unlike the regulation of other regulated sectors, the 
regulation of district heating lacks the typical tariff oversight, because while the sector is 
regulated it operates under market conditions and not according to tariffs established by 
ARERA. Therefore activities related to quality are ARERA’s main contributions to the sector. 
In 2019, the regulator published the following integrated texts relating to the sector: 1) RQTT 
– Regulation of the technical quality of district heating and cooling services – resolution 
548/2019/R/tlr and 2) TITT – Transparency of district heating and cooling services – resolution 
313/2019/R/tlr.  
With resolution 313/2019/R/tlr, the Regulatory Authority for Energy Networks and 
Environment (ARERA) defines the transparency regulations for the district heating and cooling 
sector for the regulatory period 1 January 2020-31 December 2023. The scope of the 
intervention includes the minimum contents of supply contracts and invoicing documents, the 
methods of publication of prices applied by operators and other information concerning the 
quality of service and environmental performance. It is also envisaged that the Authority will 
launch a price monitoring system.  
With resolution 548/2019/R/tlr (RQTT), ARERA adopted the regulation of the technical 
quality of the district heating service, with particular reference to safety and continuity of the 
service, for the regulatory period 1 July 2020-31 December 2023. 
Electricity sector: ARERA activity during 2020 and 2021 
With Resolution 190/2020/R/eel, ARERA took urgent actions necessary to implement the 
provisions of the Italian Law Decree no. 34 of 19 May 2020 (as subsequently amended and

--- Page 263 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 260 - 
47-41037952 
 
supplemented, the “Italian Relaunch Decree”) on the reduction of expenditures incurred by 
low voltage electricity user accounts other than domestic users for the months of May, June 
and July 2020. 
With Resolution 311/2020/R/eel, ARERA gave instructions to the CSEA in relation to 
management of the resources paid into the COVID- 19 emergency account under the terms of 
the Italian Relaunch Decree and to the activation of compensation to be paid to distributor 
companies for the lower receipts deriving from the provisions of Resolution 190/2020/R/eel. 
With Resolution 162/2020/R/eel, ARERA determined the provisional tariffs of reference.  
With Resolution 144/2020/R/eel, ARERA determined the definitive tariffs of reference for 
distribution and metering services for the year 2019. 
With resolution 639/2018/R/COM, ARERA updated the values of the parameters used to 
calculate the rate of return on net invested capital (WACC) for the three-year period 2019-2021, 
establishing a value of 5.9% for the distribution service. 
With Resolution 380/2020/R/COM of 13 October 2020, ARERA launched a proceeding to 
update the criteria for determining and updating the WACC for the WACC regulatory period 
that will begin on 1 January 2022 (the “PWACC”). 
In Resolution 568/2019, ARERA allowed the distribution companies concerned to submit an 
application by 30 September 2020 to request the single payment of the highest amount due 
with regard to the entire residual duration of the incentive. With Resolution 568/2019, ARERA 
established that the equalisation of the revenues from distribution would be reduced by an 
amount equal to 50% of the net revenues from the use of the electrical infrastructure for 
purposes additional to the electric service, recorded at the end of year n-2. 
With Resolution 568/2019, distribution companies were required to communicate to CSEA the 
information relating to the number of operations of increase or reduction of committed power 
requested by domestic customers connected to their grids. In this regard, on 9 June 2020 the 
Authority published Determination 10/2020-DIEU with which it established that this 
equalisation will be managed by CSEA with a single collection of data for the entire three-year 
period with the same phases and timing envisaged in the general equalisation of the year 2019. 
With Resolution 568/2019, ARERA introduced with effect from 2022 tariff regulation of 
reactive energy inputs used by end customers and distribution companies for all voltage levels. 
In this regard, the Authority published Determination 2/2021 – DIEU, in which it established 
that every distribution company directly connected to the national high and very-high 
transmission grid needs to send the Authority information by 30 June 2021 on (i) the quantities 
referring to the volumes of reactive energy, (ii) the type and annual amount of interventions 
implemented since 2017, as well as the ones planned by 2024, in order to check on the voltage 
and manage reactive energy inputs and withdrawals from the transmission grid. 
Resolution 449/2020/R/eel perfected the rules on network losses for the three years 2019-2021. 
In particular, the algorithm for calculating the deltaL equalisation relating to the value of the 
difference between the effective losses and the standard losses starting from the year 2019 was 
modified; the percentage factor applied for equalisation purposes for commercial losses of 
electricity on the networks with obligation to connect third parties for the “centre” zone and 
for the LV voltage level was modified, going from 2.0% to 1.83%. 
In addition, with a specific application to be presented by the end of May 2022, the resolution 
provides for recognition of network losses attributable to non-recoverable fraudulent

--- Page 264 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 261 - 
47-41037952 
 
withdrawals that manifest with exceptional amounts compared to the levels recognised 
conventionally. The recognition is provided for exclusively in the case of a negative net 
equalisation balance on the three years 2019-2021 and will have a value at the most equal to 
what is necessary to reduce this balance to zero. 
With Resolution 293/2020/R/eel, ARERA approved the plan of commissioning the 2G smart 
metering systems presented by ARETI and determined the related conventional commissioning 
plan and the expenses envisaged for the plan for the purposes of recognition of the costs of 
capital. 
With Resolution 461/2020/R/eel, the rules were defined for the payment to the electricity 
distribution companies of the otherwise non-recoverable expenses for failure to collect the 
tariffs for the network services. The CSEA is to quantify and settle the receivables not 
recoverable by distribution companies in relation to the network tariffs. By and no later than 7 
December 2020, the distribution companies could request to the CSEA to receive by 31 
December 2020 the disbursement of an advance equal to 50% of the full payment amount. On 
4 December 2020, CSEA was asked for the advance of an amount of approximately Euro 5.8 
million, and this was received on 31 December 2020. 
With Resolution 109/2021/R/eel, ARERA defined the procedures for providing the 
transmission, distribution and dispatching service in the event of (i) withdrawal of electricity 
for consumption relating to ancillary generation services and of (ii) withdrawal of electricity 
subsequently fed back into the grid from the storage system. According to said resolution, 
starting from 1 January 2022, electricity withdrawn for the subsequent feeding into the grid 
will be handled, on request of the producer, as negative electricity fed in for the purposes of 
accessing transport, distribution and dispatching services. Resolution 560/2021/R/EEL 
postponed the application of the rules on transmission, distribution and dispatching services 
for electrochemical storage, as referred to in Resolution 109/2021/R/EEL, to 1 January 2023. 
With resolution 614/2021/R/com, the criteria for determining and updating the remuneration 
rate for capital invested in infrastructure services for the electricity and gas sectors for 2022-
2027 were updated, setting the rate at 5.2% for electricity distribution and metering and 5,6% 
for gas distribution and metering. At the same time, ARERA published the consulting 
document 615/2021/R/com containing “Guidelines for developing ROSS-base regulations to 
apply to all regulated electricity and gas infrastructure services” which describes the 
methodological approach it intends to follow in developing ROSS systems (Regulation for 
Spending and Service Objectives), for tariff regulation of electricity and gas infrastructure 
services. The ROSS methodology will replace the current regulatory approach that entails 
separate recognition of operating and capital expense, in favour of a system based on the 
concept of “total reference spending”, the application of sharing ratios relative to total 
efficiency and the application of capitalisation rates set by the regulator. This new approach is 
currently still in the consulting stage. 
Biennial limitation 
With Resolution 184/2020/R/com, ARERA adapted the sector regulations to the provisions 
established by art. 1, paragraph 295 of the 2020 Budget Law, providing for the modification of 
the sentence to be included in the annex to the invoice containing amounts subject to limitations 
and eliminating the case of customer liability.  
COVID-19 health emergency 
With Resolution 60/2020/R/COM, ARERA ordered:

--- Page 265 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 262 - 
47-41037952 
 
• for all low voltage electricity customers and for all gas customers with consumption 
below 200,000 Sm, the suspension until 3 April 2020 of the credit protection regulations 
for non-performance in payment for bills that had expired on 10 March 2020; and 
• the establishment of a COVID-19 emergency account with CSEA, in order to ensure 
the financing of initiatives to support end customers. For the purpose of replenishing 
the account, the CSEA may use the stocks available in the other management accounts 
for an amount of up to Euro 1 billion, subsequently increased to Euro 1,5 billion by 
Resolution 95/2020/R/com. 
With subsequent Resolution 75/2020/R/com, in implementation of Italian Decree-Law 9/2020, 
in the annex to the same decree, ARERA ordered in favour of users located in the 11 
municipalities identified as "red zones”: 
• the suspension of the payment terms of bills issued or to be issued until 30 April 2020 
and of any invoice related to consumption for the period between the entry into force 
of Italian Decree-Law 9/20 (2 March 2020) and 30 April 2020; 
• the suspension of credit protection until 30 April for non-performance of payment 
obligations relating to bills or payment notices that had expired on the date of entry into 
force of Italian Decree-Law 9/20; and 
• the automatic payment by instalments of the amounts subject to suspension. 
Furthermore, in order to ensure the continuity of the disbursement of the social bonus to the 
citizens who are entitled to it, with Resolution 76/2020/R/com, the Authority ordered the 
postponement of the deadline by which customers can request its renewal, providing that for 
the period from 1 March to 30 April those that renew the request for bonus after the original 
deadline envisaged by the regulation, but in any case within 60 days after the end of the 
aforementioned suspension period, the continuity of the bonuses is guaranteed with retroactive 
validity from the original expiry date and for a period of 12 months. 
In parallel with the actions taken on behalf of final customers, the Authority also adapted 
regulations to the emergency situation, specifically: 
• Resolution 59/2020/R/com provides for the extension of a series of information 
obligations for sales companies, and clarified the application of regulations in the event 
of non-compliance with specific and general quality standards due to force majeure; 
and 
• Resolution 74/2020/R/com suspended until 31 May 2020 the deadlines of the 
investigation phase and the decision-making phase of proceedings that had already been 
initiated or would be initiated after the publication of said resolution, and granted the 
new deadline of 5 June 2020 with respect to the fulfilment of the decision-making phase 
that expired in the period between 23 February 2020 and the date of publication of the 
resolution itself. 
Moreover, with Determination 2/2020 - DACU DMRT, the Authority postponed the deadlines 
envisaged by the regulation for the communication of data referred to in articles 30, 32, 36 of 
ARERA’s “Integrated text of the regulation of the quality of electricity and natural gas sales 
services” (TIQV) and 19 of ARERA’s “Integrated text on preparatory measures for 
confirmation of electricity and/or natural gas supply contract and voluntary restoration 
procedure” (TIRV). Specifically, it deferred to 30 June 2020 the communication of the

--- Page 266 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 263 - 
47-41037952 
 
information requirements regarding the commercial quality of sales and telephone services for 
the year 2019. 
With Resolution 116/2020/R/com, the Authority took action on the provision of electricity 
transport and natural gas distribution services, establishing that: 
• if at least 70% of the total turnover has been paid with reference to low voltage 
withdrawal points, the regulation of defaults related to payment for transport bills due 
in April 2020 is suspended and the terms of the reminder or warning are extended by 
an additional 15 working days for transport bills due between 10 and 31 March 2020; 
• the suspension of the enforcement of the guarantees provided, or, in the absence of a 
guarantee provided, warnings to comply, if at least 80% of the amount of the 
distribution invoices due in April 2020 have been paid; 
• the phase of the default procedure in place on the date of entry into force of the 
resolution and relating to payments due from 10 March 2020 is extended by 15 working 
days; 
• in the electricity sector, in order to meet the requirement of regular payments, with 
regard to the guarantees provided, the distributor shall not take into account delays for 
transport invoices due in April 2020 (if at least 70% of turnover is paid with regard to 
low voltage withdrawal points). Furthermore, the user is required to renew the 
guarantees at the latest by the end of the third month prior to the expiry of the guarantee. 
In cases of request for an increase/presentation of a guarantee, the terms are extended 
by an additional 15 working days; 
• in the gas sector, the deadline for adjusting the financial guarantee for loss of rating 
requirements or due to an increase in redelivery points is extended by an additional 15 
working days; 
• in the event of a decision to downgrade ratings as a result of the current emergency, the 
minimum BB+ level of Standard&Poor's Corporation or Ba1 of Moody's Investor 
Service will be provisionally recognised, and for the electricity sector the BB+ level of 
Fitch Ratings will be assumed, or in any case equivalent levels; and 
• distribution companies have the right to pay only a portion of the general system 
charges actually collected: 80% of the turnover relating to low voltage withdrawal 
points for the electricity sector and 90% of the total turnover for gas. 
Finally, with Resolution 121/2020/R/eel, the Authority amended – at least temporarily and until 
30 June 2020 – the current regulation of imbalances with the intention of mitigating the 
increased negative effects on operators of imbalances that occurred during this emergency, an 
emergency that caused both a drastic fall in electricity consumption and a lasting increase in 
scheduling difficulties for dispatching users due to a discontinuous resumption of operations 
not manageable through normal forecasting. The Authority established that operators can 
submit their comments by 15 May 2020. The ACEA Group presented its observations noting 
that the methods of measuring the imbalances envisaged by the resolution (cap and floor) could 
create distortions in the market due to the different method of calculating the two range values, 
proposing a deductible mechanism instead.  
With Resolution 207/2020/R/COM, the Authority confirmed the transitional valuation of the 
current imbalances during the COVID-19 epidemiological emergency envisaged by Resolution

--- Page 267 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 264 - 
47-41037952 
 
121/2020/R/eel for the period from 10 March 2020 to 30 June 2020, considering these forecasts 
sufficient for the relevant purposes and therefore rejecting all comments on Resolution 
121/2020 received from operators. 
With Resolution 124/2020/R/com the Authority further amended Resolution 60/2020/R/com, 
again extending the procedures for the suspension of electricity, gas and water supplies until 3 
May 2020, in line with the Italian Ministerial Decree of 10 April 2020. The deadlines for the 
identification of invoices that will be compulsorily subject to instalments pursuant to previous 
Resolution 117 were also adjusted in order to take into account the extension. 
With resolution 140/2020/R/COM the Authority extended the urgent provisions referred to in 
resolution 76/2020/R/com of the Authority on the electricity bonus, gas bonus and social water 
bonus: for consumers whose bonus expires in the period from 1 March to 31 May 2020, the 
option is given to renew the application for the bonus beyond the original deadline, extending 
it until 31 July 2020. 
Once the application is accepted, the bonus will be guaranteed continuously and retroactively 
from the original expiry. The renewal has the usual total duration of 12 months. 
With Resolution 148/2020/R/COM, the Authority amended Resolution 60/2020/R/com, 
extending until 17 May – for domestic electricity customers only and for domestic gas 
customers with consumption not exceeding 200,000 cubic metres/year – the measures with 
which it had established the blocking of the suspension of electricity, gas and water supplies. 
On the same date, with resolution 149/2020/R/COM the Authority took action by amending 
resolution 116/2020/R/COM, extending until 1 June the period of suspension of protection 
against user defaults with regard to transport invoices, if at least 70% of total turnover has been 
paid for low voltage withdrawal points. The same suspension period was established for gas 
users as long as they have paid at least 80% of the invoiced amount. Moreover, the measure 
states that interest shall not apply in the case of late payment for the period subject to 
suspension. 
With Resolution 177/2020/R/eel, the Authority: 
• Deferred to 15 June the deadline for the publication of the detailed plans of the mass 
phase of second half of 2020 and to 15 December 2020 for the first half of 2021. 
• Set 15 September 2020 as the deadline for the request for admission to the recognition 
of investments for 2G smart metering installation plans to be launched in 2021. 
Resolution 213/2020/R/com also provides for a series of temporary exceptions for the year 
2020 with respect to the installation plans for 2G smart metering systems in view of the 
epidemiological emergency and its impact on the replacement of meters. 
On 19 May 2020, the Italian Relaunch Decree Law was published and came into force on that 
same day. The law included measures affecting the following areas: 
• Charges for electricity bills for non-domestic low voltage customers with power greater 
than 3 Kw, providing for the reduction of the expenditure related to the electricity 
portion by applying only a reduced fixed amount for the months of May, June and July 
2020;

--- Page 268 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 265 - 
47-41037952 
 
• Electricity distribution tariffs and metering and general system charges, providing for 
the transitional redetermination of those tariffs to be applied between 1 May and 31 
July 2020. 
In implementation of the Relaunch Law Decree, Resolution 190/20/R/eel was published on the 
reduction of tariffs for low voltage nondomestic users. With this document, the Authority 
established that: 
• for the months of May, June and July only, the reduction of the metered distribution 
tariffs and general charges (ASOS and the ARIM (i.e. the remaining overhead charges, 
rimanenti oneri generali, “ARIM”) components) for other LV users; 
• if bills have already been issued for May, any adjustments due pursuant to the resolution 
must be made within the second subsequent bill; 
• for each month of the period of reference, specific LV users are granted a refund if the 
maximum power withdrawn in the month does not exceed 2.0 kW. This refund is 
granted by the distribution companies to the sales companies by 30 September 2020 
and by the latter to customers by 30 November 2020; 
Subsequently, with Resolution 192/2020/R/COM the Authority further extended the urgent 
measures on the provision of electricity transport and natural gas distribution services by 
amending and updating Resolution 116/2020/R/com, in turn extended and updated with 
149/2020/R/com. Specifically: 
• with regard to electricity transmission bills due in June 2020 and gas distribution bills 
due after 1 June and until 30 June, the payment threshold for which the suspension of 
default procedures by distributors is envisaged was raised: for the electricity sector, 
(from 70%) to at least 90% of the LV points billed, and for the gas sector (from 80%) 
to at least 90% of the amount billed for gas; 
• adjusted the amounts that the distribution companies in turn pay to the system to the 
new thresholds; 
• the provisions on ratings and regularity of payments were extended until 30 June. 
With subsequent Resolution 248/2020/R/com which followed DCO 193/2020/R/com, the 
Authority made provisions for the final payment of any amounts only partially paid as a result 
of Resolution 116/2020/R/com as amended. In particular, the Authority ordered the seller to 
settle the payments partially made for the transport invoices due in April, May and June in a 
single payment by September 2020, or in three monthly interest-free instalments due from 
September. In that same resolution, the Authority did not confirm the proposal to anticipate the 
previous general system charges mechanism in favour of the sellers because the positions of 
the various operators were too divergent during consultations and therefore it decided to resume 
the work of the operational forum established at the beginning of 2020 in a more expeditious 
manner. Finally, with regard to the guarantees of the credit rating, the Authority ordered that 
the rating of the user (or the parent company) continue for a further 12 months from the 
downgrade if the rating – downgraded as a result of the health emergency – is at least BB+ or 
equivalent. 
Following the “D.L. Sostegni Bis”, the Authority, with Resolution 278/2021/R/com, 
reformulated the metered distribution tariffs and general charges (ASOS and arim) for other 
LV users for the months of July, August and September 2021.

--- Page 269 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 266 - 
47-41037952 
 
Measures to limit bill price increases 
The “Bills Decree” was issued with the aim to limit the effects of the increased price of raw 
gas and electricity during the last quarter of 2021. In particular, it provided for: 
• the reduction of the VAT rate in the natural gas sector to 5 per cent for the supply of 
methane gas for civil and industrial combustion use, applicable to invoices issued for 
estimated or actual consumption for the months of October, November and December 
2021;  
• as for the electricity sector, the reduction of the general system charges for all electricity 
users for the fourth quarter of 2021. In particular, it cancelled the general charges for 
LV domestic and non-domestic users with power available up to 16.5 kW.  
The Authority subsequently published Resolution 396/2021/R/com, which implemented the 
provisions of the Bills Decree. In relation to electricity billing in the last quarter of 2021, the 
Authority cancelled the rates of the ASOS and ARIM tariff components for all domestic users 
and other LV users with power available up to 16.5 kW. In the natural gas sector, the measure 
cancelled the rates of the RE, RET, GS and GST tariff components for October, November and 
December 2021. 
Resolution 396/2021/R/com also introduced an additional social bonus for the billing period 
from 1 October to 31 December 2021 and provided for an increase, for 2021, of the deductibles 
within which penalties for delays in the commissioning forecasts are not activated. However, 
these penalties were not completely suspended, as happened in 2020 (the deductible goes from 
95% to 90% for companies that started the PMS2 in the years prior to 2021). 
Law no. 234/2021 (the “2022 Budget Law”) established that domestic customers, in the event 
of non-fulfillment of bills, can ask for a payment delay up to 10 months, without any interests. 
Moreover, Decree Law no. 21/2022 established that companies based in Italy, final customers 
of electricity and natural gas, can ask for a payment delay related to energy consumption in 
May 2022 and June 2022 up to a maximum of 24 monthly payment. 
Social bonus 
As desired by the Authority, with Italian Law Decree 124/19 automatic recognition of the social 
bonus was established for those entitled from 2021, and with subsequent Resolution 
14/2020/R/com and CD 204/2020/R/com the Authority initiated the procedure for defining the 
implementation of the provisions of the decree-law. 
In October 2020, the Authority launched a focus group during which it illustrated three possible 
cases as regards the timing and methods for awarding and disbursing the national bonuses in 
the automatic mechanism. In particular, as well as a first case (preferred by the operators) that 
provides for the subsidy period being the same for each year (case in continuity with the current 
bonus disbursement system) in which, in addition, the disbursement accrues in relation to the 
period of possession of the point by each vendor, the Authority presented a second case that 
provides for the disbursement period covering the entire calendar year and for the disbursement 
being made only and for the entire period of the said vendor in possession of the point at the 
moment of acceptance of the application by the Italian’s social security agency (“INPS”) and 
IIS; finally, in the third case the Authority provided for the subsidy period having start and end 
date on the basis of the date of transmission and acceptance of the application by INPS and IIS,

--- Page 270 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 267 - 
47-41037952 
 
with the possibility of simultaneous disbursements of several subsidies with different annual 
accrual. 
Economic offsetting of arrears owing to fraudulent withdrawals 
With Resolution 568/2018/R/eel the Authority initiated a process to modify the mechanism in 
question in order to better incentivise the collection of receivables and to better manage some 
timing, and therefore suspended the regulation governing the collections mechanism for all 
arrears deriving from fraudulent withdrawals (16-bis of the TIV). 
Following DCO 49/2019, with subsequent resolution 119/2019/R/eel the Authority reinstated 
the rule governing the mechanism, introducing new provisions. 
Among the primary developments, with regard to sales: 
• the introduction of a reduction in the amounts compensated through the mechanism if 
bills containing fraudulent withdrawals are issued more than 45 days (90 days for 
applications submitted in 2019 on issued in 2016 and in 2020 on issued in 2017) from 
the date of receipt of the measurement data reconstructed by the distributing company 
(-10% for each month of delay, up to a maximum of -50%); 
• the obligation to issue a separate bill in almost full compliance with the provisions of 
Bill 2.0 regarding the availability of details and methods of issue. 
With the same measure, the Authority therefore specified the timing related to the application 
to be submitted in 2019 (by September 30, 2019) and regulated the case of fraudulent 
withdrawals in the absence of a contract, stating that: 
• within 3 working days prior to the provision of fraudulent consumption data, the 
distributor transmits to the IIS the update flow of the OCR for activation following 
fraudulent withdrawals that contains the identification data of the person to whom 
fraudulent withdrawals are billed (for this flow, which will come into force from 1 
October 2019, the IIS operator has adapted the technical specifications of the OCR 
update "on condition"); 
• within one working day from the transmission referred to in the previous point, the IIS 
will provide the main utility provider with this flow. 
Finally, the Authority postponed to a subsequent provision the adoption of measures to improve 
the efficiency of the management of fraudulent withdrawals by distribution companies and the 
regulation relating to the disconnection of withdrawal points subject to fraudulent withdrawals. 
With Resolution 240/2020/R/eel, in implementation of the provisions of the regional 
administrative court, the Authority amended the mechanism to include only bills issued from 
April 2019. 
Network Code 
The Authority with Resolution 261/2020/R/eel amended the standard Network Code of the 
transport service starting from January 2021. In particular it provided for: 
• the reduction of the contractual termination times providing for the elimination of 
sending of the payment reminder by the distributor; a reduction in the times for sending 
the notice from 7 to 4 working days; a reduction of the guarantees from the estimate of

--- Page 271 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 268 - 
47-41037952 
 
3 to 2 months of providing the service; a reduction of the maximum amount covered by 
the guarantees (from the estimate of 5 to 4 months of providing the service); 
• actions on the adjustment of the guarantees. For example in the context of the quarterly 
checks, the checking threshold for the periodic adjustment of the amount to be 
guaranteed (“GAR amount”) is diversified on the basis of the GAR amount already 
released; in the case of significant upward adjustment of the exposure, the user that has 
given a guarantee through the rating must issue a guarantee of a traditional type to cover 
the portion related the new PODs; 
• insurance sureties are permitted only if issued by an insurance institution accredited to 
operate in Italy that holds a certain credit rating judgement. 
The Authority with the same resolution clarified also that regularity in payments must be 
checked with exclusive reference to the cycle and rectification invoices, that is only invoices 
with an already standardised trace. In addition it clarified that distributor companies for 
checking the regularity must not take into account payment of invoices for which the average 
days of delay in the payment is less than 4,5 days. 
The Authority published Resolution 490/2020/R/eel following the requests for clarifications 
that it received in relation to the methods of applying Resolution 261/2020/R/eel. In particular 
with Resolution 490/2020/R/eel the Authority intervened in relation to the case of non-payment 
of invoices by a User that gives as guarantee the rating judgement and at the same time also a 
so-called “traditional” guarantee for the GAR amount limited to new PODs (“GARnewPOD 
amount”). In this case, after the notice to perform has been sent by the distributor company, if 
the user does not make the said payment within the deadlines established by the Code, the 
distributor proceeds to enforcement of the guarantee and to the request at the same time of 
reintegration with a so-called “traditional” guarantee for the entire amount to be guaranteed, 
that is, in practice, the rating guarantee expires and a reintegration corresponding to a maximum 
of 4 months (GAR+ GARmag (i.e. increased GAR Amount)) is made. 
If the traditional guarantee is insufficient with respect to the user’s debt exposure, the 
distributor company, as well as enforcing the guarantee, terminates the transport contract. 
With Resolution 583/2020/R/eel the Authority intervened to amend the previous Resolution 
490/2020/R/eel. In particular if the traditional guarantee is insufficient with respect to the users 
debt exposure, the distributor company proceeds, at the same time as the enforcement, no 
longer to the immediate termination of the transport contract, but to a request for reintegration 
of the guarantee, to be made within the next 7 working days, and to a new notice to pay the 
amounts of the invoice due within the next 7 working days, after which, if the guarantee is not 
restored and at the same time the amounts due are not paid in full, the transport contract must 
be understood as terminated. 
Subsequently, the Authority published Resolution 81/2021/R/com, further amending the 
previous provisions (Resolution 116/2020/R/COM, Resolution 248/2020/R/COM, Resolution 
261/2020/R/EEL and Resolution 490/2020/R/EEL) relating to the general transport conditions 
of the guarantees to be submitted to distributors. More specifically, this resolution introduced: 
• an extension of the derogation recognised for the admissible credit rating in the event 
of a downgrade due to the COVID-19 health emergency, applicable for additional 12 
months from confirmation of the rating;

--- Page 272 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 269 - 
47-41037952 
 
• an extension of the admissible insurance sureties to the ones issued by institutions 
controlled by companies with the required rating, pursuant to Art. 2359, paragraphs 1 
and 2 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Continuity of the service 
With the Integrated text on output-based regulation in force from 1 January 2020, the Authority 
introduced the possibility for the DSOs to present regulatory experiments to improve the 
service quality in particularly critical contexts. A specific feature of these experiments is the 
suspension of the penalties for the experimental period and their non-retroactive application if 
the target levels for the indicators of number and duration of interruptions without notice, set 
by the current regulations, are achieved. 
In this context, ARETI presented its proposal, outlining a process for improving the technical 
quality indicators different from that defined by the ordinary regulation. This proposal was 
approved by the Authority with Determination 20/2020 of this past 20 November. 
Very briefly, the measure postpones to 2024 the calculation of the bonuses and penalties for 
the entire four-year period 2020-2023 and provides for the activation of an additional bonus 
mechanism if the target proposed for 2023 is achieved and the effective annual levels achieved 
are better than those proposed in the experimentation. Two specifications: 
• the total bonus obtained cannot be more than that achievable in the ordinary regulation; 
• in the event of non-achievement of the improvement commitment indicated, ARETI 
must pay any penalties that it would have incurred in the four-year period, in the 
absence of an extension. 
As regards the 2019 accrual, the national service continuity results were made known with 
Resolution 462/2020/R/eel; these confirmed for ARETI a penalty of Euro 5.4 million. 
Resilience Plan 
With Resolution 500/2020/R/eel the 2020-2022 resilience plan sent by Areti on 30 June 2020, 
including the final results of the actions completed in 2019, was approved: for actions already 
previously included in the 2019-2021 plan and not yet completed the completion dates were 
confirmed, without taking into consideration the delaying effects associated with the 
emergency situation in progress. 
In addition, Resolution 563/2020/R/eel awarded to the Company the bonus of approximately € 
3.1 Mln with reference to the actions completed in 2019. 
With Resolution 536/2021, the Authority established which interventions to increase 
distribution network resilience, related to the 2021-2023 resilience plan, qualify for bonuses 
and/or penalties. Also, Resolution 537/2021/R/EEL determined the bonuses and penalties 
relating to the electricity distribution network resilience increase interventions concluded in 
2020. 
Energy efficiency certificates and tariff contribution awarded to distributors 
On 14 July 2020, Resolution 270/2020/R/efr was published; this contained the new rules for 
defining the tariff contribution to cover the costs incurred by DSOs with regard to obligations 
arising from the mechanism of energy efficiency certificates. The measure confirms the value 
of the cap on the tariff contribution of Euro 250/TEE and introduces, starting from the current

--- Page 273 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 270 - 
47-41037952 
 
obligation year, a consideration additional to this contribution, to be awarded to each distributor 
for each TEE used to comply with its obligations. On the one hand, ARERA repeats that it 
considers the cap an instrument necessary to limit the changes in market prices, on the other, it 
considers opportune to provide for an additional consideration in support of distributors in the 
light of the economic losses that they are forced to incur owing to the scarcity of TEEs available. 
On 13 October 2020 the Company presented an appeal for cancellation of the resolution. 
The resolution, in addition, introduced the possibility of requesting from CSEA the 
extraordinary consideration in advance of 18% of the specific target for the 2019 obligation 
year, in order to finance distributors which having already acquired TEEs at the beginning of 
the period, then suffered the negative effects of the extensions of the end date of the obligation 
year laid down in the Italian Relaunch Decree Law (30 November 2020). ARETI presented an 
application on 31 August 2020. 
In December 2020, Resolution 550/2020/R/efr confirmed the value of Euro 250/TEE for the 
tariff contribution awarded for the 2019 obligation year and fixed at Euro 4.49/TEE the value 
of the additional consideration. 
On 31 May 2021, the Decree of the Ministry for the Ecological Transition containing the 
“Determination of national energy saving. Targets that could be pursued by electricity and gas 
distribution companies for 2021-2024 (so-called white certificates)” extended the expiry of the 
2020 obligation year to 16 July 2021. The Authority subsequently published Determination 
6/2021-DMRT, whereby it determined the primary energy saving obligations for electricity 
and natural gas distributors for the 2020 obligation year. 
On 3 August 2021, the Authority issued Resolution 358/2021/R/efr, with which it confirmed 
the cap at Euro 250/TEE and the additional unit fee at Euro 10/TEE. In light of the extension 
of the deadline for the 2020 obligation year to 16 July 2021 and the regulatory uncertainty still 
existing in the run up to this deadline, the Authority published Resolution 547/2021/R/efr, in 
which it confirmed its intentions stated in DCO 359/2021/R/efr. In particular, the Authority 
established that electricity and natural gas distributors will be granted an exceptional additional 
component of Euro 7.26/TEE for each certificate delivered at the end of the 2020 obligation 
year, applicable to their own specific target for that obligation year and to any remaining 
portions of the targets for the 2018 and 2019 obligation years, but not beyond the threshold of 
their own updated specific target. The exceptional component was envisaged to cover the extra 
costs incurred by operators for the difficulties in procuring the TEE needed for the upcoming 
target deadlines. 
Electric mobility 
With Resolution 541/2020/R/eel the Authority launched national experimentation destined for 
LV customers, aimed at facilitating the installation of e-car rechargers in private areas. 
Acceptance is voluntary and free and access is subordinated to observance of a number of 
conditions: 
• the customer must be at LV with contractually committed power of not more than 4.5 
kW and not less than 2 kW; 
• the POD must be fitted with a 1G o 2G remotely-managed meter. In this second case, 
any multi-hour bands set by the vendor must enable identification of the withdrawals 
made in night, weekend and holiday bands;

--- Page 274 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 271 - 
47-41037952 
 
• a recharging device must be electrically connected to the meter; this device must at least 
be capable of: 
o measuring and recording the active recharging power and transmitting this 
figure to an external subject (e.g. an aggregator); 
o reducing/increasing or reinstating the maximum recharging power. 
• customers must give their consent to checks and controls also in their homes and are 
required to communicate promptly any change to the system or contract that occurs 
during the experimentation. 
The application of the experimentation runs from 1 July 2020 and lasts until 31 December 2023. 
Resolution 352/2021/R/eel launched a trial of the most appropriate regulatory solutions for 
the procurement of local ancillary services provided by distribution operators, for the 
associated remuneration. The trial takes into account the definitions and general principles 
already found in the European regulatory framework.

--- Page 275 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 272 - 
47-41037952 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Italian, US, Luxembourg and EU tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. They apply to a holder of Notes only if such holder 
purchases its Notes under this Programme. It is a general summary related to certain 
categories of investors in the Notes and it does not cover other matters and all categories of 
investors in the Notes and it does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. It does not discuss every aspect 
of taxation that may be relevant to a holder of Notes if such holder is subject to special 
circumstances or if such holder is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
Furthermore, it does not cover the tax regime of notes similar to shares. This summary assumes 
that the Issuer is resident only in Italy for tax purposes (without a permanent establishment 
abroad) and that the Issuer is a company listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and is organised 
(and its business will be conducted) as outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer’s 
tax residence, organisational structure or in the manner in which the Issuer conducts its 
business may invalidate this summary. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments 
of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such 
actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date which changes could be made 
on a retroactive basis. The issuer will not update this summary to reflect changes in laws and 
if any such changes occur the information in this summary could become invalid. 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended (“Decree 239”) provides 
for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other 
income (including the difference between repayment amount and the issue price) from notes 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni), issued, inter alia, (i) by public entities transformed in limited companies, 
pursuant to specific law provisions and (ii) by company listed in a regulated market. 
Decree 239 applies, inter alia, provided that: 
(i) 
interest, premium and other income relating to notes are not entirely linked to the 
economic performance of the Issuer or of other companies belonging to the same group 
as the Issuer or of the business in relation to which the Notes have been issued; 
(ii) 
bonds and debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and 
which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or of control 
of) to management of the Issuer or of the business in relation to which they have been 
issued. 
Italian resident Noteholders

--- Page 276 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 273 - 
47-41037952 
 
Where the Italian resident Noteholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the relevant Notes are connected; (b) a non commercial partnership; (c) a non 
commercial private or public institution; or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate 
income taxation (unless the Noteholders under (a), (b), or (c) opted for the application of the 
“risparmio gestito” regime — see under “Capital gains tax”, below), interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes, paid, are subject to a substitute tax, referred to as imposta 
sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that Noteholders described under (a) 
and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the 
imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and may be deducted from the taxation on 
income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law 
No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “Finance Act 2017”) as amended by Article 1(26) of Law 
No. 234 of 30 December 2021, or in Article 1(211-215) of Law no. 145 of 30 December 2018 
(the “Finance Act 2019”), or in Article 13-bis of Decree-Law no. 124 of 26 October 2019 (the 
“Tax Decree 2019”) and Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, as subsequently amended by 
Article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020 and by Article 1(27) of Law No. 234 of 
30 December 2021, depending on the date of incorporation of the relevant “piano di risparmio 
a lungo termine”. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including 
commercial trusts) or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the 
Notes are effectively connected and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, 
but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject 
to general Italian corporate income taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
“status” of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted 
into law with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), as clarified 
by the Italian Revenue Agency (Agenzia delle Entrate) through Circular No. 47/E of 8 August 
2003 and Circular No. 11/E of 28 March 2012, payments of interest, premiums or other 
proceeds in respect of the notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established 
pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian Real Estate 
SICAFs (“Real Estate SICAFs”) (“Società di investimento a capitale fisso”) are subject 
neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a real estate fund, but 
subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders are subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. Furthermore, under some conditions, 
incomes realised by the real estate funds are subject to taxation in the hands of unitholders or 
shareholders regardless of the distribution of the proceeds. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund or a 
SICAF (“Società d’investimento a capital fisso”) or a SICAV (“Società di investimento a 
capitale variabile”) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) 
their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the “Italian Fund”), and 
the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income

--- Page 277 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 274 - 
47-41037952 
 
accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the management results of the Italian Fund. The Italian Fund will not be 
subject to taxation on such results but a substitute tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the “Collective 
Investment Fund Substitute Tax”), with certain adjustments. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited 
with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and 
accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject 
to a 20 per cent. substitute tax.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
pension funds and social security institutions, regulated under Legislative Decree No. 509 of 
30 June 1994, and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996, may be exempt from any 
income taxation, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017 (as amended by Article 
1(26) of Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021) or in Article 1(211-215) of the Finance Act 2019, 
or in Article 13-bis of Decree-Law no. 124 of 26 October 2019 (the “Tax Decree 2019”) and 
Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, as subsequently amended by Article 68 of Law Decree 
No. 104 of 14 August 2020 and by by Article 1(27 ) of Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021), 
depending on the date of incorporation of the relevant “piano di risparmio a lungo termine”. 
Furthermore, subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding 
period), Italian pension funds and social security institutions regulated under Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996, may be 
exempt from any income taxation on distribution made by certain collective investment funds 
which mainly invest in specific qualified assets and hold (not mainly) notes. Pursuant to Decree 
239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies, SGRs, stockbrokers 
and other entities identified by a decree of the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance 
("MEF") (each an “Intermediary”). 
An Intermediary must (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non 
Italian resident financial intermediary; and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of 
interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change 
of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any entity paying interest to a Noteholder. 
Non Italian tax resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non Italian tax resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided 
that the non Italian tax resident beneficial owner is either 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy (the “White List States”) as listed in the Italian Ministerial 
Decree dated 4 September 1996 as recently amended by Italian Ministerial Decree

--- Page 278 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 275 - 
47-41037952 
 
dated 23 March 2017, and as amended from time to time periodically according to 
Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 as amended by Legislative Decree No. 147 of September 
2015; or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State; or 
(d) 
an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer 
in its own country of establishment. 
In order to ensure gross payment, certain procedural requirements must be satisfied. In brief, 
non resident investors must be the beneficial owners of payments of interest, premium or other 
income and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a bank or a SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non resident bank or SIM or with a non resident operator of a clearing 
system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 a resident bank or 
SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy or a non resident bank or SIM which are in contact 
via computer with the MEF and (b) timely file with the relevant depositary a statement of the 
relevant Noteholder, to be provided only once, until revoked or withdrawn, in which the 
Noteholder declares to be eligible to (and requires) benefit from the applicable exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities 
set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in 
the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign 
State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree 12 December 2001. 
In any case specific procedures shall have to be verified on a case by case basis. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to interest, premium or 
other income paid to Noteholders who do not qualify for the exemption. 
Noteholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or 
partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant Noteholder. 
Furthermore, on 7 June 2017, over 70 states signed the Multilateral Convention to implement 
tax treaty related measures to prevent base erosion and profit shifting. 
Atypical Securities 
Any proceeds relating to Notes that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni), debentures 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares pursuant 
to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, 
(c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership 
or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional 
withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non Italian resident, the 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding 
tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty.

--- Page 279 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 276 - 
47-41037952 
 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes if realised (i) by an 
Italian company or (ii) a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent 
establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or (iii) Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, would be 
treated as part of the taxable income subject to corporation tax (IRES) generally applied at a 
rate equal to 24% - (save for the cases in which the additional IRES rate equal to 10,5% 
applies). In certain cases, (depending on the status of the Noteholder), capital gains are also 
included in the taxable net value of production of Italian resident corporate entities (including 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively 
connected) for IRAP purposes, generally applying at 3.9% rate (depending on the activity 
performed and where the latter is carried out). The gains are calculated as the difference 
between the sale price and the relevant tax basis of the Notes. Upon fulfilment of certain 
conditions, the gains may be taxed in equal instalments over up to five fiscal years for IRES 
purposes. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not holding the Notes in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity; (ii) a non commercial partnership; (iii) a non commercial 
private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or 
redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate 
of 26 per cent. pursuant to the provisions set forth by the Legislative Decree of the 21 
November 1997, No. 461 (“Decree 461”).  
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any interest on the Notes accrued and 
unpaid up to the time of, respectively, the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted 
both from the purchase price and the sale price. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) just above, 
under certain conditions, may opt for one of the three regimes described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
the relevant Noteholders, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the relevant 
Noteholders pursuant to all sales or transfer or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any 
given tax year. Relevant Noteholders must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax 
year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta 
sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital 
losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of 
the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, relevant Noteholders may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the 
relevant Notes (the “risparmio amministrato” regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains 
is allowed subject to (i) Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised 
financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries); and (ii) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely 
made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for 
imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of 
Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of 
any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities 
on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited

--- Page 280 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 277 - 
47-41037952 
 
to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or transfer or redemption of Notes results in a 
capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital 
gains in its annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by relevant Noteholders who have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so 
called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. 
substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito 
regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward 
against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
realised in its annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from Italian 
capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the 
Finance Act 2017 (as amended by Article 1(26) of Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021) or in 
Article 1(211–215) of the Finance Act 2019, or in Article 13-bis of Decree-Law no. 124 of 26 
October 2019 (the “Tax Decree 2019”) and Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, as 
subsequently amended by Article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020 and by Article 
1(27) of Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021, depending on the date of incorporation of the 
relevant “piano di risparmio a lungo termine”. According to article 1(221-226) of Finance Act 
2020 (Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020), under some conditions, capital losses realised upon 
sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets specific requirements, give rise to a tax credit 
amounting to the lower of the capital losses and the 20% of the amount invested in the long-
term saving accounts (piano di risparmio a lungo termine). 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian Fund will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will 
not be taxed with the Italian Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Substitute Tax (with certain 
adjustments). 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will 
be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be 
subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
pension funds and social security institutions regulated under Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 
June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996, may be exempt from any 
income taxation, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in the Finance Act 2017 (as amended by Article 1(26) of Law No. 234 
of 30 December 2021) or in the Finance Act 2019 and Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, or

--- Page 281 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 278 - 
47-41037952 
 
in Article 13-bis of Decree-Law no. 124 of 26 October 2019 (the “Tax Decree 2019”) as 
subsequently amended by Article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020 and by Article 
1(27) of Law No. 234 of 30 December 2021, depending on the date of incorporation of the 
relevant “piano di risparmio a lungo termine”. 
Furthermore, subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding 
period), Italian pension funds and social security institutions regulated under Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996, may be 
exempt from any income taxation on distribution made by certain collective investment funds 
which mainly invests in specific qualified assets and hold (not mainly) notes.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident real estate fund and the Real Estate SICAFs to 
which the provisions of Decree 351, as subsequently amended, apply will be subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate fund or Real Estate 
SICAFs. 
Capital gains realised by non Italian resident Noteholders from the sale, early redemption or 
redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, 
provided that the Notes are traded on regulated markets. 
Capital gains realised by non Italian resident Noteholders from the sale, early redemption or 
redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, 
provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy; or (b) is an international entity or body set up 
in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a 
Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(d) is an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its 
own country of establishment. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non Italian resident 
Noteholders from the sale or transfer or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer 
are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
In any event, non Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with 
Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of 
Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject 
to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or 
redemption of Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(e) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance 
or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(f) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives in law to the third degree, 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire

--- Page 282 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 279 - 
47-41037952 
 
value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to 
the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
(g) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate 
of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
A particular regime could be applicable in relation to the indirect donation (“liberalità 
indirette”). 
Moreover, Law No. 112 of 24 June 2016 provides some specific reliefs for contribution in trust 
incorporated in favour of persons with severe disabilities. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities 
are subject to the following registration tax: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to 
fixed registration tax at a lump sum of €200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax 
only in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty (bollo) 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 
(“Decree 642”), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting 
communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for the Notes deposited 
therewith and in any case once per year. As of 1 January 2014, the stamp duty applies at a rate 
of 0.2 per cent. and, for taxpayers different from individual, cannot exceed €14,000; this stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available 
– the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. Based on the wording of the law 
and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, the 
stamp duty applies to any investor who is a “client” (as defined in the regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad (IVAFE) 
According to the provisions set forth by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended and 
supplemented (lastly by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020), individuals, non- 
profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance 
with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for tax 
purposes holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at 
a rate of 0.2 per cent. (for taxpayers different from individual, cannot exceed €14,000). In this 
case the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 
642 does not apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no 
market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial 
assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent 
to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an 
amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).

--- Page 283 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 280 - 
47-41037952 
 
Are excluded from the scope of the Wealth Tax the financial assets held abroad if administered 
by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the 
above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 
does apply. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law 
No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and 
certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under 
certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax 
return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within 
the same time as prescribed for the income tax return) the amount of investments (including 
the Notes) directly or indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) 
Notes deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts 
entered into through the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon 
condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same 
intermediaries. 
EU Savings Tax Directive and exchange of information regime 
On 10 November 2015, the Council of the European Union adopted a Council Directive (EU) 
2015/2060 of 10 November 2015, which repeals (from 1 January 2017 in the case of Austria 
and from 1 January 2016 in the case of all other EU Member States) the EC Council Directive 
2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income (the “EU Savings Tax Directive”) in order to 
prevent overlap between the EU Savings Directive and a new automatic exchange of 
information regime provided by Council Directive 2011/16/EU as amended by Council 
Directive 2014/107/EU (“Amending Directive”). 
Under EU Savings Tax Directive Member States were required to provide to the tax authorities 
of another Member State details of payments of interest (or similar income) paid by a person 
within its jurisdiction to an individual resident in that other Member State or to certain limited 
types of entity known as “residual entities” as defined in article 4.2 of the EU Savings Tax 
Directive established in that other Member State. 
A number of non EU countries, and certain dependent or associated territories of certain 
Member States, have adopted similar measures (either provision of information or transitional 
withholding) in relation to payments made by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected 
by such a person for, an individual resident or certain limited types of entity established in a 
Member State. In addition, the Member States have entered into provision of information or 
transitional withholding arrangements with certain of those dependent or associated territories 
in relation to payments made by a person in a Member State to, or collected by such a person 
for, an individual resident or certain limited types of entity established in one of those 
territories. Furthermore, the EU and Switzerland, entered into an agreement for exchange of 
information as of 1 January 2017.

--- Page 284 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 281 - 
47-41037952 
 
In particular, on 24 March 2014, the Council of the European Union formally adopted the 
Amending Directive which has amended the Council Directive 2011/16/EU in accordance with 
the Global Standard released by Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development in 
July 2014 (Common Reporting Standard). Member States had until 1 January 2016 to adopt 
the national legislation necessary to comply with the Amending Directive. The changes made 
under the Amending Directive include extending the scope of the EU Savings Tax Directive to 
payments made to, or collected for, certain other entities and legal arrangements. They also 
broaden the definition of “interest payment” to cover income that is equivalent to interest. 
Implementation in Italy of the Amending Directive and exchange of information 
Article 28 of Law 7 July 2016, No. 122 (published on the Italian Official Gazette 8 July 2016, 
No. 158 and in force as of 23 July 2016) as of 1 January 2016, repeals the Legislative Decree 
No. 84 of 18 April 2005 (“Decree 84”) which implemented in Italy the EU Savings Directive. 
Such law also set forth some specific rules governing the transitional period. 
Under Decree No. 84, subject to a number of important conditions being met, in the case of 
interest paid to individuals which qualified as beneficial owners of the interest payment and 
were resident for tax purposes in another Member State, Italian qualified paying agents had to 
report to the Italian tax authorities details of the relevant payments and personal information 
on the individual beneficial owner and had not to apply the withholding tax. Such information 
was transmitted by the Italian tax authorities to the competent foreign tax authorities of the 
State of residence of the beneficial owner. 
On 9 July 2015, the Italian Parliament adopted Law No. 114, which delegates the Italian 
Government to implement in Italy, certain EU Directives, including the Amending Directive, 
by January 1, 2016. 
Such Law delegates the Italian Government to implement in Italy the Amending Directive, 
which is aimed at broadening the intra-EU automatic exchange of information, in order to fight 
cross-border tax fraud and evasion. 
With Ministerial Decree 28 December 2015 (published on the Italian Official Gazette 31 
December 2015, No. 303) Italy has implemented the Amending Directive as of 1 January 2016. 
In this respect, the Ministerial Decree 24 April 2018 (published on the Official Gazette No. 
104 of 7 May 2018) amended the Ministerial Decree 28 December 2015, updating the list of 
(i) jurisdictions that are object of automatic exchange of information and of (ii) jurisdictions 
with which such exchange takes place (“giurisdizioni partecipanti”). 
Furthermore, Italy entered into several agreements for exchange of information also with non 
EU countries. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers also on this respect. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in 
Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
“participating Member States”). 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to 
certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt.

--- Page 285 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 282 - 
47-41037952 
 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established 
in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
“established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) 
by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
is the subject of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the 
timing of which remains unclear. 
According to what reported the Note No. 15082/18 released on December 6, 2018, Council of 
the European Union clarified that at the High-Level Working Party on tax question, 
participating Member States indicated that they are evaluating the impact of the latest 
international developments and possible options, in particular as far as FTT revenue 
expectations are concerned. 
On December 9, 2019, the German Finance Minister, Olaf Scholz, issued a revised proposal 
for a Council Directive regarding the introduction of a common FTT to the participating 
Member States in the so-called enhanced cooperation procedure. According to specialised 
press release the revised proposal should include an optional exemption for pension schemes 
and a new system for mutualization of the FTT revenues. Moreover further exclusions are 
under discussion. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are 
advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (“FATCA”) impose a 
new reporting regime and potentially a 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to certain 
payments to (i) any non U.S. financial institution (a “foreign financial institution”, or “FFI” 
(as defined by FATCA)) that does not become a “Participating FFI” by entering into an 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) to provide the IRS with certain 
information in respect of its account holders and investors or is not otherwise exempt from or 
in deemed compliance with FATCA and (ii) any investor (unless otherwise exempt from 
FATCA) that does not provide information sufficient to determine whether the investor is a 
U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a “United States Account” of the Issuer 
(a “Recalcitrant Holder”). The Issuer does not expect to be classified as an FFI that is subject 
to withholding under FATCA. 
The FATCA regime is now in effect and will apply to “foreign passthru payments” (a term 
not yet defined) no earlier than 1 January 2017. This withholding would potentially apply to 
payments in respect of (i) any Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or after the “grandfathering date”, which is the date that is six months after the date on which 
final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the 
Federal Register, or which are materially modified on or after the grandfathering date and (ii) 
any Notes characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax 
purposes, whenever issued. If Notes are issued before the grandfathering date, and additional 
Notes of the same series are issued on or after that date, the additional Notes may not be treated

--- Page 286 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 283 - 
47-41037952 
 
as grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the existing Notes, including a 
negative impact on market price. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have announced their intention to 
negotiate intergovernmental agreements to facilitate the implementation of FATCA (each, an 
“IGA”). Pursuant to FATCA and the “Model 1” and “Model 2” IGAs released by the United 
States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a “Reporting FI” not subject to 
withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, an FFI in a Model 1 IGA 
jurisdiction would not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law 
implementing an IGA) (any such withholding being “FATCA Withholding”) from payments 
it makes (unless it has agreed to do so under the U.S. “qualified intermediary,” “withholding 
foreign partnership,” or “withholding foreign trust” regimes). The Model 2 IGA leaves 
open the possibility that a Reporting FI might in the future be required to withhold as a 
Participating FFI on foreign passthru payments and payments that it makes to Recalcitrant 
Holders. Under each Model IGA, a Reporting FI would still be required to report certain 
information in respect of its account holders and investors to its home government or to the 
IRS. The United States and Italy have entered into an agreement (the “US Italy IGA”) based 
largely on the Model 1 IGA on 10 January 2014. Nevertheless the full impact of such an 
agreement on the Issuer and the Issuer’s reporting and withholding responsibilities under 
FATCA is – at this stage – not completely clear. 
While not expected, if the Issuer is treated as an FFI that is subject to withholding under 
FATCA, the Issuer would expect to be treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to the US Italy IGA 
and does not anticipate being obliged to deduct any FATCA Withholding on payments it 
makes. There can be no assurance, however, that the Issuer will be treated as a Reporting FI, 
or that it would in the future not be required to deduct FATCA Withholding from payments it 
makes. Accordingly, the Issuer and financial institutions through which payments on the Notes 
are made may be required to withhold FATCA Withholding if (i) any FFI through or to which 
payment on such Notes is made is not a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt 
from or in deemed compliance with FATCA or (ii) an investor is a Recalcitrant Holder. 
If an amount in respect of FATCA Withholding were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
principal or other payments made in respect of the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any paying 
agent nor any other person would, pursuant to the conditions of the Notes, be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected. 
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is expected that 
FATCA will not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by 
the Issuer, any paying agent, the depositary, common depositary or common safekeeper, given 
that each of the entities in the payment chain beginning with the Issuer and ending with the 
clearing systems is a major financial institution whose business is dependent on compliance 
with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under an IGA will be unlikely to 
affect the Notes. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Notes may 
go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing systems. If this 
were to happen, then a non FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA Withholding. 
However, definitive notes will only be printed in remote circumstances. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above 
description is based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which are 
subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form.

--- Page 287 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 284 - 
47-41037952 
 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS HEREBY 
NOTIFIED THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED OR 
WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED BY THE TAXPAYER FOR THE 
PURPOSE OF AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE 
IMPOSED ON THE TAXPAYER; (B) ANY SUCH TAX DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN 
TO SUPPORT THE PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR 
MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN; AND (C) THE TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER’S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN 
INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER.

--- Page 288 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 285 - 
47-41037952 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., UniCredit Bank AG, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco 
Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Goldman Sachs International, ING Bank N.V., Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A., MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A., Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc, Natixis and Société Générale (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out 
in a Dealer Agreement dated 20 July 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer 
and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer 
which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method 
of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to 
subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those 
Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that 
Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those 
Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of 
the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination 
of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. The 
Dealer Agreement provides that the obligations of the initial purchasers to subscribe for Notes 
are subject to certain conditions precedent, including (among other things) receipt of legal 
opinions from counsel. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, warrant, 
undertake and agree to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 1/2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 289 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 286 - 
47-41037952 
 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer 
will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU)

--- Page 290 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 287 - 
47-41037952 
 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of the UK MiFIR; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, 
that:  
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business ; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion : it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes 
in the Republic of Italy or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws 
and regulation.

--- Page 291 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 288 - 
47-41037952 
 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2, letter e), of the 
Prospectus Regulation, pursuant to Article 1(4), letter a), of the Prospectus Regulation 
and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, and any other applicable Italian laws 
and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (i) or (ii) 
above must be: 
(a) 
made by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial 
intermediaries) permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in 
accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
"Italian Banking Act"), Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to time) 
and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the relevant 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended 
from time to time), pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the 
issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and/or any other Italian authority. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in the Republic of France, and it has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in the 
Republic of France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio 
management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement 
de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés), all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme

--- Page 292 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 289 - 
47-41037952 
 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, undertaken, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, undertake, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which 
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired 
the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 293 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 290 - 
47-41037952 
 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, 
that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.  
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as 
a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable 
laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any 
such supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a 
supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 294 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 291 - 
47-41037952 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
as the Issuer(s) and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree or which are not admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
The CSSF may at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European 
Economic Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) an Attestation 
Certificate. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 10 March 2014. The 2022 update of the Programme were duly 
authorised on 16 December 2020. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance 
of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer-Litigation" starting on page 169 of this Base 
Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, 
or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
Since 31 December 2021 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or the Group nor since 31 March 2022 has there been any significant change in the 
financial performance or position of the Issuer and the Group. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
and 
31 
December 
2020 
have 
been 
audited 
without 
qualification 
by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. ("PwC"), which was appointed as the Group’s Auditors for a 
term of nine financial periods (2017-2025) by the Issuer’s Shareholders’ Meeting of 27 April 
2017. PwC is authorised and regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of 
auditing firms held by the MEF. The registered office of PwC is located at Piazza Tre Torri 2, 
20145 Milan, Italy. 
Documents on Display

--- Page 295 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 292 - 
47-41037952 
 
Copies of the following documents (together, where appropriate, with English translations 
thereof) may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at 60 
avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg for 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2021; 
(c) 
the most recent annual consolidated financial information of the Issuer published from 
time to time, commencing with its audited annual consolidated financial statements as 
at and for the year ended 31 December 2021; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(f) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); and 
(g) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream of 
Notes in New Global Note form). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 2021, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and the other 
documents incorporated by reference herein, will be available on the websites set forth in 
"Information Incorporated by Reference". In addition, copies of the by-laws (Statuto) of the 
Issuer and the provisions for meetings of the noteholders will be available on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en). 
Material Contracts 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer – Material Contracts" starting on 169 in this 
Base Prospectus, and any supplement hereto, neither the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries has 
entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have 
been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to 
Noteholders. 
Websites 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en. The information on 
https://www.gruppo.acea.it/en does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Other than the 
information incorporated by reference, the content of the Issuer’s website has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to

--- Page 296 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 293 - 
47-41037952 
 
the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or 
the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price 
may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of 
the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest 
payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the 
Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as 
of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is 
not an indication of future yield. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and, commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for, or may have provided financing to, and/or other related transactions with the Issuer 
and its affiliates, and may in the future perform services for them, in each case in the ordinary 
course of business. Furthermore, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf 
of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates or any entity related 
to the Notes. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in the Issuer’s securities, including potentially the Notes offered 
hereby. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes 
offered hereby. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.  
Furthermore, some of the Dealers, and their respective affiliates, have extended certain loans 
to the Issuer and the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes may be used by the Issuer to repay 
such loans in whole or in part (as further described in "Use of Proceeds"). In addition, the

--- Page 297 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 294 - 
47-41037952 
 
Dealers and their respective affiliates expect to receive customary fees and commissions for 
the issuance of the Notes offered hereby.  
In particular, certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have granted significant 
financing to Issuer and its parent and group companies and they are one of their main financial 
lenders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliates" also includes 
parent companies. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300Q3448N041CTH56. 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch Information  
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing 
client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of 
its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst 
keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request.

--- Page 298 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 295 - 
47-41037952 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Piazzale Ostiense, 2 
00154 Rome 
Italy 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16 Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A – 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Edificio ASIA, Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid, Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16 Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92 547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane  
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A – Divisione IMI Corporate 
& Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
 
 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A. 
Via Leone Pancaldo, 4 
50127 Florence 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square  
Canary Wharf

--- Page 299 ---
10235791071-v24 
- 296 - 
47-41037952 
 
Italy 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Société Générale  
29, Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7, 1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law: 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law: 
White & Case LLP  
Piazza Diaz 2  
20123 Milan  
Italy 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Issuer as to Italian tax law 
Foglia & Partners 
Via Flaminia 141 
00196 Rome 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg