--- Page 1 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
 
55-41000509 
 
 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 27 JANUARY 2021 
 
ACHMEA BANK N.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands with its statutory seat in The Hague) 
€10,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme  
Under this €10,000,000,000 medium term note programme (the "Programme"), Achmea Bank N.V. (the "Issuer" or 
the "Bank", as the case may be) may from time to time issue medium term notes (the "Notes"), which expression shall 
include Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). The price and 
amount of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus constitutes a "base 
prospectus" for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has only approved this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for one year from the date hereof. The Central Bank's approval 
relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Stock Exchange (as defined 
below) or other regulated markets for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified in "Overview – Dealers" and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together 
the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. The Dealer or Dealers 
subscribing or intending to subscribe the issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the "relevant Dealer(s)" in respect 
of those Notes. 
Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (the "Stock Exchange") for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated 
market. The Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes 
being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading and have been listed 
on the Stock Exchange or such other or further stock exchange(s) or market which may be agreed. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 
"Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms"). This Base 
Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information incorporated 
by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant 
Final Terms. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such 
Notes, the issue price of such Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to 
each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms, which, with respect to such Notes to be listed, will be delivered 
to the Stock Exchange or such other or further stock exchange(s) or market on or before the date of issue of such 
Tranche and deposited with the Central Bank and the relevant competent authorities of other Member States. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes 
may be offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S ("Regulation S") 
under the Securities Act. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes, 
see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes of each Tranche will be in bearer form or in registered form. Bearer Notes will (unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) initially be represented by a Global Note (as defined in "Form of Notes"). Global Notes 
will be deposited on or about the relevant Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) with either (i) in the 
case of a Global Note which is not intended to be issued in New Global Note ("NGN") form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or for any 
other agreed clearing system or with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. ("Euroclear 
Netherlands"), or (ii) in the case of a Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Registered Notes will 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) initially be represented by a Global Registered Note (as 
defined in "Form of Notes") registered in the name of, and deposited with, a depositary or a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system, or with Euroclear

--- Page 2 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
 
55-41000509 
 
 
 
 
 
Netherlands. The Issuer may agree with the relevant Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Conditions set out herein, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"). The Issuer 
will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue 
about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the 
SFA. 
Arranger 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
Dealer 
DEUTSCHE BANK

--- Page 3 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- i - 
55-41000509 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................ 30 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE; DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATION.................................... 35 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 36 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 37 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 53 
FORM OF NOTES ..................................................................................................................................... 87 
ACHMEA BANK N.V. .............................................................................................................................. 93 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF ACHMEA GROUP.............................................................................. 102 
OVERVIEW OF THE DUTCH RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE MARKET ........................................... 105 
TAXATION IN THE NETHERLANDS.................................................................................................. 109 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 112 
GENERAL ............................................................................................................................................... 116

--- Page 4 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 1 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
This part must be read as an introduction to the Programme and does not purport to be complete and is 
taken from, and is qualified in all respects by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, 
including any amendment and supplement hereto and the documents incorporated herein by reference. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this 
section. 
Issuer: 
Achmea Bank N.V. a public company with limited liability (naamloze 
vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands, having 
its corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in The Hague, The Netherlands and 
its registered office at Spoorlaan 298, 5017 JZ Tilburg, The Netherlands 
and registered with the Commercial Register (Handelsregister) of the 
Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 27154399.  
Guarantor: 
None. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These include the 
fact that the Issuer's results can be adversely affected by (i) general 
economic conditions, (ii) competition, (iii) regulatory change and (iv) 
standard banking risks including changes in interest and foreign 
exchange rates and operational, credit, market, liquidity, legal risks and 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. See 
"Risk Factors". 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealer: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Principal Paying Agent: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Irish Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch. 
Listing Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch. 
Registrar: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to the Stock Exchange for the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading and listed on the 
Stock Exchange. The Notes may also be listed on further stock 
exchange(s) and/or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series. Notes issued under the 
Programme may also be unlisted. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether the relevant Notes are to 
be listed, quoted and/or traded and, if so, on or by which competent 
listing authority(ies) or stock exchange(s) and/or quotation system(s). 
Form of Notes: 
Each Note will be a Bearer or Registered Note.

--- Page 5 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 2 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) initially be represented by a Temporary Global 
Note. Each Temporary Global Note (i) which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant Issue Date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) which is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form may be deposited on or around the relevant 
Issue Date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or for any other agreed clearing 
system or with Euroclear Netherlands. A Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable as described therein for a Permanent Global Note or, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. A 
Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms, all as described in "Form of Notes" below. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Global Registered Note 
will be deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other agreed clearing system, or with Euroclear Netherlands 
and registered in the name of a nominee for such depositary or in the 
name of Euroclear Netherlands and will be exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates in accordance with its terms, all as described in "Form 
of Notes" below. 
 
Delivery (uitlevering) of Definitive Notes represented by a Global Note 
or Individual Note Certificates represented by a Global Registered Note 
delivered to Euroclear Netherlands shall only be possible in the limited 
circumstances as described in the Securities Giro Act, as amended from 
time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer, the "Wge"), and such delivery 
will be made in accordance with the Wge and the rules and regulations 
of Euroclear Netherlands. 
 
Any interest in a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of (i) Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (ii) Euroclear Netherlands and/or (iii) any 
other agreed clearing system, as the case may be. 
Specified Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) of not less than one year subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank or regulatory authority (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes (other than Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) may be issued on a fully-
paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes must be issued on a fully-paid basis and may 
be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at the Redemption Amount as set forth in the 
relevant Final Terms. Notes may also be redeemable in two or more

--- Page 6 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 3 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
instalments on such dates and in such manner as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if 
at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than following an Event 
of Default (as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default)) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable for regulatory reasons as set out below (only 
in the case of Subordinated Notes) or for taxation reasons (as described 
in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase, Redemption for tax 
reasons)) and/or at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such terms as are indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Regulatory Call 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or an 
MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may at its option, subject to:  
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes, (i) the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority provided that at the relevant time such permission is 
required to be given pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation, 
(ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the Issuer complies with Article 78 
CRD Regulation if such is a requirement of CRD or of any 
future applicable regulation(s) at such time, which may include 
requiring the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own 
funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to such redemption as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital 
rules applicable to the Issuer at such time; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, (i) the prior permission of the Competent Authority 
provided that at the relevant time such permission is required 
and given and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, 
or requirements applicable to such redemption as may be 
required by the Competent Authority or Applicable MREL 
Regulations or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to 
the Issuer at such time,  
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) to the Subordinated Noteholders redeem at 
any time (in the case of Subordinated Notes other than Floating Rate 
Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory) 
together with accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption. 
"Applicable MREL Regulations", "Capital Event", "Competent 
Authority", "CRD", "CRD Regulation", "MREL Disqualification

--- Page 7 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 4 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Event" and "MREL Eligible Liabilities" have the meaning ascribed 
thereto in Condition 2 (Interpretation). 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be issued with a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 or its equivalent in another currency. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Notes that bear interest at a fixed rate ("Fixed Rate Notes") will be 
payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Notes that bear interest at a floating rate ("Floating Rate Notes") will 
bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(ii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Notes may be issued under the Programme which constitute a claim for 
a fixed sum against the Issuer and in respect of which interest either is 
not due during their tenor or on which no interest is due at any time (such 
Notes, "Zero Coupon Notes"). Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and 
sold at a discount to their nominal amount. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be made free and clear of withholding or deduction of taxes 
imposed by The Netherlands, unless the withholding is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer will either (i) subject to certain exceptions as 
provided in Condition 12 (Taxation), pay such additional amounts (other 
than, in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes only, in respect of any 
amount of principal) as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of the Notes had no such 
withholding been required or (ii) make the required withholding or 
deduction for the account of the Noteholders and will not pay any 
additional amounts to compensate Noteholders. 
If the applicable Final Terms provides that payments are to be made 
subject to withholding of applicable Dutch taxes (if any), it will also 
specify that Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase, Redemption for 
tax reasons)) will not apply to the Notes. 
Cross Default: 
The Senior Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Negative Pledge: 
The Senior Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described 
in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge – Senior Notes). 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for those preferred by

--- Page 8 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 5 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law and other than those 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in 
reliance 
on 
article 
212rb 
of 
the 
Dutch 
Bankruptcy 
Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing article 108 of 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The 
Netherlands). 
 
Status and Characteristics 
relating to Subordinated 
Notes: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank (i) pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated 
obligations expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law to rank either in priority to or junior to the 
Subordinated Notes) and (ii) junior to unsubordinated obligations and 
those subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in 
priority to the Subordinated Notes and those preferred by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law. 
 
As a result, the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes 
("Subordinated Noteholders") against the Issuer are in the event of the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, subordinated to (a) the claims of 
depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits are expressed 
by their terms to rank equally or junior to the Subordinated Notes), (b) 
unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed 
money (including those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
having a lower ranking then other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)), (c) other unsubordinated claims 
and (d) subordinated claims expressed by their terms or by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law to rank in priority to the 
Subordinated Notes (collectively, "Senior Claims"). 
No Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder may exercise or claim 
any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or 
relative Coupons. 
 
The Subordinated Notes may qualify as Tier 2 capital as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time. 
 
Variation or Substitution: 
 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
if a CRD Capital Event, a Capital Event or an MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to:  
 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes, (A) the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority provided that at the relevant time such permission is 
required to be given pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation 
and (B) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to such variation or substitution as 
may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such 
other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such 
time; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, (A) the prior permission of the Competent 
Authority provided that at the relevant time such permission is 
required and given and (B) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to such redemption as

--- Page 9 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 6 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
may be required by the Competent Authority or Applicable 
MREL Regulations or such other regulatory capital rules 
applicable to the Issuer at such time, 
(but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Subordinated Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the 
Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some, of the 
Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD, Applicable 
MREL Regulations or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to 
the Issuer at the relevant time, provided that such substitution or 
variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favourable to 
the Subordinated Noteholders and that the resulting securities must 
have, inter alia, at least the same ranking and interest rate, the same 
interest payment date, maturity date, redemption rights, existing rights 
to accrued interest which has not been paid and assigned the same 
ratings as the Subordinated Notes. 
 
"CRD" and "CRD Capital Event" have the meanings ascribed thereto 
in Condition 2 (Interpretation). 
 
Statutory Loss Absorption 
and Recapitalisation: 
The Notes may become subject to the determination by the relevant 
Resolution Authority or (acting on the decisions and instructions by the 
Resolution Authority) the Issuer that without the consent of the relevant 
Noteholder: 
 (a)     all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued 
but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down, 
reduced or redeemed and cancelled or otherwise be applied to 
absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority 
(such loss absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption"); or 
(b)     all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued 
but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into 
(claims which may give right to) common equity Tier 1 
instruments (such conversion, "Recapitalisation"), 
 
all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
 
Upon any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Notes subject to Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced, 
redeemed and cancelled or converted into (claims which may give right 
to) common equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb 
losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an 
Event of Default and (iii) the relevant Noteholders will have no further 
claims in respect of the amount so written down or subject to conversion 
or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation. 
 
"Resolution Authority" and "Applicable Resolution Framework" 
have the meanings ascribed thereto in Condition 2 (Interpretation).  
 
Clearing: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Netherlands 
and/or any other agreed clearing system. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed outside the United States to persons other than 
U.S. persons (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the

--- Page 10 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 7 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Securities Act) by way of private or public placement and in each case 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Japan, 
Singapore and The Netherlands and such other restrictions as may apply 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche or 
Series. See "Subscription and Sale". 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
The Issuer may, if certain conditions have been fulfilled, with the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders which will be deemed to 
have been given in respect of each issue of Senior Notes on which no 
payment of principal of or interest on any of the Senior Notes is in 
default, be replaced and substituted by either (a) any directly or 
indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer or (only in the case of 
Senior Notes) (b) Achmea B.V. (or any successor parent company of 
the Issuer) as principal debtor in respect of the Senior Notes and the 
relative Coupons. 
 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer may, if certain 
conditions have been fulfilled, with the consent of the Subordinated 
Noteholders which will be deemed to have been given in respect of each 
issue of Subordinated Notes on which no payment of principal or 
interest on any of the Subordinated Notes is in default and after written 
approval of the Competent Authority, be replaced and substituted by 
any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer as 
principal debtor in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Dutch 
law.

--- Page 11 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 8 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of Notes 
issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In 
addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number 
of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. 
While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than 
one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this 
section. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons not known to the Issuer or which may not 
be deemed material enough as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
incorporated by reference herein and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should also consult 
their stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and 
carefully review the risks inherent in an investment in any Notes issued under the Programme and consider 
such an investment decision in the light of the prospective investor's personal circumstances. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE ISSUER 
A. 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation and position 
1. 
The Issuer has significant counterparty risk exposure 
The Issuer's business is subject to credit risks, including credit risks of borrowers and other 
counterparties. Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and 
amounts due from counterparties are inherent in the Issuer's business activities. 
In 2019, the Issuer's mortgage loan portfolio was EUR 12.6 billion at year-end (2018 YE: EUR 
11.1 billion) (see also risk factor "3. Risks related to the Issuer's loan portfolio"). The Issuer's 
credit risk to professional counterparties mainly consists of the exposures on the top 10 
professional counterparties (financial institutions). As at year-end the total net exposure for the top 
10 professional counterparties amounted to EUR 319 million (2018: EUR 347 million) and is 
comprised of the total fair value of the derivatives versus the collateral positions, bank account 
balances and SPV related exposures. As at year-end of 2019 the net exposure for the derivative 
exposures amounted to EUR 35 million (2018: EUR 56 million) and consisted of the total fair 
value of the derivatives versus the collateral position. 
Achmea B.V. has issued a capped guarantee to the Issuer to cover credit risk and legal claims in 
connection with the acquired Acier portfolio (see below). The maximum amount for the financial 
guarantee is EUR 350 million, of which the duration is aligned with the remaining tenors of the 
related loans. 
Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform under 
their obligations. These parties include borrowers (under loans), the issuers whose securities the 
Issuer holds, customers, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and credit and other 
derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial 
intermediaries. 
The borrowers and other counterparties may default on their obligations to the Issuer due to 
bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure

--- Page 12 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 9 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
or other reasons, which may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and/or results 
of operations, in particular as most of the Issuer's assets are financial assets (as described above). 
2. 
Coronavirus outbreak may have a negative effect on the financial position of the Issuer 
The outbreak of Covid-19 / the Coronavirus disease in 2019 ("Coronavirus") has had and 
continues to have a severe impact on the Dutch, European and global economic prospects and 
therefore on the Issuer. Various countries across the world have introduced measures aimed at 
preventing the further spread of the Coronavirus, such as a ban on public events above a certain 
number of attendees, temporary closure of places where larger groups of people gather such as 
schools, sports facilities and bars and restaurants, lockdowns, border controls and travel and other 
restrictions. Such measures have disrupted the normal flow of business operations in those 
countries and regions, have affected global supply chains and resulted in uncertainty across the 
global economy and financial markets. 
The balance sheet of the Issuer mainly consists of a mortgage loan portfolio and loans to 
professional counterparties (financial institutions) (see also risk factor "1. The Issuer has 
significant counterparty risk exposure"). The outbreak of the Coronavirus and the measures taken 
in relation thereto will directly or indirectly result in increases of defaults under mortgage loans 
and are expected to directly or indirectly result in increases of defaults under loans to professional 
counterparties. Since March 2020, the Issuer offers the possibility of a payment holiday to 
mortgage customers with payment difficulties directly related to the Coronavirus outbreak. Such 
payment holidays have been requested and more are likely to be requested by borrowers in distress 
due to the Coronavirus. Pursuant to such payment holidays borrowers are allowed to defer making 
payments for three months. The number of borrowers that have been granted a payment holiday 
by the Issuer is relatively low (0.5 per cent. of of the total of the Issuer's borrowers) and the impact 
on the loan loss provision amounts to EUR 2 million as per 30 June 2020. If further payment 
holidays are requested by borrowers, this may result in payment disruptions of such borrowers and 
possibly higher losses under the mortgage loans and loans to professional counterparties. 
The outbreak of the Coronavirus and the measures taken in relation thereto, may therefore have a 
negative effect on the financial position and prospects of the Issuer. Until the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the impact of the Coronavirus on the financial position of the Issuer is limited. 
However, it is difficult to predict the further spread or duration of the pandemic, the extent of the 
consequences of the outbreak of the Coronavirus and the consequences of the measures taken in 
relation to the Coronavirus and circumstances may worsen and measures may become more 
restrictive in the future. 
3. 
Risks related to the Issuer's loan portfolio 
Mortgage loans constitute a significant portion of the Issuer's total loan portfolio. As of 31 
December 2019, mortgage loans accounted for more than 90% of the Issuer's total loan portfolio. 
Mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Increased interest rates, a 
significant downturn in the economy, a stagnation or a drop in property values and/or changes in 
or abolition of the tax deductibility of interest payments on residential mortgage loans, could lead, 
next to a decrease in mortgage loans, to increased default rates on these loans. 
Other factors such as loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an 
increase in delinquencies and bankruptcy filings by borrowers and could ultimately have an 
adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay mortgage loans. Considering that mortgage 
loans represents a high percentage of the loan portfolio, the above may have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer's financial condition and/or results of operations. 
4. 
Risks regarding the loan portfolio acquired from Staalbankiers 
On 7 July 2015, the Issuer acquired a substantial part of the loan activities (the "Acier Loan 
Portfolio") from Staalbankiers N.V. ("Staalbankiers"), the private banking entity within Achmea 
Group. The remainder of the loan portfolio was acquired on 11 October 2016. In addition to these 
loans, the Issuer has acquired linked savings accounts for an amount of EUR 57 million. The 
purchase price was equal to the carrying amount.

--- Page 13 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 10 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
In 2019, the Acier Loan Portfolio decreased with EUR 96 million to EUR 790 million at year-end 
(2018: EUR 886 million). As at December 2019, the allowance for losses on loans and advances 
related to the Acier Loan Portfolio amounts to EUR 21.7 million, which is a decrease of EUR 
13.87 million compared to the opening balance of IFRS 9. The Issuer's total mortgage loan 
portfolio at year-end 2019 was EUR 12.6 billion. 
The Acier Loan Portfolio differs in characteristics from the regular Achmea Bank mortgage 
portfolio. The Acier Loan Portfolio is handled as a run-off portfolio and is managed by the former 
Achmea unit Staalbankiers credit department that was transferred to Achmea Bank and is now 
completely integrated into Achmea Bank. 
The mortgage loans included in the Acier Loan Portfolio, which result from private banking 
activities, may differ from mortgage loans advanced to regular retail clients. The principal amount 
of these loans can be significantly higher than average mortgage loans in the Netherlands, making 
the exposure risk on a single client higher. Also, the mortgages securing the mortgage loans may 
be vested on residential and/or commercial properties with higher values and/or properties that 
may be more price sensitive and less marketable. In addition, the level of information provided by 
the borrowers and the acceptance criteria may have differed from the standards otherwise applied 
by the Issuer. The risks of the Issuer on this loan portfolio, including the credit risk, may therefore 
be substantially higher than on the remainder of its loan portfolio. This may therefore result in 
higher losses and may impact the overall performance of the Issuer's loan portfolio. The historic 
performance of the Issuer's loan portfolio may therefore no longer be accurate as an indication of 
future yield and losses. This may have a negative impact on the performance of the Issuer and 
could have an adverse impact on its financial position. 
A large number of loans (year-end 2019: 92%) which were acquired by the Issuer from 
Staalbankiers are loans with a floating interest rate and part of the loans is denominated in Swiss 
Francs (CHF). All loans denominated in Swiss Francs have a floating rate of interest. As a result 
hereof, the Issuer may become more exposed to changes in interest rates, which could have an 
adverse impact on its financial position until all loans in the Acier Loan Portfolio have reached 
their maturity date. 
In addition, the Swiss Franc mortgage loans have generally been advanced to private individuals 
who benefit from high level of duty of care (zorgplicht) by the lender, including the obligation to 
provide sufficient information. In case of Swiss Franc mortgage loans, the legal obligations of the 
lender, including its duty of care, may be stricter than in other cases as a result of the currency risk 
in relation to these loans. If Staalbankiers has not complied with its legal obligations in relation to 
the loans to private individuals, including its duty of care, this may result in claims of borrowers 
against the Issuer. Such claims could be significant and may involve high costs and require 
substantial resources on the part of the Issuer, whereas the Issuer's rights of recourse against 
Staalbankiers are negligible. This may have a negative impact on the performance of the Issuer 
and could have an adverse impact on its financial position. 
In relation to the Acier Loan Portfolio, Achmea B.V. issued a capped guarantee to Achmea Bank 
to cover credit risk and legal claims related to this portfolio. Because of this guarantee, the impact 
of the impairment charges on the income statement is low, but may still occur. The total amount 
of claims submitted is recognised on the balance sheet as a receivable on Achmea B.V. The release 
of the Acier Loan Portfolio has been deducted on the receivable on Achmea B.V. related to the 
first time adoption of IFRS 9. However, there can be no assurance that this guarantee will cover 
all risks relating to the Acier Loan Portfolio, nor that Achmea B.V. will be able to comply with its 
obligations under the guarantee (see also the risk factor "1. The Issuer has significant counterparty 
risk exposure"). 
5. 
Risks regarding the loan portfolio acquired from a.s.r. bank 
On 2 December 2019, the Issuer acquired part of the banking operations of ASR Bank N.V. ("a.s.r. 
bank"). These operations consist of a liability portfolio with savings of EUR 1.7 billion and 
approximately 125,000 customers, and an asset portfolio consisting of mortgage loans with a 
volume of EUR 1.5 billion (also see below under "Recent developments" in section Achmea Bank 
N.V.). The Issuer's total mortgage loan portfolio at year-end 2019 was EUR 12.6 billion. For 
customers with an a.s.r. bank mortgage loan, parties agreed that a.s.r. bank will remain their point

--- Page 14 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 11 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
of contact, servicing is done by a.s.r. and the agreement and conditions will remain intact. This 
means, among others, that the interest rates at reset (i.e. the reset of the interest rate of the mortgage 
loans from time to time) will be set by a.s.r. and amendments may be made by a.s.r. to the 
conditions of the mortgage loans. As the Issuer will not control such part of its operation, it may 
be exposed to risks relating to improper servicing and/or the servicing, including but not limited 
to resetting of interest rates for the a.s.r. bank portfolio, if this is performed in a manner inconsistent 
with the interest of the Issuer. For example if a.s.r. takes its own interest into account when 
resetting the interest rates and sets a lower interest rate to achieve a higher market share, this may 
have a negative impact on the interest received by the Issuer which could affect the Issuer's profits 
and loss. 
6. 
A downgrade of any of the Issuer's credit ratings may impact the Issuer's funding ability and 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition 
The access to the money and capital markets may be affected by concerns about the credit strength 
of the Issuer, but may also be influenced by concerns about the market segments in which the 
Issuer is active, or by a general market disruption. Access to these markets may be further affected 
by a deterioration of the credit rating of the Issuer. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") long-term 
counterparty credit rating of the Issuer is "A-", with a stable outlook and its short-term counterparty 
credit rating of the Issuer is "A-2", with a stable outlook. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") 
has assigned a long-term counterparty credit rating of "A" with a stable outlook and a short-term 
counterparty credit rating of "F-1" in respect of the Issuer. The counterparty credit rating of 
Achmea B.V. (the holding company of the Achmea Group of which the Issuer forms part) by S&P 
is as of 25 July 2016 "BBB+" with a stable outlook as of 11 February 2019. A downgrade of any 
of the Issuer's ratings (for whatever reason) would result in higher funding and refinancing costs 
for the Issuer in the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade of any of the Issuer's ratings may 
limit the Issuer's opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse effect 
on the Issuer's image as a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. 
These factors may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and/or results of 
operations. A downgrade of Achmea B.V.'s rating may have a similar adverse effect on the Issuer's 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
In addition, other rating agencies may seek to rate the Issuer or the Notes on an unsolicited basis 
and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than comparable ratings granted, such unsolicited ratings 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of operations, financial condition and 
liquidity and may negatively affect the market value of the Notes. The decision to withdraw a 
rating or continue with an unsolicited rating remains with the relevant rating agency. 
7. 
The Issuer faces refinancing risks in the capital markets and liquidity risks 
The Issuer faces liquidity risk, which means that funding and liquid assets will not be (sufficiently) 
available as a result of which the Issuer may not be able to meet short-term financial obligations. 
The sensitivity of the Issuer to this risk is substantial. The amount of mortgage loans on the Issuer's 
balance sheet exceeds the amount of savings money attracted. This has resulted in a dependency 
on wholesale funding including the use of securitisation of the mortgage portfolios and the issue 
of covered bonds and secured euro medium term notes. The gap between mortgage loans granted 
and savings and deposits entrusted is funded in the money and capital markets. Good access to 
these markets may be necessary to finance the growth of the mortgage loan portfolio and to 
refinance all outstanding loans with a shorter maturity than the mortgage loans in which the money 
is invested. 
In addition, the Issuer faces a liquidity risk in relation to the savings deposits held by it. A 
substantial part of the savings deposits held by the Issuer, generated under the Centraal Beheer and 
Woonfonds labels, is used to fund the Issuer's long-term assets such as its mortgage portfolios. As 
at 31 December 2019, the Issuer held EUR 7.1 billion of savings (2018: EUR 5.7 billion). As a 
material part of savings deposits are directly due and payable (direct opeisbaar), it may adversely 
affect the Issuer's liquidity position in case a large amount of such funds are withdrawn and no 
other means are readily available to attract liquidity.

--- Page 15 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 12 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
8. 
The United Kingdom (UK) leaving the European Union (Brexit) may affect the Issuer's results 
of operations, cash flows or financial condition 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom has withdrawn from the European Union as a Member 
State. On 1 January 2021, the transitional phase in which the rules and regulations of the European 
Union remained applicable for the United Kingdom ceased to apply. Although the European Union 
and the UK agreed a post-Brexit "EU-UK Trade and Cooperation" Agreement on 24 December 
2020, it is not yet fully certain what arrangements will define the future relationship between the 
European Union and the UK, or the length of time that this may take. The UK's decision to leave 
the European Union has caused, and is anticipated to continue to cause, significant new 
uncertainties and instability in the financial markets. Although direct operations of the Issuer in 
the UK are limited, given that the Issuer is operating in the financial markets and that the financial 
markets in Europe are interconnected, especially with the UK and more particular London, any 
significant new uncertainties and instability in the financial markets may affect the Issuer and the 
trading price of the Notes. 
These uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and its counterparties. In addition, it is unclear at 
this stage what the consequences of the UK's departure from the European Union will ultimately 
be for the Issuer or the trading price of the Notes. 
B. 
Risk related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
9. 
The Issuer faces substantial competitive pressures which could adversely affect the Issuer's 
results of operations 
There is substantial competition in the Netherlands for the issue of mortgage loans to private 
individuals and the other products and services that the Issuer provides. Competition in the 
financial services industry is furthered by the high level of consolidation in the Netherlands in the 
markets where the Issuer operates. Consolidation may create additional or stronger competitors 
and may intensify competition. The Issuer faces competition from companies such as ING Bank 
N.V., Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., ABN AMRO Bank N.V., de Volksbank N.V. and many 
others. If the Issuer is unable to offer competing attractive products and services that are profitable 
or is unable to innovate and provide new and competitively priced products and services to remain 
competitive, the Issuer may lose market share or incur losses on some or all of its activities. 
Consumer demand, technological changes, regulatory actions and other factors also affect 
competition. Competitive pressure could result in increased pricing pressure, particularly as 
competitors seek to gain market share, and may harm the Issuer's ability to maintain or increase 
profitability. 
10. The risk that the operations of the Issuer may be interdependent on the developments of the 
Achmea Group 
The Issuer forms part of the Achmea Group and its operations are interdependent on and may be 
affected by developments concerning Achmea B.V. and Achmea Group, such as, but not limited 
to, (i) capital contributions (kapitaalstortingen) and dividend payments, (ii) credit ratings of 
Achmea B.V. or entities within the Achmea Group and/or (iii) passing on of costs incurred or set-
off by Achmea B.V. or within the Achmea Group. These interdependencies result in the fact that 
the Issuer may be affected by the realisation of certain risks of Achmea Group, which may have a 
material effect on the financial position or result from operations of the Issuer. See for a description 
of Achmea B.V. and Achmea Group the section "Business Description of Achmea Group". 
11. Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Issuer's business activities 
The results of the operations of the Issuer are affected by its management of interest rates 
sensitivity. The composition of the Issuer's assets and liabilities, and any gap position resulting 
from that composition, causes the operations' net interest income to vary with changes in interest 
rates. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to successfully manage interest rate 
spreads or the potential negative impact of risks associated with sustained low interest rate 
changes. A mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest bearing liabilities in any given period

--- Page 16 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 13 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
may, in the event of changes in interest rates, have a material effect on the financial position or 
result from operations of the Issuer. 
12. Dependency on third party for distribution of products 
In addition, certain of the Issuer's financial products and services are distributed through third 
parties or form part of broader products and services sold by third parties. As per 31 December 
2019, approximately 69%  of its mortgage portfolio (exluding a.s.r. and the Acier Loan Portfolio) 
is distributed through an independent intermediary under the name Woonfonds Hypotheken. As 
of end 2020 the mortgage business of Achmea Bank N.V. will be transferred to and Achmea Bank 
N.V. intends to run its future mortgage business through Syntrus Achmea Real Estate and Finance 
B.V. and new origination through Achmea Hypotheken Mortgage Label Platform. Any negative 
publicity in respect of such third parties or such broader products and services could result in 
significant damage to the Issuer's reputation, which could in turn greatly hinder the Issuer's ability 
to retain clients or compete for new business. 
13. The Issuer may not have sufficient assets available to meet its obligations under the Notes as a 
result of asset encumbrance 
The use of securitisation of the mortgage portfolios, the issue of covered bonds and secured euro 
medium term notes and similar transactions has resulted in the transfer of a substantial part of the 
assets on the Issuer's balance sheet in connection with such transactions (see section "Achmea 
Bank N.V." under "Funding, financing and collateral"). The assets transferred in connection with 
these transactions will not form part of the estate of the Issuer in case of the Issuer's insolvency, 
as these are encumbered assets. These assets will first be used to pay amounts due on or in 
connection with the securities issued in these transactions and only amounts left (if any) after such 
amounts have been paid in full may form part of the estate of the Issuer and possibly be available 
to pay amounts due to the Noteholders. 
As set out above, the Issuer has entered into securitisation transactions in respect of its mortgage 
portfolios and a covered bonds programme and similar transactions. The Issuer has assumed 
various rights and obligations under such transactions and may be exposed to risks in relation 
thereto, including, but not limited to the risk that: (i) it must transfer, inter alia, swap collateral or 
substantial new assets in connection with such transactions, (ii) it has to repurchase some or all of 
the mortgage portfolios transferred in relation to such transactions and (iii) it must pay substantial 
fees in relation thereto. The above may have a negative effect on the amount of assets available 
for Noteholders to take recourse on the Issuer's assets. 
C. 
Legal and regulatory risks regarding the issuer 
14. The Issuer's results of operations can be affected by significant adverse regulatory developments 
as well as enforcement action including changes in regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements 
The Issuer conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulatory and associated risks, including 
the effects of changes in law, regulations, and policies in the Netherlands. The timing and form of 
future changes in regulations are unpredictable and beyond the control of the Issuer, and changes 
made could materially adversely affect the Issuer's business. Also, the regulatory laws and 
regulations applicable to the Issuer are to an extent based on the Issuer's interpretations of such 
laws and regulations. The Issuer cannot guarantee that such interpretations will not be questioned 
by the relevant authorities. Changes in regulatory laws and regulations or interpretations by the 
Issuer thereof being challenged by the relevant authorities could materially impact the profitability 
of the Issuer's businesses, the value of its assets or the collateral available for its loans, require 
changes to business practices, increase its regulatory reporting and transparency obligations, or 
force the Issuer to discontinue businesses or change its legal entity structure, capital and funding 
structure, and expose the Issuer to additional costs, taxes, liabilities, enforcement actions and 
reputational risk. 
The following changes in laws and regulations, among others, form a material risk for its financial 
position, credit rating and results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 17 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 14 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Basel IV/CRD IV/EU Banking Reforms 
Regulatory requirements with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity, as proposed by the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and being implemented in the 
European Union through, among others, the CRD IV Directive and the CRR, as these are amended 
from time to time. These requirements are subject to ongoing change, and are expected to become 
more stringent. This is especially due to the implementation and entry into force of the change to 
CRD IV included in the EU banking package adopted in May 2019 (the "EU Banking Reforms") 
and the finalised Basel III reforms as published on 7 December 2017 (the "Basel III Reforms") 
(informally referred to as Basel IV). The foregoing measures are expected to require the Issuer to 
attract and retain additional and/or enhanced capital and liquidity, and will impact the Issuer's day-
to-day business. Notable changes that will affect the Issuer's business includes changes to the 
requirements for the risk-weighting of mortgages and the introduction of an output floor. The 
Issuer expects that as of 2023, due to the Basel III Reforms its RWA will increase to a limited 
extent and that its CET1 capital ratio will be adversely affected to a limited extent as a 
consequence. Furthermore and finally, the impact of these changes to the applicable prudential 
regime is yet to be fully determined by the Issuer. This is among others due to the fact that the EU 
Banking Reforms and Basel III Reforms are still subject (in part) to further implementation in EU 
or national laws. 
AML Directive/AML Regulation 
Further AML rules, as laid down in, among others, Directive 2015/849/EU (the "AML Directive") 
and accompanying Regulation (EU) No 2015/847 (the "AML Regulation"), as these are amended 
from time to time. The Issuer complies with the AML Directive and the AML Regulation. Early 
2019, it has updated and amended its relevant policies, rules and procedures (to the extent 
necessary). The Issuer maintains a close and continuous survey on development and creation of 
new anti-money laundering laws. However, future amendments could adversely affect the Issuer's 
financial position, credit rating and results of operations and prospects. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Under the Benchmark Regulation, new requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide 
range of benchmarks (such as the Reference Rate (as defined below)), the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. As a supervised entity 
and user of benchmarks within the meaning of the Benchmark Regulation, the Issuer has to comply 
with certain obligations under the Benchmark Regulation in respect of in-scope products and 
contracts. This includes the obligation to produce and maintain a robust written plan among others 
setting out the actions the Issuer would take in the event a benchmark materially changes or ceases 
to be provided. This plan is commonly referred to as a fallback plan and the Issuer has produced 
and is maintaining such a plan. The Issuer is also required to ensure that it only makes use of 
authorised benchmarks and that its contracts include appropriate fallback language. The Issuer 
runs the risk that it is not able to timely amend its contracts and switch from the use of unauthorised 
benchmarks to authorised benchmarks and paying and/or receiving a similar rate of interest (both 
in its internal processes as well as in its external products and investments). This may affect the 
Issuer's financial and compliance position. For the impact of the Benchmark Regulation on the 
Notes, see the risk factors: "21. The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" (including LIBOR and 
EURIBOR) may adversely affect the liquidity and value of, and return on, Notes, such as Floating 
Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes which are subject to one or more resets linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks"", "22. Future discontinuance of EURIBOR, LIBOR and any other benchmark 
may adversely affect the value of Notes which reference EURIBOR, LIBOR or such other 
benchmark" and "23. There is a risk that the Rate Determination Agent may be considered an 
"administrator" under the Benchmark Regulation". 
PSD II 
New payment services regulations, as laid down in Directive (EU) 2015/2366 ("PSD II") imposes 
additional requirements on the Issuer with respect to its payment services and supports the 
emergence of new players and the development of innovative mobile and internet payments in 
Europe. Key elements of the PSD II that could impact the Issuer are: (i) access to payment accounts 
by other parties than the bank where the customer holds an account (Third Party Access), and (ii)

--- Page 18 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 15 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
security requirements. Third Party Access as described in the PSD II results in more or intensified 
competition for banks and can be a threat as parties other than banks focus on the customer-
engagement components of the value chain and leave the commoditised transactional components 
to banks, which could lead to disintermediation. Security is and will remain a core element in the 
service offering of banks whereby it is important that the security requirements in PSD II as applied 
by banks in practice strike the right balance between ease of use and risk (such as with respect to 
customer data). 
EMIR 
The Issuer's derivative activities remain subject to significant reform as a result of Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012, as amended ("EMIR"). EMIR already requires the Issuer to centrally clear certain 
OTC-derivatives and report its derivative contracts to a trade repository. It furthermore requires 
the Issuer to exchange variation and initial margin with certain of its counterparties, which group 
of counterparties will be extended in the near future. This will lead to an increased margining 
obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer runs the risk that it will not be able to have the necessary 
contractual documentation and operational process timely in place in order to be able to trade or 
continue trading with the relevant counterparties. This will lead to additional compliance costs for 
the Issuer. 
SFTR 
Regulation (EU) No 2015/2365, pertaining to the transparency and reuse of securities financing 
transactions (the "SFTR"), as of Q2 2020 requires the Issuer to report these transactions to a central 
database. In order to be able to comply, the Issuer will have to obtain access to an eligible central 
database and ensure that its systems and involved employees are able to (timely) compile, verify 
and process the required reports. This will give rise to additional costs and expenses. The Issuer 
runs the risk that it will not be able to have the necessary contractual documentation and 
operational process timely in place to be able to adequately and timely report securities financing 
transactions. This may affect the Issuer's ability to trade or continue trading with the relevant 
counterparties. 
Sustainability regulations 
The Issuer will be subject to increasing sustainability regulations, such as Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 from 10 March 2021 relating to disclosures and Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (partially) 
(the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") from 1 January 2022 relating to a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment. These regulations will require the Issuer to include information at entity 
and at product level with regard to certain financial products on whether or not it takes into account 
adverse sustainability impact, whether or not it promotes environmental or social characteristics 
and whether or not it meets one or more of the environmental objectives as set out in the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation. Furthermore, DNB and the ECB have published guidance with regard to 
management of climate risks, which credit institutions such as the Issuer are expected to 
incorporate in their risk management framework. As the Issuer will have to implement these 
regulations and expects to have to implement more sustainability-related regulations, this will give 
rise to additional compliance costs and expenses. 
IASB 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) - including International Accounting Standards (IAS) and 
Interpretations - as adopted by the European Union (hereafter EU). The IFRS guidelines are 
periodically revised or expanded. It is possible that future accounting standards which the Issuer 
is required to adopt, or as a result of choices made by the Issuer, could change the current 
accounting treatment that applies to its consolidated financial statements and that such changes 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reported results of operations and financial 
condition and may have a corresponding impact on its capital ratios.

--- Page 19 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 16 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
15. Risk related to the Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD, SRM 
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation set out a common European recovery and resolution 
framework applicable to banks and certain investment firms, group entities (including financial 
institutions subject to consolidated supervision) and (to a limited extent) branches of equivalent 
non-EEA banks and investment firms. In connection therewith, the SRM and BRRD recognize 
and enable the application of the recovery and resolution framework both on the level of an 
individual entity as well as on a group level. The below should be read in the understanding that 
the Issuer or any entity belonging to the Achmea Group may become subject to requirements and 
measures under the SRM and BRRD not only with a view to or as a result of its individual financial 
situation, but also, in certain circumstances, with a view to or as a result of the financial situation 
of the group that it forms part of. Moreover, for the avoidance of doubt, the below requirements 
and measures may also apply to any such group entity of the Issuer. Currently, DNB in its capacity 
of national resolution authority ("NRA") shall perform resolution tasks and responsibilities under 
the SRM with respect to the Issuer (as a less significant institution under the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism). Therefore, if the Issuer would be deemed no longer viable (or one or more other 
conditions apply) the NRA may decide to write-down, reduce, redeem and cancel or convert 
relevant capital instruments of the Issuer, such as Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and 
Tier 2 instruments, in principle in a certain order. Such action could adversely affect the market 
value of the Notes. 
If the Issuer would be deemed to fail or likely to fail and the other resolution conditions would 
also be met, the NRA may decide to place the Issuer under resolution. It may decide to apply 
certain resolution tools. These resolution tools include the sale of business tool, the bridge 
institution tool and the asset separation tool, each of which, in summary, provides for a transfer of 
certain assets and/or liabilities of the institution under resolution to a third party. In addition, the 
SRM provides for the bail-in tool. The bail-in tool extends amongst others the relevant capital 
instruments of the Issuer, and may also result in the write-down or conversion into (claims which 
may give right to) common equity Tier 1 instruments in accordance with a certain order of priority. 
In addition to the resolution powers described above, the NRA may decide to terminate or amend 
any agreement to which the Issuer is a party or replace the Issuer as a party thereto. Furthermore, 
DNB may, subject to certain conditions, suspend the exercise of certain rights of counterparties 
vis-à-vis the Issuer or suspend the performance of payment or delivery obligations of the Issuer. 
In addition, pursuant to Dutch law, certain counterparty rights may be excluded. 
To ensure that bail-in can be effectively applied, a minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities "MREL") applies to the Issuer under the BRRD and SRM Regulation. The 
MREL framework is intended to make sure that the Issuer can absorb losses expected in resolution 
and to be recapitalised after the implementation of resolution actions. The MREL is subject to 
ongoing change, and is expected to become more stringent. This is especially due to the 
implementation and entry into force of the changes to BRRD and SRM Regulation forming part 
of the EU Banking Reforms. Upcoming changes to MREL, as applicable to the Issuer, may result 
in the Issuer having to issue a significant amount of additional MREL eligible liabilities in order 
to meet the new requirements within the required timeframe. If the Issuer were to experience 
difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to reduce its lending or investments in 
other operations which would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
In addition to the BRRD and SRM Regulation, the Dutch Act on special measures regarding 
financial institutions (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen, the "Dutch 
Intervention Act"), which has to a large extent been included in the Wft, enables the Dutch 
Minister of Finance to intervene with a bank established in the Netherlands, such as the Issuer, if 
the Minister of Finance is of the view that the stability of the financial system is in serious and 
immediate danger due to the situation that the bank is in. These powers among others consist of 
the expropriation of assets and/or liabilities (onteigening van vermogensbestanddelen) of the 
Issuer, claims against the Issuer and securities issued by or with the cooperation of the Issuer. 
It is possible that the NRA may use its powers under the BRRD or SRM Regulation or the Dutch 
Intervention Act in a way that could result in debt instruments of the Issuer absorbing losses. The 
use of these could negatively affect the position of the holders of such debt instruments and the

--- Page 20 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 17 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
credit rating attached to debt instruments then outstanding and could result in losses to the holders 
of such debt instruments, in particular if and when any of the above proceedings would be 
commenced against the Issuer. These measures and consequences could increase the Issuer's cost 
of funding and thereby have an adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position and results of 
operation. In addition, there could be amendments (including, but not limited to, the amendments 
discussed above) to the SRM and the BRRD or the Dutch Intervention Act, which may add to 
these effects. 
Finally, any perceived or actual indication that the Issuer is no longer viable, may become subject 
to recovery or resolution and/or does not meet its other recovery or resolution requirements (such 
as MREL) may have a material adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position, regulatory capital 
position and liquidity position, including increased costs of funding for regulatory purposes. 
16. The Issuer's participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme may have a material adverse effect 
on its results of operations and financial condition 
The Issuer is a participant in the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (Depositogarantiestelsel, the 
"Deposit Guarantee Scheme"), from which compensation may become payable to customers of 
financial institutions in the event the financial institution is unable to pay, or unlikely to pay, claims 
against it. The Issuer and other financial institutions are required to quarterly pay risk-weighted 
contributions into a fund to cover future drawings under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. The fund, 
in which the Issuer participates, is expected to grow to a target size of at least 0.8% of all deposits 
guaranteed under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, which should be reached by 2024. This quick 
growth could have a material effect on the Issuer's financial condition. The ultimate costs involved 
with making compensation payments under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme are allocated among 
the participating banks by DNB, based on an allocation key related to their market shares with 
respect to the deposits protected by the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. Additionally, the Issuer may 
be faced with extra costs for coverage if any claims are made under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
as a result of any financial institution participating in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme failing to pay 
claims against it. Consequently, the ultimate costs to the industry of payments which may become 
due under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme remain uncertain although they may be significant and 
the associated costs to the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations 
and financial condition. 
D. Tax Risks regarding the Issuer 
17. Changes to Dutch tax treatment 
The Dutch tax system allows borrowers to deduct, subject to certain limitations, mortgage interest 
payments for owner-occupied residences from their taxable income. The period allowed for this is 
restricted to a term of 30 years. 
For the year 2021, the maximum tax rate against which mortgage interest may be deducted for 
Dutch corporate income tax purposes is set at 43%. As per 1 January 2020, the maximum tax rate 
against which mortgage interest may be deducted will decrease with 3% per annum (instead of 
0.5% per annum) down to 37.05% in 2023. 
The accelerated rededuction of the maximum tax rate against which mortgage interest may be 
deducted for Dutch tax purposes could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of 
borrowers to pay interest and principal on their mortgage loans. In addition, changes in tax 
treatment may lead to different prepayment behaviour by borrowers on their mortgage loans 
resulting in higher or lower prepayment rates of such mortgage loans. Finally, changes in tax 
treatment may have an adverse effect on the value of the mortgaged assets. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES  
(A) Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
18. Some Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Some Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms 
relating to such Notes, including pursuant to the Issuer's option under Condition 9(b) (Redemption

--- Page 21 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 18 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
for tax reasons) and Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), and, in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes, Condition 9(f) (Redemption for regulatory purposes). An optional redemption 
feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect 
to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. No 
assurance can be given as to whether or not any amendments as a result of the EU Banking Reforms 
are deemed reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
19. A reset of the interest rate could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at an initial Rate of Interest subject to one or more resets during 
the tenor of the Notes. Such reset rate could be less than the initial Rate of Interest and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the Notes. Any such decrease in market value could lead to 
losses for Noteholders. 
20. Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
21. The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) may adversely 
affect the liquidity and value of, and return on, Notes, such as Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate Notes which are subject to one or more resets linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Various benchmarks (including interest rate benchmarks such as the London Inter-Bank Offered 
Rate ("LIBOR") and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Further to these reforms, 
a transitioning away from the interbank offered rates ("IBORs") to ‘risk-free rates’ is taking place. 
Given the uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such reforms and 
in the absence of clear market consensus at this time, the Issuer is not yet in a position to determine 
the reforms that it will apply. and the timing of applying such reforms. 
For example, in March 2017, the European Money Markets Institute (the "EMMI") (formerly 
EURIBOR-EBF) published a position paper referring to certain proposed reforms to EURIBOR, 
which reforms aim to clarify the EURIBOR specification, to develop a transaction-based 
methodology for EURIBOR and to align the relevant methodology with the Benchmark 
Regulation, the IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks and other regulatory 
recommendations. EMMI has since indicated that there has been a "change in market activity as a 
result of the current regulatory requirements and a negative interest rate environment" and "under 
the current market conditions it will not be feasible to evolve the current EURIBOR methodology 
to a fully transaction-based methodology following a seamless transition path. EMMI has since 
strengthened its governance framework and has developed a hybrid methodology for EURIBOR. 
On 28 November 2019, EMMI confirmed it has completed the transitioning of the panel banks 
from the quote-based EURIBOR methodology to the hybrid methodology. 
Following the implementation of any such (potential) reforms  (such as changes in methodology 
or otherwise) or further to other pressures (including from regulatory authorities), (i) the manner 
of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that such benchmarks may perform 
differently than in the past, (ii) one or more benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, (iii) it may 
create discincentives for market participants to continue to administer or participate in certain 
benchmarks, (iv) or there could be other consequences, including those that cannot be predicted.

--- Page 22 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 19 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark, the availability of quotes from reference banks 
to allow for the continuation of rates on any Notes, and the rate that would be applicable if the 
Reference Rate is materially amended or is discontinued, may adversely affect the trading market 
and the value of the Notes. Moreover, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
to the Reference Rate or any other relevant benchmark, or any further uncertainty in relation to the 
timing and manner of implementation of such changes could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and amounts payable under, the Notes based on or linked to a Reference Rate or other 
benchmark. 
22. Future discontinuance of EURIBOR, LIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect 
the value of Notes which reference EURIBOR, LIBOR or such other benchmark  
Investors should be aware that, if the Reference Rate has been discontinued or another Benchmark 
Event (as defined in Condition 7(e)) has occurred, the rate of interest on Notes which reference 
EURIBOR, LIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fallback provisions set out in Condition 7(e) applicable to such Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent or the Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest 
Determination Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next 
relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 
7(e)) which will determine, acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer), whether 
a certain substitute, alternative or successor rate, as well as any necessary changes to the business 
day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count 
fraction, the relevant screen page and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate 
(as defined in Condition 7(e)), as determined by the Rate Determination Agent), including any 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 7(e)) or other adjustment factor needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate. However there is no 
guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor will be determined or applied, 
or that the application of any such factor will either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to 
Noteholders.  
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and 
will apply to the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, Condition 7(e) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference Rate.  
If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement 
Reference Rate under Condition 7(e), this could result in the application of the fallback provisions 
contained in Condition 7(c), which may, for example, result in the Interest Rate being the interest 
rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Benchmark Event 
occurred and which may ultimately result in the effective application of a fixed rate to what was 
previously a Floating Rate Note. The Issuer will however be entitled (but not obliged) to in such 
case elect to re-apply the provisions of Condition 7(e), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions 
until a Replacement Reference Rate has been determined. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor, alternative and 
substitute reference rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. For example, several risk free rates, 
which are overnight rates, are currently being developed, while the Reference Rate may have a 
certain maturity, for example a term of one, three or six months. Similarly, these risk free rates 
generally do not carry an implicit element of credit risk of the banking sector, which may form part 
of the Reference Rate. The differences between the Replacement Reference Rate and the Reference 
Rate could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. In addition, 
the Replacement Reference Rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. Any 
such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations

--- Page 23 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 20 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Notes. 
Furthermore, the terms and conditions of the Notes may be amended by the Issuer, as necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of the Replacement Reference Rate, without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
23. There is a risk that the Rate Determination Agent may be considered an ‘administrator’ under 
the Benchmark Regulation 
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered as an ‘administrator’ under the Benchmark 
Regulation. This is the case if it is considered to be in control over the provision of the Replacement 
Reference Rate and/or the Rate of Interest (as defined in Condition 2(a)) on the basis of the 
Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent 
and/or otherwise in determining the applicable Rate of Interest in the context of a fallback scenario 
The Benchmark Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder 
must be licensed by the competent authority of the Member State where such administrator is 
located. There is a risk that administrators (including the Issuer and any other party, which may act 
as Rate Determination Agent) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain a necessary license, 
preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks. In such case, this may affect the 
possibility for the Rate Determination Agent to apply the fallback provision of Condition 7(e) 
meaning that the applicable benchmark will remain unchanged (but subject to the other provisions 
of Condition 7). and which may ultimately result in the effective application of a fixed rate to what 
was previously a floating rate Note Other administrators may cease to administer certain 
benchmarks because of the additional costs of compliance with the requirements of the Benchmark 
Regulation such as relating to governance and conflict of interest, control frameworks, record-
keeping and complaints-handling. 
Potential investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment 
about the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and benchmark reforms, 
investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
(B) Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
24. Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent described 
in Condition 4(b) (Status and Characteristics of Subordinated Notes). Any such Subordinated 
Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank (i) pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated obligations expressed by their 
terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank either in priority to or junior to 
the Subordinated Notes) and (ii) junior to unsubordinated obligations and those subordinated 
obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes and those 
preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law.  
As a result, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of the Subordinated 
Noteholders against the Issuer are subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect 
of those whose deposits are expressed by their terms to rank equally or junior to the Subordinated 
Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including 
those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking then other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet)), (c) other unsubordinated claims and (d) subordinated claims expressed by 
their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank in priority to the 
Subordinated Notes (collectively, "Senior Claims"). 
A Subordinated Noteholder may therefore recover less than the holders of deposit liabilities or the 
holders of other unsubordinated or subordinated liabilities of the Issuer.

--- Page 24 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 21 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Furthermore, the Conditions do not limit the amount of the liabilities ranking senior to any 
Subordinated Notes which may be incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to time, whether 
before or after the issue date of the relevant Subordinated Notes. Also the Issuer is not restricted 
in incurring or issuing further subordinated liabilities and securities ranking pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Subordinated Noteholders in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the 
winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of 
depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the 
Subordinated Noteholders. 
In addition, the rights of Subordinated Noteholders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Conditions may only be effected after the Issuer 
has obtained the written permission of the Competent Authority (as defined in Condition 2 
(Interpretation)), and (ii) the Issuer may be required to obtain the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority before effecting any repayment of Subordinated Notes following an Event 
of Default (as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default)). See Condition 13 (Events of Default) 
for further details. 
Subordinated Noteholders will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal 
amount of Subordinated Notes. See Condition 13 (Events of Default), which limits the events of 
default to (i) the Issuer being declared bankrupt and (ii) an order being made or an effective 
resolution being passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer (unless this is done in 
connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company and 
such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated 
Notes). Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under the 
Subordinated Notes, such failure will not give the Subordinated Noteholders any right to accelerate 
repayment of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes. Furthermore, Subordinated 
Noteholders will not be entitled to claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount 
owed to them by the Issuer arising or in connection with the Subordinated Notes.  
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are 
not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of 
his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. See also the risk factor "25. There is a 
redemption risk in respect of certain issues of Subordinated Notes" below. 
25. There is a redemption risk in respect of certain issues of Subordinated Notes 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of Subordinated Notes, such 
Subordinated Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or an MREL Disqualification Event (as applicable) at the amount and on the date(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms subject to (i) in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, (A) the prior written permission of the Competent Authority provided 
that at the relevant time such permission is required to be given pursuant to Article 77 CRD 
Regulation, (B) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
Issuer complies with Article 78 CRD Regulation if such is a requirement of CRD or of any future 
applicable regulation(s) at such time, which may include requiring the replacement of the 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (C) compliance with any other pre-conditions 
to, or requirements applicable to such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority 
or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time; or (ii) in the 
case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (A) the prior permission of 
the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time such permission is required and given 
and (B) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or Applicable MREL Regulations or 
such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time. No assurance can be given 
as to whether or not any amendments as a result of the EU Banking Reforms are deemed reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes. 
"Applicable MREL Regulations", "Capital Event", "Competent Authority", "CRD", "CRD 
Regulation", "MREL Disqualification Event" and "MREL Eligible Liabilities" have the

--- Page 25 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 22 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
meanings ascribed thereto in Condition 2 (Interpretation). 
The Issuer may choose to redeem the Subordinated Notes at times when prevailing interest rates 
may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. Furthermore, an optional redemption feature of Subordinated Notes may limit 
their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Subordinated Notes, 
the market value of those Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  
26. There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a CRD Capital Event, a 
Capital Event or an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer 
may, subject to (i) in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, (A) 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time such 
permission is required to be given pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation and (B) compliance with 
any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to such variation or substitution as may be 
required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to 
the Issuer at such time; or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, (A) the prior permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time 
such permission is required and given and (B) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or 
Applicable MREL Regulations or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at 
such time (but in each case without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Subordinated 
Noteholders) substitute all, but not some, of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes so that that they remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD, 
Applicable MREL Regulations or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the 
relevant time. The terms and conditions of such varied or substituted Subordinated Notes may have 
terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the 
terms and conditions of the original Subordinated Notes. No assurance can be given as to whether 
any changes to the terms and conditions will negatively affect any particular Subordinated 
Noteholder. For example, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or 
substituted Notes could be different for some categories of Subordinated Noteholders from the tax 
and stamp duty consequences of their holding the Subordinated Notes prior to such variation or 
substitution. See Condition 9(f) (Redemption for regulatory purposes) for further details. 
As indicated above, any substitution or variation in respect of the Subordinated Notes may not 
result in changes to the terms of the Subordinated Notes that are materially less favourable to the 
Subordinated Noteholders. However, the Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not 
it will approve any substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes and any such substitution 
or variation which is considered by the Competent Authority to be material (even if not materially 
less favourable to the Subordinated Noteholders) shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new 
instrument. In such case, the Subordinated Notes, if so substituted or varied, must be eligible as 
Tier 2 capital in accordance with the then prevailing regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer, which may include a requirement that (save in certain prescribed circumstances) the 
Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years after the effective date 
of such substitution or variation. Any such substitution or variation may therefore result in an 
extension of the effective maturity date of such Subordinated Notes which means that Noteholders 
are required to hold the Subordinated Notes longer than anticipated at the time of issuance. 
"CRD" and "CRD Capital Event" have the meanings ascribed thereto in Condition 2 
(Interpretation). 
27. The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior 
to the Notes 
The Conditions do not limit the amount of liabilities ranking senior or pari passu in priority of 
payment to the Subordinated Notes which may be incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to 
time, whether before or after the issue date of any Subordinated Notes. The Issuer may be able to

--- Page 26 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 23 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
incur significant additional secured or unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness and/or prior-
ranking subordinated indebtedness. If the Issuer becomes insolvent or is liquidated, or if payment 
under any secured or unsecured unsubordinated and/or prior-ranking subordinated debt obligations 
is accelerated, the Issuer's secured or unsecured unsubordinated or, as the case may be, prior-
ranking subordinated lenders would be entitled to exercise the remedies available to a secured or 
unsecured unsubordinated and/or prior-ranking subordinated lender before the Subordinated 
Noteholders. 
28. Limitation on gross-up obligation under Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
In the event withholding or deduction in respect of taxes is required by law, and Condition 12(a)(ii) 
(Taxation) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, no additional amounts shall be payable by 
the Issuer in respect of payments of principal with respect to any Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, while 
the Issuer shall pay additional amounts in respect of payments of principal with respect to any Note 
other than a Subordinated Tier 2 Note. In such event, holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may 
receive less than the full amount of principal due under such Notes upon redemption, while holders 
of Notes other than Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will, subject to certain exceptions, receive the full 
amount of principal due under such Notes upon redemption. The limited gross-up obligation in 
respect of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may adversely affect the market value of Subordinated Tier 
2 Notes. Pursuant to the Dutch tax laws in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, all payments 
of principal and interest under the Notes can be made free of withholding or deduction of any taxes 
in the Netherlands, unless the Notes qualify as equity of the Issuer for Netherlands tax purposes. 
The Notes qualify in any event as equity of the Issuer for Dutch tax purposes if each of the 
following conditions is met (i) the Notes carry an interest dependent on the profits of the Issuer; 
(ii) the Notes have a maturity in excess of 50 years, and (iii) the Notes are subordinated. However, 
as of 1 January 2020, a new conditional withholding tax on on interest payments will become 
effective in the Netherlands. See the risk factor "9. If Condition 12(a)(ii) applies and the Notes 
become subject to a withholding tax on interest in the Netherlands, the Notes may be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity under Condtion 9(b)" for further details. 
 
(C) Risks related to all series of the Notes 
29. Certain decisions of Noteholders 
Any resolution of Noteholders in respect of the Notes of a Series must be passed at a single meeting 
of all Noteholders of that Series then outstanding, as set out in more detail in Condition 17 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver). A validly adopted resolution of Noteholders 
will be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders of that Series including Noteholders and 
Couponholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders of that Series 
who voted against such resolution. 
30. The Notes are subject to substitution 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders which will be deemed to 
have been given in respect of each issue of Notes on which no payment of principal of or interest 
on any of the Notes is in default and, in the case of an issue of Subordinated Notes, after written 
approval of the Competent Authority, be replaced and substituted by either (A) any directly or 
indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer or (only in the case of Senior Notes) (B) Achmea 
B.V. as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons, as set out in more detail 
in Condition 20 (Substitution of the Issuer). Following such a substitution, the original issuer entity 
will be released from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative 
Coupons. Accordingly, a substitution of the Issuer may affect the interests of Noteholders and 
Couponholders generally. 
31. Integral multiples of less than EUR 100,000 in case of Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination of EUR 100,000 (or higher or its 
equivalent in another currency) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that the Notes be traded in amounts in excess of EUR 100,000 or its equivalent that are 
not integral multiples of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) (for the purpose of 
this paragraph, the "Stub Amount"). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such

--- Page 27 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 24 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
amounts, holds a Stub Amount may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding amounts up to at least EUR 100,000. As long as the Stub Amount is held in the relevant 
clearing system, the Noteholder will be unable to transfer this Stub Amount. 
32. Notes held in global form 
For as long as a Note is represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Note held by the 
common safekeeper, depositary or common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or by Euroclear Netherlands or (a depositary or a common depositary on behalf of) 
any other agreed clearing system, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amounts in 
respect of such Global Note or Global Registered Note will be made through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Netherlands or any other agreed clearing system, (as 
the case may be) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the relevant Global Note 
or Global Registered Note and, in the case of a Temporary Global Note, certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. The holder of the relevant Global Note or Global Registered Note, being 
the common safekeeper, depositary or common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear Netherlands, or (depositary for) any other agreed clearance system, shall 
be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the sole holder of the relevant Notes represented 
by such Global Note or Registered Global Note with respect to the payment of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amounts payable in respect of the Notes. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear Netherlands and/or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) as being 
entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an "Accountholder") 
must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Netherlands 
and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of 
each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and 
in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent 
to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the 
Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Netherlands and/or any other 
relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Note will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Netherlands or any other agreed clearing system, as the 
case may be. 
Delivery (uitlevering) of Definitive Notes represented by a Global Note or Individual Note 
Certificates represented by a Global Registered Note delivered to Euroclear Netherlands shall only 
be possible in the limited circumstances as described in the Securities Giro Act, as amended from 
time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer, the "Wge"), and such delivery will be made in accordance 
with the Wge and the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
33. Registered Notes 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amounts in respect of Registered Notes will 
be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation)) as the 
holder of the Registered Notes (in respect of Registered Notes represented by Individual Note 
Certificates) at the opening of business on the fifteenth day or (in respect of Registered Notes 
represented by a Global Registered Note) at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) 
on the Clearing System Business Day (as defined in "Form of Notes") falling prior to the due date 
of such payments. If any Registered Noteholder transfers any Registered Notes in accordance with 
the Conditions and the Agency Agreement and such transfer is notified to the Issuer prior to the 
close of business on the Record Date, the Issuer will in respect of the Registered Note so 
transferred, be discharged from its payment obligations only by payment to or to the order of the 
transferee. If the notification of transfer of the relevant Registered Note is made after the close of

--- Page 28 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 25 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
business on the Record Date (as defined in Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes), (i) the risk 
that the transfer is not timely recorded in the Register is borne by the transferee and (ii) the Issuer, 
the Registrar and the relevant Paying Agent shall not be liable as a result of any payment being 
made to the person shown in the Register in accordance with the Conditions. The Registrar shall 
fulfil certain obligations of the Principal Paying Agent in relation to payments in respect of the 
Registered Notes. 
To the extent that Dutch law is applicable, one of the requirements for a valid transfer of a Note is 
a valid delivery (levering) of that Note. Investors should be aware that delivery of a Registered 
Note requires the execution of an assignment deed (akte van cessie) between the assignor and the 
assignee and, if it concerns a notified assignment, notification thereof by the assignor or the 
assignee to the Issuer. 
34. Notes in NGN form 
Bearer Notes may be issued in NGN form, and with the intention that they be deposited as eligible 
collateral in respect of monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem with one of the international 
central securities depositories and/or central securities depositories that fulfil the minimum 
standard as common safekeeper required for such institutions by the European Central Bank (the 
"ECB"). This form of Notes and intention do not, however, necessarily mean that each Note in 
NGN form will be recognised as such eligible collateral, either upon issuance or at any or all times 
during their existence. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of all Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria at the relevant time and there can be no assurance that such Notes will be so recognised. 
Notes which do not qualify as eligible collateral for Eurosystem purposes may be of less value to 
investors than those which do. 
35. Banking legislation dealing with ailing banks gives regulators resolution powers (including 
powers to write down debt)  
In addition to the tools currently available under the Dutch Intervention Act, the BRRD and the 
SRM (see the risk factor "2. Risk related to the Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD, SRM and Revised 
State Aid Guidelines" above) provide resolution authorities the power to ensure that capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 instruments) and certain eligible 
liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) absorb losses when the Issuer meets the conditions 
for resolution, through the write-down or conversion of such instruments into (claims which may 
give right to) common equity Tier 1 instruments (the "Bail-In Tool"). 
These powers and tools are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency 
proceedings with respect to the Issuer could have been initiated. Although the applicable 
legalisation provides for conditions to the exercise of any resolution powers and EBA guidelines 
set out the objective elements for determining whether an institution is failing or likely to fail, it is 
uncertain how the relevant authority would assess such conditions in any particular pre-insolvency 
scenario affecting the Issuer and in deciding whether to exercise a resolution power. The relevant 
authority is also not required to provide any advance notice to the Noteholders of its decision to 
exercise any resolution power. Therefore, the Noteholders may not be able to anticipate a potential 
exercise of any such powers nor the potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Issuer 
or the Noteholders' rights under the Notes. 
Any financial public support is only to be considered as a final resort as resolution authorities are 
required to first assess and exploit, to the maximum extent practicable, the use of the resolution 
powers mentioned above, including the Bail-In Tool.  
The Resolution Authority can only exercise resolution powers, such as the Bail-In Tool, when it 
has determined that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution. The point at which the resolution 
authority determines that an institution meets the conditions for resolution is defined as: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer failing or likely to fail, which means (i) the Issuer has incurred/is likely to incur 
in the near future losses depleting all or substantially all its own funds, and/or (ii) the assets 
are/will be in the near future less than its liabilities, and/or (iii) the Issuer is/will be in the

--- Page 29 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 26 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
near future unable to pay its debts as they fall due, and/or (iv) the Issuer requires public 
financial support (except in limited circumstances); 
(ii) 
there is no reasonable prospect that a private action or supervisory action would prevent 
the failure within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(iii) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
Once a resolution procedure is initiated, the Resolution Authority may apply the Bail-In Tool. 
When applying the Bail-In Tool, the Resolution Authority must apply the following order of 
priority (subject to certain exceptions, which are discussed further below): 
 
(i) 
Common equity Tier 1 capital instruments; 
(ii) 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; 
(iii) 
Tier 2 capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 instruments); 
(iv) 
eligible liabilities in the form of subordinated debt that is not (or no longer) Additional 
Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings; 
(v) 
eligible liabilities qualifying as any present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations (niet preferente niet achtergestelde schuld) of the Issuer which 
have a lower ranking within the meaning of article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) than the claims in respect of all other unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer; 
(vi) 
the rest of eligible liabilities (such as Senior Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
Eligible liabilities in category (vi) include senior unsecured debt instruments (such as the Senior 
Notes) and other liabilities that are not excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Tool pursuant to the 
BRRD, such as non-covered deposits or financial instruments that are not secured. Instruments of 
the same ranking are generally written down or converted to equity on a pro rata basis subject to 
certain exceptional circumstances set out in the BRRD. 
In respect of the abovementioned rankings and the principle that the ranking in normal insolvency 
proceedings (in case of the Issuer: bankruptcy proceedings) is followed, it is highlighted, as one of 
the aforementioned exceptions, that Dutch insolvency laws do currently not provide that claims 
resulting from own funds items (such as Tier 2 instruments) have a lower priority ranking than any 
claim that does not result from an own funds item. Said claims may therefore currently have a 
similar ranking in case of insolvency proceedings under Dutch law, while having a different 
ranking in case of resolution. This is expected to change pursuant to the implementation of the EU 
Banking Reforms in the Netherlands (specifically, Article 48(7) BRRD), but the precise form and 
impact of such implementation on the Issuer and the Notes is unclear at this time. 
Other exceptions that may apply to the order in which the Resolution Authority should take the 
write-down and conversion steps notably include the statutory exclusion of certain liabilities from 
the bail-in tool (Article 44(2) BRRD) and the potential exclusion or partial exclusion of certain 
liabilities from the bail-in tool by decision of the Resolution Authority (Article 44(3) BRRD). 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the Resolution Authority could take pre-resolution actions when 
the Issuer reaches the point of non-viability and write down or convert capital instruments 
(including Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 instruments) into equity before the conditions 
for resolution are met (the "Write-Down and Conversion Power"). 
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any 
decision of the relevant authority to exercise its (pre-)resolution powers or to have that decision 
reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. Application of any of the measures 
described above shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and Noteholders will have 
no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise 
as a result of the Bail-In Tool. Accordingly, if the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion

--- Page 30 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 27 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Power is in effect and the resolution authority decides to exercise the write down power, this may 
result in claims of Noteholders being written down or converted into equity. Furthermore, it is 
possible that pursuant to other resolution or recovery rules which may in the future be applicable 
to the Issuer, new powers may be given to DNB or another relevant authority which could be used 
in such a way as to result in the debt instruments of the Issuer, such as the Notes, absorbing losses 
or otherwise affecting the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders in the course of any 
resolution of the Issuer. 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes will be subject to the Bail-In 
Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power may be inherently unpredictable and may depend 
on a number of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour 
in respect of Notes which are subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power 
is not necessarily expected to follow trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. 
Any indication that the Notes will become subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and 
Conversion Power could have an adverse effect on the market price of the relevant Notes. Potential 
investors should consider the risk that a Noteholder may lose all of its investment in such Notes, 
including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest, in the event that the Bail-In 
Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is applied. In addition, even in circumstances 
where a claim for compensation is established under the 'no creditor worse off' safeguard in 
accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely that 
such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the 
resolution and there can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover such compensation 
promptly. 
With a view to the developments described above, the Conditions of the Notes stipulate that the 
Notes may become subject to the determination by the relevant Resolution Authority or  (acting on 
the decisions and instructions by the Resolution Authority) the Issuer that (a) all or part of the 
nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be 
written down, reduced, redeemed and cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb losses subject to 
write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) 
all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
thereof, must be converted into (claims which may give right to) common equity Tier 1 instruments 
(such conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
Upon any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced, 
redeemed and cancelled or converted into (claims which may give right to) common equity Tier 1 
instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event 
of Default and (iii) the Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written 
down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation. 
Subject to any write-up by the Resolution Authority, any written-down amount as a result of 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be irrevocably lost and holders of such Notes 
will cease to have any claims for any principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest which has 
been subject to write-down. If the definitive valuation that is made ex-post shows that the level of 
write-down exceeds the requirements, the Resolution Authority may choose to apply a write-up 
(or 'write back') mechanism to reimburse Noteholders to the extent necessary. 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes will be subject to Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number 
of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect 
of Subordinated Notes which are subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation is not 
necessarily expected to follow trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any 
indication that Subordinated Notes will become subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation could have an adverse effect on the market price of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a Noteholder may lose all of its investment 
in such Notes, including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest, in the event 
that Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation occurs.

--- Page 31 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 28 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
The Dutch Intervention Act and BRRD or the SRM could negatively affect the position of certain 
categories of the Issuer's Noteholders and the credit rating attached to certain categories of Notes 
then outstanding, in particular if and when any of the above proceedings would be commenced 
against the Issuer. The rights and effective remedies of the Noteholders, as well as their market 
value, may be affected by any such proceedings. 
"Applicable Resolution Framework" and "Resolution Authority" have the meanings ascribed 
thereto in Condition 2 (Interpretation).  
36. If Condition 12(a)(ii) applies and the Notes become subject to a withholding tax on interest in 
The Netherlands, the Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity under Condtion 9(b) 
On 1 January 2021, The Netherlands introduced the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021) pursuant to which withholding tax will generally apply to interest payments 
made, as from 1 January 2021, by an entity tax resident in The Netherlands, like the Issuer, to a 
related entity (as described below) tax resident in a Listed Jurisdiction (as defined below).  
For these purposes, a jurisdiction is considered a listed jurisdiction (a "Listed Jurisdiction"), if it 
is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing jurisdictions and non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden 
voor belastingdoeleinden) which includes (i) jurisdictions with a corporation tax on business 
profits with a general statutory rate of less than 9% and (ii) jurisdictions that are included in the 
EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions.  
For the fiscal year 2021, the following 23 jurisdictions are Listed Jurisdictions: American Samoa, 
Anguilla, the Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman 
Islands, Fiji, Guam, Guernsey, Isle of Man, Jersey, Palau, Panama, Samoa, Seychelles, Trinidad 
and Tobago, Turkmenistan, Turks and Caicos Islands, Vanuatu, the United Arab Emirates, and the 
U.S. Virgin Islands. 
Generally, an entity is considered a related entity if (i) such entity has a Qualifying Interest (as 
defined below) in the Issuer, (ii) the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in such entity, or (iii) a third 
party has a Qualifying Interest in both the Issuer and such entity.  
The term "Qualifying Interest" means a directly or indirectly held interest – either individually or 
jointly as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that gives the holder of such 
interest definite influence over the decisions of the entity in which the interest is held and allows 
for the determination of its activities.  
The new withholding tax may also apply in situations where artificial structures are put in place 
with the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid the Dutch withholding tax, e.g., where 
an interest payment to a Listed Jurisdiction is artificially routed via an intermediate entity in a non-
Listed Jurisdiction or the related entity to the issuer is not considered to be a tax resident anywhere. 
The withholding tax may also apply in situations where payments are made to hybrid entities. 
In practice, the Issuer may not always be able to assess whether a holder of Notes is a related entity 
with respect to the Issuer or located in a Listed Jurisdiction. The parliamentary history is unclear 
on the Issuer’s responsibilities to determine the absence of affiliation in respect of notes issued in 
the market, like the Notes.  
If the Notes become subject to the new withholding tax on interest because of a change in or an 
amendment to the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) or its regulation and the 
Issuer would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for in Condition 12(a)(ii) 
(Taxation) as a result thereof, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, pursuant 
to its option under Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
If the Notes are redeemed at the option of the Issuer, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvest-ment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 32 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 29 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
(D) Risks related to the market generally 
37. Limited liquidity of the Notes 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Even if application is 
made to list Notes on a stock exchange, there can be no assurance that a secondary market for any 
of the Notes will develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide the 
Noteholders with liquidity or that any such liquidity will continue for the life of the Notes. A 
decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Notes may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility 
associated with the price of such issue of Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Any investor in the Notes must be prepared to 
hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until redemption of the Notes. If any person 
begins making a market for the Notes, it is under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop 
making a market at any time. 
38. Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal which may lead to losses for such 
investors. 
39. Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
Any ratings assigned to the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised 
or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. 
A rating assigned to any Notes by a rating agency may provide an indication of the probability of 
default and the recovery given a default of the debt instrument, or of the expected loss posed to 
investors. Other non-credit risks may not have been addressed in awarding such rating, but may 
have significant effect on yield to investors. 
Any expected ratings of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms for each Series. Any 
rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgement of the rating 
agency, the credit quality of the Notes has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the 
Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced.

--- Page 33 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 30 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.  
Any information from third parties identified in this Base Prospectus as such has been accurately 
reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by a 
third party, does not omit any facts which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
Save for the Issuer, no other party has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agent or any of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in or incorporated into this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither the Arranger, the Dealers 
nor the Agent accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as the competent authority in the Issuer's 
home Member State of the EEA pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has only approved 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in this Base Prospectus (other than 
the hyperlinks contained in the section "Incorporation by Reference" below) does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any 
state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the 
foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the accuracy or adequacy of this Base 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. The Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales 
and transfers of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". Bearer Notes are in bearer form and are therefore 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons. Terms used in the 
preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by the Code. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or the Agent to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
any of the Dealers or the Agent. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in

--- Page 34 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 31 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstance, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of 
any information coming to their attention. The Issuer has no obligation to update this Base Prospectus, 
except when required by and in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation 
in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Japan, The Netherlands and Ireland and such 
other restrictions as may apply, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Issuer will furnish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in case of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may 
affect the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when this Base Prospectus 
has been approved and when trading of any Series or Tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins, in 
respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (each, a "Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those 
Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which 
an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. The 
expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
EU MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include 
a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (an "EU distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, an EU distributor subject to EU MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 35 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 32 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION - Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to, inter alia, the London inter-bank 
offered rate ("LIBOR"), which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE") and the 
Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the EMMI. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, EMMI and ICE appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, "IDD"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before 
exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic

--- Page 36 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 33 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes of the Series of which such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules prevailing at the relevant time. 
All references in this document to euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) 
No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, references to Sterling and £ refer to 
pounds sterling, references to U.S. Dollars and $ refer to United States dollars, references to JPY and ¥ 
refer to Japanese Yen and references to CHF and SFr refer to Swiss Franc. 
S&P's long-term counterparty credit rating of the Issuer is 'A-', with a stable outlook and the short-term 
counterparty credit rating of the Issuer is 'A-2', with a stable outlook. S&P is established in the European 
Economic Area and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
Fitch has assigned a "A"/Stable/F-1 in respect of the Issuer. Fitch is established in the European Economic 
Area and registered under the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under this Programme may be rated or unrated, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic 
Area and registered (or which has applied for registration and not been refused) under the CRA Regulation, 
or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the European Economic Area but will be 
endorsed by a CRA which is established in the European Economic Area and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the European Economic Area 
or in the United Kingdom but which is certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation, unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration is 
not refused. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 37 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 34 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Base Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms 
The Conditions apply to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme. The full 
terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche of Notes can be reviewed by reading the Conditions as set 
out in full in this Base Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all Notes to be offered under the Programme, 
together with the applicable Final Terms which applies and/or disapplies and supplements the Conditions 
of the Programme in the manner required to reflect the particular terms and conditions applicable to the 
relevant Series of Notes (or Tranche thereof). 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Obligations under the Notes 
The Notes will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of the Arranger or the Dealers or any 
other party to the Programme, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or 
incorporators, other than the Issuer. The Issuer will be liable solely in its corporate capacity for its 
obligations in respect of the Notes, and such obligations will not be the obligations of its officers, members, 
directors, employees, security holders or incorporators.

--- Page 38 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 35 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE; DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATION 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE  
The following documents published or issued on or prior to the date hereof are incorporated into, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English language publicly available press release regarding the unaudited and unreviewed 
financial results for the period ended 30 June 2020 of the Issuer, which can be obtained from: 
https://www.achmeabank.nl/_cache/achmea-
bank/media/jlxrz98714/Press_Release_Achmea_Bank_2020_Half_Year_Financial_Results.pdf?
hash=987ef0af161194fc;  
(b) 
the Issuer's publicly available audited annual consolidated financial statements for the years ended 
31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 (including the independent auditor’s report thereon), 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.achmeabank.nl/_cache/achmea-
bank/media/hkfus79389/Annual_report_Achmea_Bank_2018.pdf?hash=d22dc2b2922b9064 and 
from 
https://www.achmeabank.com/_cache/achmea-
bank/media/jzxfp97132/Annual_Report_Achmea_Bank_2019.pdf?hash=82a9c2cd3f8c0145; 
(c) 
the press release titled "Achmea takes next step in the process of combining its mortgage activities 
by setting up a separate account" dated 4 August 2020, which can be obtained from 
https://www.achmeabank.com/_cache/achmea-
bank/media/dfjgy98672/Press_Release_Achmea_Bank_Separate_Account_4_aug_2020.pdf?has
h=8c97742d7a548eea; 
(d) 
the press release titled "Achmea Bank acquires portfolio of Dutch residential mortgages" dated 9 
November 
2020, 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://news.achmea.nl/download/948758/pressrelease-residentialmortgages.pdf; and 
(e) 
the press release titled "Miriam van Dongern appointed as supervisory director at Achmea Bank" 
dated 
22 
December 
2020, 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.achmeabank.com/news/miriam-van-dongen-appointed-as-supervisory-director-at-
achmea-bank, 
save that any statement contained herein or any of the documents incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agents will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base 
Prospectus has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents 
deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be directed either to 
the Issuer or the Paying Agents, at their respective offices set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATION 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any section of this Base Prospectus, will have the 
meaning attributed thereto in any other section of this Base Prospectus. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 39 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 36 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The euro equivalent of the net proceeds from each issue of Senior Notes will be used by the Issuer for 
general corporate purposes. The euro equivalent of the net proceeds from each issue of Subordinated Notes 
may be used to strengthen or replace respectively the Issuer's MREL or capital base and/or for general 
corporate purposes.

--- Page 40 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 37 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which, will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
[Date] 
Achmea Bank N.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands with its statutory seat in The Hague) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 724500AH42V5X8BCPE49 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the "Notes") 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note Programme 
EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (an "EU distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, an EU distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] . Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules")  is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, "IDD"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before 
exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic

--- Page 41 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 38 -
55-41000509 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance 
of the Notes described herein.] 1 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 January 2021 [and the supplemental 
Base Prospectus dated [•] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
[for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]2. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto.] 3 [This document does not constitute "Final 
Terms" for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto.]4] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
[2015]/[2016]/[2017]/[2018]/[2019] Conditions (the "Conditions") in the Base Prospectus dated [original 
date] which are incorporated by reference herein. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base 
prospectus dated [original date] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. [This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.] [This document does not constitute "Final Terms" for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.]5] 
1
Include this sentence in case of exempt offers which will not be listed or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market. 
2
Delete this language in case of exempt offers which will not be listed or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market. 
3
Delete this language in case of exempt offers which will not be listed or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market. 
4
Include this sentence in case of exempt offers which will not be listed or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market. 
5
Include this sentence in case of exempt offers which will not be listed or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market.

--- Page 42 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 39 -
55-41000509 
[Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any 
Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore 
through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities 
(subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the ''ITA''), shall not 
apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations through a 
permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, 
redemption premium or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons 
described above) shall include such interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or 
break cost in a return of income made under the ITA.]6 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing [at 
www.achmeabank.com] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from 
[address]] free of charge. Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including 
[www.achmeabank.com], does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base 
Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus. [The Base Prospectus with the 'original date' must be approved by the competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
Issuer:
Achmea Bank N.V. 
2.
(i)  
Series Number:
[•] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number:
[•]] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
21 below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[•] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[•] 
(i)
Series:
[•] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5.
Issue Price:
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable.)] 
6  
Iinclude if the Notes are intended to qualify as "qualifying debt securities" ("QDS") for the purposes 
of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.''

--- Page 43 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 40 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
Where multiple denominations above EUR 100,000 
(or equivalent) are being used (when Notes are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market) the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[EUR 
100,000] 
(or 
the 
relevant 
higher 
denomination) and integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 
99,000] (or twice the relevant higher denomination 
minus the smallest denomination). No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [EUR 199,000] (or twice the relevant higher 
denomination minus the smallest denomination)" 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) the 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year.] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify the date when 
any fixed to floating rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there.] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] (Only for Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes not being Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes) 
 
 
[Call Option] 
[Regulatory Call] (Only for Subordinated Notes) 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated [Tier 2] Notes] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained:] 
[•] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche

--- Page 44 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 41 -
55-41000509 
of Notes. If not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph (ii).) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
(Insert the relevant wording for each interest 
period:)  
[[•]% per annum]/[the aggregate of [•] per cent. and 
the Mid Swap Rate [per annum/[•]] [determined by 
the Agent]/[•] [[From (and including) [•] up to ([and 
including/but excluding]) [•]] [and from (and 
including) [•] up to ([and including/but excluding]) 
[•]] [payable in arrears on each Interest Payment 
Date.] 
 ["Mid Swap Rate" means the annual mid swap rate 
for [Euro][U.S. Dollar] swap transaction with a 
maturity of [•] years, expressed as a percentage, 
displayed on Bloomberg ICAE screen page [•] (or 
such other page as may replace that page on 
Bloomberg, or such other service as may be 
designated 
by 
the 
[Managers]/[Dealer] 
in 
consultation with the Issuer) at [•] [a.m./p.m.] ([•] 
time) on the [second] Business Day prior to [•].] 
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[Not Applicable] / [•] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[•] 
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi)
[Determination Dates:
[•] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA).)] 
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[•] 
(ii)
Specified Period:
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be

--- Page 45 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 42 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
(iii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•], subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
(iv) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Principal 
Paying Agent]): 
[Not Applicable/ [Name] shall be the Calculation 
Agent (no need to specify if the Principal Paying 
Agent is to perform this function.)] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. If applicable, only 
fill in the remaining sub-paragraphs.) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[Specify term [LIBOR/ EURIBOR]] 
 
(b) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters LIBOR 01/ EURIBOR 01] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(e) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. If applicable, only 
fill in the remaining sub-paragraphs.) 
 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[•]

--- Page 46 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 43 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
 
(d) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation/Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only for Senior Notes 
and Subordinated Notes not being Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•]

--- Page 47 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 44 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
19. 
Regulatory Call: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
(Regulatory) of each Note: 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
(iii) 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
for 
Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
[•] 
[Full exclusion only/Full or partial exclusion] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is other than 
100 per cent. of the nominal value, the Notes will be 
derivative securities for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the requirements of 
Annex 17 and/or 28 to the Prospectus Regulation 
will apply.) 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) (Tax) or 
Early Termination Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Variation or Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Condition 20 (Substitution of the Issuer) 
applies: 
[Yes/No] (in case of Subordinated Notes.) 
[Yes] (in case of Senior Notes.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] [and [in respect of a 
Permanent Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands] only in the limited circumstances as 
described in the Securities Giro Act (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) and in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] [and [in respect of a 
Permanent Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands] only in the limited circumstances as 
described in the Securities Giro Act (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) and in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands]

--- Page 48 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 45 -
55-41000509 
[Registered Notes] 
[Global 
Registered 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual Note Certificates in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note] [and [in respect of a Global Registered Note 
deposited with Euroclear Netherlands] only in the 
limited circumstances as described in the Securities 
Giro Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of 
Euroclear Netherlands]] 
25.
New Global Note:
[Yes/No] 
26.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end dates, 
to which sub paragraphs 14(ii) and 15(v).) 
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which
such Talons mature):
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are left.] 
28.
Condition 12 (Taxation, Gross-up)
[Condition 12(a) under (i) applies and Condition 
9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) does not apply] 
[Condition 12(a) under (ii) applies and Condition 
9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) applies.] 
29.
Statement on Benchmark[s]:
[[LIBOR 
/ 
EURIBOR] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). [As far as the Issuer 
is 
aware, 
administrator 
legal 
name], 
as 
administrator of [LIBOR / EURIBOR] is not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation] OR [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply], 
such that [legal name of administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union or the United Kingdom, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 49 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 46 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Signed on behalf of ACHMEA BANK N.V.: 
 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 50 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 47 -
55-41000509 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing:
[The Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext 
Dublin / None] 
(ii)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of The Irish Stock Exchange 
trading as Euronext Dublin] with effect from [•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of The Irish Stock 
Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin] with effect 
from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(iii)
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses
related to admission to trading:
[•] 
2.
RATINGS
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
Ratings: 
[S&P*: [•]] 
[Fitch*: [•]] 
[specify relevant rating agency] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(*The exact legal name of the rating agency entity 
providing the rating should be specified-for 
example "Standard & Poor's Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited", rather than just 
Standard and Poor's.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable:] 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website

--- Page 51 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 48 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the

--- Page 52 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 49 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
"CRA Regulation (UK)") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on [FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing

--- Page 53 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 50 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"]. 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below: 
 
Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the

--- Page 54 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 51 -
55-41000509 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests) 
When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER
AND ESTIMATED NET
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS
Reasons for the Offer
 [ ] 
Estimated net proceeds:
 [ ] 
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only -YIELD
Indication of yield:
[•] 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN Code:
[•] 
(ii)
Common Code:
[•] 
(iii)
Other relevant code:
[•] 
[FISN: [•] [See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced from 
the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
[CFI code: [•] [See the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced from 
the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
(iv)
Any clearing system(s) other
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV,
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and
the 
relevant 
identification
number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(v)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vi)
Names 
and 
addresses 
of
additional Paying Agent(s):
[•] 
(vii)
Intended to be held in a manner
which would allow Eurosystem
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 55 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 52 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text 
for registered notes]]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 56 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 53 -
55-41000509 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final 
Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this and in relation 
to Notes which will not be listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the Final 
Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base 
Prospectus, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under the section entitled 
"Form of Notes - Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form". 
1.
Introduction
(a)
Programme: Achmea Bank N.V. (the "Issuer") has established a Medium Term Note
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €10,000,000,000 in aggregate
principal amount of notes (the "Notes").
(b)
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms
and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the
relevant Final Terms shall prevail.
(c)
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement
dated 27 January 2021 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, ABN AMRO Bank
N.V. as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression includes
any successor principal paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the
Notes), ABN AMRO Bank N.V. as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes
any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying
Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed
from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein
(together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any
successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the
Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the
Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them.
(d)
The Notes: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered
form ("Registered Notes"). Each Note may be a senior Note ("Senior Note") or a
subordinated Note ("Subordinated Note"). All subsequent references in these Conditions
to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of
the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the Specified Offices (as defined
below) of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
(e)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency
Agreement and are subject to its detailed provisions. The Noteholders and the holders of
the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons",
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the
Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each
of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
2.
Interpretation
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 57 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 54 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
"Achmea Group" means Achmea B.V. and its subsidiaries (dochtermaatschappijen); 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL requirement 
then in effect and applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or consolidated basis) 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or 
implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies 
relating to the MREL requirement adopted by the Competent Authority from time to time 
(whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies 
have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer); 
"Applicable Resolution Framework" means any relevant laws and regulations 
applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted 
within the context of BRRD or any other resolution, intervention or recovery rules which 
may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment 
firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund 
and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, including 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/877) and the Dutch Intervention Act; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and 
Directives 
2001/24/EC, 
2002/47/EC, 
2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 
2007/36/EC, 
2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) 
No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended from time to 
time, including by Directive (EU) 2019/879); 
 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following

--- Page 58 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 55 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Event" means a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
that has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated Notes being excluded, in 
whole but not in part, from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of the CRD Regulation) 
of the Issuer or reclassified as own funds of  lower quality of the Issuer, which change in 
regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date and if such is a requirement of CRD or of any future applicable regulation(s) at such 
time, and, if redeemed within five years after the Issue Date, (ii) is considered by the 
Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain and (iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their 
issuance, as required by Article 78(4) CRD Regulation; 
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations 
thereunder;  
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank (the "ECB"), Dutch Central 
Bank (De Nederlansche Bank N.V., "DNB") or other authority having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Resolution Authority (if applicable), as determined by the Issuer; 
"Couponholder" has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes); 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD Capital Event" means the event whereby the whole of the outstanding nominal

--- Page 59 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 56 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
amount of the Subordinated Notes can no longer be included in full in the Tier 2 capital 
of the Issuer by reason of their non-compliance with CRD or such other regulatory capital 
rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time; 
"CRD" means together, (i) the CRD Directive, (ii) the CRD Regulation and (iii) the Future 
Capital Instruments Regulations; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC 
and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as amended from time to time, 
including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019); 
"CRD Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to 
time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 60 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 57 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30x
1
Y
2
Y
360x
−
+
−
+
−
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30x
1
Y
2
Y
360x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 61 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 58 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30x
1
Y
2
Y
360x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to 
but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Dutch Intervention Act" means de Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële 
ondernemingen; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory)" means, in respect of any Subordinated Note, 
its principal amount; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"FATCA" means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code; 
"FATCA Withholding" means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such 
an intergovernmental agreement); 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"FMSA" means the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel 
toezicht);

--- Page 62 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 59 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
"Future Capital Instruments Regulations" means any regulatory capital rules 
implementing the CRD Regulation or the CRD Directive which may from time to time be 
introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory 
technical standards or implementing technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the 
ECB, DNB, the European Banking Authority or other relevant resolution authority, which 
are applicable to the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) and which lay down the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
of the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) as required by (i) the CRD Regulation or (ii) 
the CRD Directive; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
- Title to Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or

--- Page 63 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 60 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
A "MREL Disqualification Event" shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or 
change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated 
Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become: 
(a) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, fully excluded; or 
(b) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, fully or partially excluded, 
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, 
and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that a MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Subordinated Notes from 
the relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the 
Subordinated Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility 
criteria for such minimum requirements under the Applicable MREL Regulations 
effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Subordinated Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible 
Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement; 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor 
term) which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by 
then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or consolidated 
basis) under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
"MREL Requirement" means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
which is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or 
consolidated basis); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes);

--- Page 64 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 61 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or 
(in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes on the Interest Payment Dates specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions;

--- Page 65 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 62 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or the Early 
Termination Amount; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR or LIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Register" means the register to be kept by ABN AMRO Bank N.V. as registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented 
by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other similar 
instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange 
or in any securities market or any guarantee in respect of any such indebtedness; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any

--- Page 66 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 63 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency 
of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;  
"Resolution Authority" means the European Single Resolution Board, the ECB, the DNB 
or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having the power to impose 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation on the Notes pursuant to the Applicable 
Resolution Framework. For the avoidance of doubt, in case of the Dutch Intervention Act, 
the Resolution Authority is the Dutch Minister of Finance; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws 
of any jurisdiction; 
"Senior Noteholder" means the holder of a Senior Note; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, 
any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated in those of the first Person (provided 
the first Person is the direct or indirect parent of the second Person); 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under

--- Page 67 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 64 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the Notes; and 
(ix) 
any references in these Conditions to any particular provision, article, clause, 
section or paragraph of a law, directive, regulation or other legislation shall 
include such provision, article, clause, section or paragraph as consolidated, 
amended, re-enacted or replaced). 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a 
Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the 
case of Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" 
and "Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may 
include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral 
multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be 
issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note 
Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded 
in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name 
such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a 
joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in 
the case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the 
endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no 
Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and 
(j) (Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be 
transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of 
transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent 
may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered

--- Page 68 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 65 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred 
and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified 
Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note 
Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender 
of a Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) 
above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate 
of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at 
its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or 
(at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail 
if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this 
paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and 
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of 
Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed 
by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests 
in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for those preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law and other than those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having 
a lower ranking in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or 
any other provision implementing article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive 
(EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands). 
(b) 
Status and Characteristics of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
(i) pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated obligations 
expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank either in 
priority to or junior to the Subordinated Notes) and (ii) junior to unsubordinated obligations and 
those subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Subordinated 
Notes and those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. 
As a result, the claims of the Subordinated Noteholders against the Issuer are in the event of the 
liquidation (ontbinding) or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, subordinated to (a) the claims 
of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits are expressed by their terms to rank 
equally or junior to the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the

--- Page 69 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 66 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
repayment of borrowed money (including those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having 
a lower ranking then other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer in reliance on 
article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)), (c) other unsubordinated claims 
and (d) subordinated claims expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions 
of law to rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes (collectively, "Senior Claims"). 
The Subordinated Notes may qualify as Tier 2 capital of the Issuer ("Subordinated Tier 2 Notes") 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable 
to the Issuer from time to time. 
From (and including) the Effective Date, the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may, by qualifying as and 
by comprising part of the own funds of the Issuer, have a lower priority ranking than any claim 
that does not result from an own funds item in the manner stipulated by, and within the meaning 
of, the Amending Act. 
"Effective Date" means the date on which the Amending Act becomes effective in The 
Netherlands. 
"Amending Act" means the Act implementing article 48(7) of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019. 
(c) 
No set-off or netting 
No Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting 
in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes or relative Coupons. 
5. 
Negative Pledge – Senior Notes 
So long as any Senior Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not and the Issuer shall procure 
that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole 
or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries except for (i) Security Interests 
created or preference arising by operation of any law, (ii) Security Interests created over real 
property to secure borrowings to finance the purchase or improvement of such real property, (iii) 
Security Interests created over assets existing at the time of acquisition thereof, (iv) Security 
Interests created over assets in connection with the Issuer's secured EMTN programme and any 
successor, replacement or similar secured debt issuance programme or transaction and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, (v) the Issuer's covered bond programme (and successor covered bonds 
programme) and securitisation transactions or similar transactions purporting a legal transfer of 
assets, without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Senior Notes equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Senior Notes as may be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). The Rate of Interest may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for all Interest Periods or 
(ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Interest Periods. Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well 
after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has

--- Page 70 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 67 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount and, if the 
Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not specified shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and

--- Page 71 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 68 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate 
(LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other 
case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Replacement Reference Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7, if the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, 
that a Benchmark Event (as defined below) has occurred in relation to certain Notes, the 
Issuer may, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant 
Interest Determination Date), appoint a Rate Determination Agent, which will in respect 
of such Notes determine, acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer), 
whether a substitute, alternative or successor rate for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest in respect of each Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter 
that is substantially comparable to the Reference Rate is available, or whether a substitute, 
alternative or successor has been recommended or selected by the monetary authority or 
similar authority (or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency, 
or widely recognized industry association or body, is available or whether a substitute, 
alternative or successor rate has developed or is expected to develop in an industry 
accepted rate for debt market instruments such as or comparable to the relevant Notes is 
available. If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute, alternative or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate as determined by the Rate 
Determination Agent, the "Replacement Reference Rate") for purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest on each Interest Determination Date falling at least five business days 
after such determination, (A) the Rate Determination Agent will also in consultation with

--- Page 72 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 69 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
the Issuer (and in consultation with the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination 
Agent is the Issuer) determine any necessary changes to the business day convention, the 
definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction, the 
relevant screen page and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any Adjustment Spread (as defined below) or other adjustment factor needed to 
make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate (in 
each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Reference Rate), although there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment 
Spread or other adjustment factor will be determined or applied, or that the application of 
any such factor will either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders; (B) 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions applicable to the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above 
(including the Adjustment Spread); and (C) the Rate Determination Agent will (again) 
notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will 
give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent (if not the same party) and the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 19), specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described 
in (A) above and the effective date thereof. The Issuer may, without the consent of any or 
all Noteholders, make any amendments to these Conditions in relation to the relevant 
Notes that are necessary to ensure the proper operation of the foregoing. 
For the avoidance of doubt if a Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Rate 
Determination Agent in accordance with the this Condition 7(e), this Replacement 
Reference Rate will be applied to all relevant future payments on the relevant Notes, 
subject to this Condition 7(e). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 7(e) may be (re-
)applied if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference Rate. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to 
above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if not the same 
party), the Noteholders and no liability to any such person will attach to the Rate 
Determination Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes in the absence of bad faith or fraud. If the Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Refer-
ence Rate or any of the other matters referred to above, then the Reference Rate (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) or screen rate will remain the rate in effect (but 
subject to the other provisions of Condition 5.2) in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest Determination Dates will remain subject 
to the operation of the provisions of this Condition 7. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 7(e), mutatis mutan-dis, on one or 
more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 7(e) (and, until such determination and notification (if 
any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions will 
continue to apply). For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this 
Condition 7(e) and no consent or approval of any Noteholder shall be required. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(e), no Replacement Reference 
Rate will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Subordinated Notes 
will be made pursuant to this Condition 7(e), if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to: 
(i) 
impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility as 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes; and/or

--- Page 73 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 70 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(ii) 
prejudice the qualification of the Subordinated Notes as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities; and/or 
(iii) 
result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or 
amendment(s) as a new issuance of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 7(e) with regard to 
Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority 
and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such 
permission is required to be given) and  compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to such amendment as may be required by the Competent 
Authority and/or Resolution Authority, Applicable MREL Regulations, CRD or such 
other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate 
Determination Agent (as defined below), and acting in good faith, determines is required 
to be applied to the Replacement Reference Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate by any competent authority, any working 
group in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference 
rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or any widely 
recognised industry association or body; or (if no such recommendation has been 
made) 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines, following consultation with the Issuer 
and acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for debt market instruments such as or comparable to the Notes or for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Replacement Reference Rate; or (if the 
Rate Determination Agent determines that no such industry accepted standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent, in its discretion and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate has ceased to be representative or an industry accepted rate 
for debt market instruments (as determined by the the Rate Determination or if 
not yet appointed, the Issuer), and acting in good faith such as, or comparable to, 
the Notes; or 
(ii) 
it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited (including, without limitation, for 
the Calculation Agent) pursuant to any law, regulation or instruction from a 
competent authority, to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Reference Rate or otherwise make use of the Reference Rate with 
respect to the Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate has changed materially, ceased to be published for a period of 
at least five Business Days or ceased to exist; or

--- Page 74 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 71 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(iv) 
a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate or its 
supervisor that the Reference Rate will, by a specified date within the following 
six months, be materially changed, no longer be representative, cease to be 
published, be discontinued or be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences or that contributors are no longer 
required by that supervisor to contribute input data to the administrator for 
purposes of the Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, in case the specified 
date lies more than six months after the date the public statement is made, this 
event will be deemed to occur as of the date such specified date lies within the 
following six months); 
(v) 
a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate or its 
supervisor that the Reference Rate has materially changed, is no longer 
representative, has ceased to be published, is discontinued or is prohibited from 
being used or that its use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences or that 
the supervisor no longer requires contributors to contribute input data to the 
administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise as reasonably determined by 
the Rate Determination Agent in its sole discretion. 
"Rate Determination Agent" means (i) an independent third party (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) appointed by the Issuer, using commercially 
best efforts, or (ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint such third party, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), to determine the 
Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount 
is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate 
the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the

--- Page 75 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 72 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(j) 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or 
purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount 
on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) or 
Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 12(a)(ii) (Taxation) or the Issuer will 
not obtain full or substantially full relief for the purposes of Dutch 
corporation tax for any interest payable as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of The Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction),

--- Page 76 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 73 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date 
hereof; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due or would not obtain full or substantially full relief 
for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any interest 
payable; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due or would not obtain full or 
substantially full relief for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax 
for any interest payable. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment respectively the Issuer will not obtain 
full or substantially full relief for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any interest 
payable. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
If the Subordinated Notes qualify as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority provided that, at the relevant time, 
such permission is required to be given pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation, (ii) have 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer complies with 
Article 78 CRD Regulation if such is a requirement of CRD or of any future applicable 
regulation(s) at such time, which may include requiring the replacement of the 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other 
pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to such redemption as may be required by 
the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at such time. The Competent Authority may only permit the Issuer to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes at any time within five years after the Issue Date if, there is a change 
in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes which the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of their issuance. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders or such other period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice

--- Page 77 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 74 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
Further, if the Subordinated Notes qualify as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must 
(i) obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority provided that, at the 
relevant time, such permission is required to be given pursuant to Article 77 CRD 
Regulation, (ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
Issuer complies with Article 78 CRD Regulation if such is a requirement of CRD or of 
any future applicable regulation(s) at such time, which may include requiring the 
replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the 
Principal Paying Agent approves and in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the 
serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each 
Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (in respect of Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes not being Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes) as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) 
accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with 
a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of 
any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption 
moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the 
relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent 
in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying 
Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption for regulatory purposes: If Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or an 
MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may at its option, subject to:  
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, (A) 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the

--- Page 78 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 75 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
relevant time such permission is required to be given pursuant to Article 77 CRD 
Regulation, (B) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the Issuer complies with Article 78 CRD Regulation if such is a 
requirement of CRD or of any future applicable regulation(s) at such time, which 
may include requiring the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer and (C) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to such redemption as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer 
at such time; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (A) 
the prior permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time 
such permission is required and given and (B) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to such redemption as may be required 
by the Competent Authority or Applicable MREL Regulations or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time,  
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the 
Subordinated Noteholders redeem at any time (in the case of Subordinated Notes other 
than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated 
Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory) together with accrued interest (if any) 
to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Variation or Substitution for regulatory purposes: If Variation or Substitution is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a CRD Capital Event, a Capital Event or an 
MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject 
to:  
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, (A) 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the 
relevant time such permission is required to be given pursuant to Article 77 CRD 
Regulation and (B) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to such variation or substitution as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer 
at such time; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (A) 
the prior permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time 
such permission is required and given and (B) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to such redemption as may be required 
by the Competent Authority or Applicable MREL Regulations or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time, 
(but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Subordinated Noteholders) 
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some, of the 
Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become compliant with CRD, Applicable MREL Regulations or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. Upon the expiry of the 
notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(g), as the case may be, provided 
that such substitution or variation shall not result in terms that are materially less 
favourable to the Subordinated Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Competent 
Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any such substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes. 
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and

--- Page 79 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 76 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
the same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated 
Notes, (3) have the same maturity date and redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes, 
(4) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment 
date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) 
the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognised stock exchange if the 
Subordinated Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any 
time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 9(f) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are 
purchased therewith. The purchase by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes shall be subject to (i) the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority, provided that at the relevant time such permission 
is required to be given pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation and save that any such 
purchase may only take place within 5 years after the Issue Date subject to, if and to the 
extent then required by the Competent Authority, CRD or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at the relevant time, (a) the Issuer having before or at the same time as such 
purchase, replaced the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority having permitted such purchase on the basis of the determination 
that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances, (b) the Subordinated Notes being purchased for market making purposes 
in accordance with CRD and/or Applicable MREL Regulations (as applicable) or (c) the 
Issuer otherwise being permitted to make such purchase under the CRD and/or Applicable 
MREL Regulation (as applicable) and/or (ii) compliance with any other or alternative pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to such purchase as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer 
at such time. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and 
may not be reissued or resold. 
(k) 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation: Notes may become subject to the 
determination by the relevant Resolution Authority or (acting on the decisions and 
instructions by the Resolution Authority) the Issuer that without the consent of the 
Noteholder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes, including accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced, redeemed and cancelled or 
otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority 
(such loss absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the nominal 
amount of the Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be 
converted into (claims which may give right to) common equity Tier 1 instruments (such 
conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework. Upon any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding

--- Page 80 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 77 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
nominal amount of the Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
shall be written down, reduced, redeemed and cancelled or converted into (claims which 
may give right to) common equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb 
losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the 
Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or 
subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation. 
Upon any write down, reduction, redemption and cancellation or conversion of a 
proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes, any reference in these 
Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amounts or Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes shall be deemed to be to the 
amount resulting after such write down, reduction, redemption and cancellation or 
conversion. 
In addition, subject to the determination by the relevant Resolution Authority and without 
the consent of the Noteholders, the Notes may be subject to other resolution measures as 
envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as replacement or 
substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Notes, expropriation of Noteholders, modification 
of the terms of the Notes and/or suspension or termination of the listings of the Notes. 
Such determination, the implementation thereof and the rights of Noteholders shall be as 
prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include the concept that, 
upon such determination, no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from any such event and that 
any such event shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
10. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying 
Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency 
in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at 
the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject 
in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation). No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments.

--- Page 81 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 78 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 13 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a 
statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal

--- Page 82 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 79 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but 
excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(k) 
FATCA: Payments will be subject in all cases to any FATCA Withholding. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the 
due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, 
if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) 
and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the 
due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, 
if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) 
and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are 
subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation). No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business 
Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where 
payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments 
of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment 
and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of 
payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A 
Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect 
of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment 
Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 11 arriving after 
the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the 
Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant 
Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the 
Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the 
"Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque,

--- Page 83 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 80 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register 
at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
(g) 
FATCA: Payments will be subject in all cases to any FATCA Withholding. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of The Netherlands or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law and, in respect of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes only, at the initiative of the relevant tax authority of the Issuer. 
In that event, the Issuer shall, depending on which provision is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, either:  
(i) 
make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges for the account of the Noteholders and Couponholders, as 
the case may be, and shall not pay any additional amounts to the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders; or 
(ii) 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Noteholders or Couponholders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal (other than in respect of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence 
of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(A) 
in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes only, in respect of payment of 
any amount of principal; or 
(B) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which 
such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note 
or Coupon; or 
(C) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or 
surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or Coupon would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering 
such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of 
such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than The Netherlands, references in these Conditions to The Netherlands shall be 
construed as references to The Netherlands and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA withholding: The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any FATCA 
Withholding. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the 
Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
13. 
Events of Default 
Senior Notes

--- Page 84 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 81 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
In the case of Senior Notes only, if any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of 
Default"), shall have occurred: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest or principal in respect of the 
Notes for more than 14 calendar days after the due date for payment; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains 
unremedied for 30 calendar days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by 
any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal 
Paying Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is not paid when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, the 
relevant Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, 
has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness by reason of any actual or 
potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever described); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by 
it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness or (as the case may be) within any 
originally applicable grace period; 
provided that the amounts payable referred to in sub-paragraph (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds €25 million (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal 
or judicial review is permissable under applicable law for the payment of any amount/an 
aggregate amount in excess of €25 million (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and continue(s) 
unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the 
date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) or bankruptcy 
(faillissement) proceedings are initiated or applied for by the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries 
or a third party and, in the case of a third party application, not discharged within 30 days, 
(ii) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is declared bankrupt or a suspension of payments 
in respect of any of its Subsidiaries is declared (iii) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is 
unable to pay its debts generally as they fall due, (iv) an administrator or liquidator of the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or the whole or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), 
(v) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of 
any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or (vi) the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries ceases, or threatens to cease, both (a) be part of the Achmea 
Group and (b) carry on all or a substantial part of its business; or 
(f) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries unless this is done in 
connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another 
company and such company assumes all obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Notes; or 
(g) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of The Netherlands has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d), (e)(i) and (e)(ii) above,

--- Page 85 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 82 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
then any Senior Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, if any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") 
shall have occurred: 
(a) 
Bankruptcy: the Issuer is declared bankrupt; or 
(b) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up 
or liquidation of the Issuer unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation 
or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes all 
obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Notes, 
then any Subordinated Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Subordinated Note held 
by the Subordinated Noteholder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at its Early Termination Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) 
without further action or formality provided that repayment of Subordinated Notes under this 
Condition 13 that qualify as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will only be effected after the Issuer has (i) 
obtained the prior written permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time 
such permission is required to be given pursuant to article 77 CRD Regulation and (ii) complied 
with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to such redemption as may be required 
by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer 
at such time. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for 
payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on 
redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates 
are surrendered for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of 
the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor Principal Paying agent or 
registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:

--- Page 86 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 83 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Principal Paying agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or 
more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, 
the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the 
Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification 
unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or 
it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Further, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree, in accordance with Condition 
9(g) (Variation or Substitution for regulatory purposes) and without the consent of the 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders, to substitution of the Subordinated Notes or 
variation of the terms of the Subordinated Notes in order to ensure that such substituted or 
varied Subordinated Notes continue to qualify as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes under CRD 
or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. 
Any amendment to Condition 9(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation) or 
which impacts upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes as Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
is subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority (provided that, at the 
relevant time, such permission is required to be given).

--- Page 87 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 84 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a 
leading daily newspaper published in The Netherlands (which is expected to be the Het 
Financieele Dagblad) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on a stock exchange 
and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, in the manner required by such 
law or regulations or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first 
class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their 
respective addresses on the Register and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading 
on a stock exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices to 
Noteholders will be published in the manner required by such law or regulations or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after the date of mailing. 
20. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
20.1 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders which will be deemed to 
have been given in respect of each issue of Notes on which no payment of principal of or interest 
on any of the Notes is in default and, in the case of an issue of Subordinated Notes, after written 
approval of the Competent Authority, be replaced and substituted by either (A) any directly or 
indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer or (only in the case of Senior Notes) (B) Achmea 
B.V. (or any successor parent company of the Issuer) (such substituting entity, the "Substituted 
Debtor") as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons provided that: 
(a) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the "Documents") and (without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake 
in favour of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by the Conditions and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement in full as if the Substituted Debtor had been named 
in the Notes, and the relative Coupons and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor 
in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to 
which the Issuer shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, 
(the "Guarantee") in favour of each Noteholder and each holder of the relative Coupons 
the payment of all sums (including any additional amounts payable pursuant to Condition 
12 (Taxation)) payable in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons; 
(b) 
where the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes 
in a territory other than The Netherlands, the Documents shall contain a covenant and/or 
such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder has the benefit 
of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) with 
the substitution for the references to The Netherlands of references to the territory in which 
the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes. 
The Documents shall also contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to

--- Page 88 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 85 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder against all liabilities, 
costs, charges and expenses, provided that insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and 
expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal 
effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes 
effective, which may be incurred by or levied against such holder as a result of any 
substitution pursuant to this Condition 20 and which would not have been so incurred or 
levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, such 
liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or duties which are 
imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder by any political sub-division or taxing 
authority of any country in which such Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject 
to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution 
not been made); 
(c) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and 
the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the 
performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder; 
(d) 
each stock exchange which has Notes listed thereon or the relevant competent authority 
relating thereto shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the 
Substituted Debtor such Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(e) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the Substituted 
Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date 
of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection 
by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent; and 
(f) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a legal 
opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the Documents (including 
the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor 
and the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior 
to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent. 
20.2 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory 
and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in paragraph 20.1(a) above, shall be 
entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the Notes and the relative 
Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from 
such substitution. 
20.3 
In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition in respect of the Subordinated Notes of 
any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the Subordinated Notes of 
such Series constitute subordinated obligations of the Substituted Debtor and that the Guarantee 
constitutes a subordinated obligation of the Issuer, in each case subordinated to no greater than the 
same extent as the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes of such Series under Condition 4(b) (Status and Characteristics 
of Subordinated Notes). 
20.4 
With respect to Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, after written approval of the 
Competent Authority and by notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not comply with paragraph 20.3 
provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of

--- Page 89 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 86 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
the Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor 
pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
20.5 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph 20.1 above, and subject to the 
notice as referred to in paragraph 20.7 below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall be 
deemed to be named in the Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal debtor in place of the 
Issuer and the Notes and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give 
effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate to release the Issuer as 
issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons 
save that any claims under the Notes and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the 
benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders. 
20.6 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent for so long as any Notes or Coupons 
remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents 
shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder and Couponholder to the 
production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the relative Coupons or 
the Documents. 
20.7 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
20.8 
This Condition 20 is only applicable to the Subordinated Notes if the relevant Final Terms so 
specify. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005% being rounded up to 0.00001%), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being 
rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes and any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of The Netherlands, including the 
choice-of-court agreement set out below in Condition 22(b) (Submission to jurisdiction).  
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and the Coupons, the Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the court of first 
instance (rechtbank) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. This submission is made for the 
exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and shall not affect their right to take such action or 
bring such proceedings in any other courts of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 90 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 87 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
FORM OF NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes"), 
as specified in the applicable final terms. Global Notes, Definitive Notes and Registered Global Notes and 
Individual Note Certificates will be issued in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Agency 
Agreement. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than one 
year and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes and Global Registered Notes held through Euroclear 
Netherlands: 
"NOTICE: THIS NOTE IS ISSUED FOR DEPOSIT WITH NEDERLANDS CENTRAAL INSTITUUT 
VOOR GIRAAL EFFECTENVERKEER B.V. ("EUROCLEAR NETHERLANDS") AT AMSTERDAM, 
THE NETHERLANDS. ANY PERSON BEING OFFERED THIS NOTE FOR TRANSFER OR ANY 
OTHER PURPOSE SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEFT OR FRAUD IS ALMOST CERTAIN TO BE 
INVOLVED." 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Note will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear Netherlands or any other agreed clearing system, as the case may be. In the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note or a Registered Global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, on the 
occurrence of one of the limited circumstances as described in this section or in the relevant Global Note 
or Registered Global Note, an exchange (uitlevering) for Definitive Notes or Individual Note Certificates 
will only be possible in the limited circumstances as described in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act 
(Wet giraal effectenverkeer, the "Wge") and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Euroclear 
Netherlands. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a temporary common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant security code which are different from the common code, ISIN and 
other relevant security code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the 
expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable 
to the Notes of such Tranche. 
In case of Notes which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher 
integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts that are 
not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. So long as such Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or Global Registered Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, these Notes will be 
tradeable only in the minimum authorised denomination of the minimum Specified Denomination increased 
by integral multiples of such a smaller amount, notwithstanding that no Definitive Notes or Individual Note 
Certificates will be issued with a denomination of the minimum Specified Denomination or which is a 
multiple of two or more times the Specified Denomination. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent but shall not 
include Euroclear Netherlands. 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) initially be issued in the form 
of a temporary global Note without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Note"). Each 
Temporary Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or prior to the original Issue Date of the Tranche with a

--- Page 91 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 88 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note which 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form (a "CGN"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will on or 
prior to the original Issue Date of the Tranche be deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or for any other agreed clearing system or with Euroclear 
Netherlands. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global 
Note" and, together with any Temporary Global Note, each a "Global Note"), without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days (nor, if the Temporary Global Note has been deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, 
more than 90 days) after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes (or the "restricted period" 
within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(7)) upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Temporary Global Note by 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam 
time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of 
an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Temporary Global Note by 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Amsterdam time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on such 
due date (in the case of (c) above) (the "Relevant Time") each Relevant Account Holder (as defined below) 
shall directly acquire, without the need for any further action on behalf of any person, against the Issuer all 
those rights ("Direct Rights") which such Relevant Account Holder would have had if, immediately before 
the Relevant Time, it held and owned duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and (if applicable) 
Coupons, Coupon sheets and/or Talons in respect of each Note represented by such Temporary Global Note 
which such Relevant Account Holder has credited to its securities account with the relevant clearing system 
at the Relevant Time including, without limitation, the right to receive all payments due at any time in 
respect of such Definitive Notes other than any corresponding payments already made under such

--- Page 92 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 89 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Temporary Global Note. No further action shall be required on the part of any person in order for Direct 
Rights to be acquired as contemplated hereinbefore and for each Relevant Account Holder to have the 
benefit of, and to enforce, rights corresponding to all the provisions of the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Definitive Notes as if they had been specifically incorporated in such Temporary Global Note other 
than the right to receive any corresponding payments already made under such Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (each a "Definitive Note"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Netherlands or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs, 
provided that delivery (uitlevering) of Definitive Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note 
deposited with Euroclear Netherlands is only possible in the limited circumstances as described in 
the Wge and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying 
Agent not later within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a temporary global 
note representing the Notes and Relevant Account Holders obtained Direct Rights as defined in 
such temporary global note in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the 
due date for payment, 
then at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on such thirtieth day (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on 
the date on which such Relevant Account Holders obtain Direct Rights as defined in the temporary global 
note (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) 
(the "Relevant Time") each Relevant Account Holder shall directly acquire, without the need for any 
further action on behalf of any person, against the Issuer all those rights ("Direct Rights") which such 
Relevant Account Holder would have had if, immediately before the Relevant Time, it held and owned 
duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and (if applicable) Coupons, Coupon sheets and/or Talons 
in respect of each Note represented by such Permanent Global Note which such Relevant Account Holder 
has credited to its securities account with the relevant clearing system at the Relevant Time including, 
without limitation, the right to receive all payments due at any time in respect of such Definitive Notes 
other than any corresponding payments already made under such Permanent Global Note. No further action 
shall be required on the part of any person in order for Direct Rights to be acquired as contemplated 
hereinbefore and for each Relevant Account Holder to have the benefit of, and to enforce, rights 
corresponding to all the provisions of the terms and conditions of the relevant Definitive Notes as if they 
had been specifically incorporated in such Permanent Global Note other than the right to receive any 
corresponding payments already made under such Permanent Global Note.

--- Page 93 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 90 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Registered Note will be deposited on or 
around the relevant Issue Date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or delivered to Euroclear Netherlands and registered 
in the name of a nominee for such depositary or in the name of Euroclear Netherlands and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Netherlands or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs, 
provided that delivery (uitlevering) of Individual Note Certificates represented by a Global 
Registered Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands is only possible in the limited circumstances 
as described in the Wge and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear Netherlands, to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose 
names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's 
holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Notes has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with 
the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Amsterdam time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) (the "Relevant Time") each Relevant Account

--- Page 94 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 91 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Holder shall directly acquire, without the need for any further action on behalf of any person, against the 
Issuer all those rights ("Direct Rights") which such Relevant Account Holder would have had if, 
immediately before the Relevant Time, it held and owned duly executed and authenticated Individual Note 
Certificates in respect of each Note represented by such Global Registered Note which such Relevant 
Account Holder has credited to its securities account with the relevant clearing system at the Relevant Time 
including, without limitation, the right to receive all payments due at any time in respect of such Individual 
Note Certificates other than any corresponding payments already made under such Global Registered Note. 
No further action shall be required on the part of any person in order for Direct Rights to be acquired as 
contemplated hereinbefore and for each Relevant Account Holder to have the benefit of, and to enforce, 
rights corresponding to all the provisions of the terms and conditions of the relevant Individual Note 
Certificates as if they had been specifically incorporated in such Global Registered Note other than the right 
to receive any corresponding payments already made under such Global Registered Note. 
For the purposes of this Section "Form of the Notes", "Entry" means any entry relating to a Global Note 
of Global Registered Note or any relevant part of it, as the case may be, which is or has been made in the 
securities account of any account holder with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear 
Netherlands and/or any other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, in respect of Notes represented 
by Global Note or a Global Registered Note; and "Relevant Account Holder" means any account holder 
with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Netherlands and/or any other relevant clearing 
system which at the Relevant Time has credited to its securities account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear Netherlands and/or any other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, an Entry 
or Entries in respect of such Global Note or Global Registered Note or any relevant part of it, as the case 
may be. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note or on any Individual Note Certificate, as the 
case may be, will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the terms and conditions set out in the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and of the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described in the following section 
"Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form". 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the 
Conditions to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as 
the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary (in the case of a CGN) or a common 
safekeeper (in the case of an NGN) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or any other 
relevant clearing system or by Euroclear Netherlands, will be to that depositary, common depositary, 
common safekeeper or Euroclear Netherlands, as the case may be. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Conditions 
to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time 
being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of 
a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system or by Euroclear Netherlands, will be that depositary, common depositary, a 
nominee for that depositary or common depositary, or Euroclear Netherlands. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear 
Netherlands and/or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) as being entitled to an interest 
in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Netherlands and/or such other relevant clearing system 
(as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of 
such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global 
Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may 
exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the

--- Page 95 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 92 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear 
Netherlands and/or any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes 
are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes and Global Registered Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they 
apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be 
effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each 
occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the 
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, the definition of 
"Payment Business Day" shall be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre, or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (in such instances, the "Record Date") where 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global 
Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written 
notice of such exercise to the Principal Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect 
of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear Netherlands (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear Netherlands as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Netherlands and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Netherlands and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear Netherlands and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are 
listed, quoted and/or traded on or by a competent listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in accordance 
with the requirements of such competent listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.

--- Page 96 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 93 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
ACHMEA BANK N.V. 
General Information 
Achmea Bank N.V. (in this section referred to as "Achmea Bank") is a fully owned subsidiary of Achmea 
B.V. (Achmea B.V. and its subsidiaries (dochtermaatschappijen), together, the "Achmea Group") (see 
structure chart below). Achmea B.V. is the holding company of all operations of the Achmea Group. 
Achmea Bank has its current form after a legal merger on 31 May 2014 (see description below under "2014 
legal merger"). The legal entity identifier (LEI) of Achmea Bank N.V. is 724500AH42V5X8BCPE49. The 
website of Achmea Bank N.V. is https://www.achmeabank.nl/. Any information contained on or accessible 
via any website, including https://www.achmeabank.nl/, does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless 
specifically stated otherwise in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Incorporation 
Achmea Bank was incorporated on 16 June 1995 as a public limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap) incorporated and operates under the laws of the Netherlands. Achmea Bank has its statutory 
seat in The Hague, the Netherlands. Achmea Bank is registered with the Business Register of the Chamber 
of Commerce under number 27154399 and has its registered office at Spoorlaan 298, 5017 JZ Tilburg, the 
Netherlands. The telephone number of Achmea Bank is +31 13 461 2000. At its incorporation, Achmea 
Bank was named "Achmea Hypotheekbank N.V.". 
Objects 
The objects of Achmea Bank (to be found in article 2 of Achmea Bank's articles of association) are amongst 
others: 
• 
To exercise banking business as a credit institution, to provide investment services, to manage 
assets (including savings) of third parties, to provide payment services, to provide broker insurance 
and to provide other financial services, all this in the broadest sense of the word; and 
• 
To perform any and all such acts as may be directly or indirectly related or conducive to the 
foregoing. 
2014 legal merger 
On 31 May 2014, Achmea Hypotheekbank N.V. legally merged (juridische fusie) with Achmea Bank 
Holding N.V. and Achmea Retail Bank N.V. and subsequently changed its name to its current name, 
Achmea Bank N.V. Pursuant to the legal merger Achmea Bank is the surviving entity (verkrijgende 
vennootschap) and Achmea Bank Holding N.V. and Achmea Retail Bank N.V. are the disappearing entities 
(verdwijnende vennootschappen). As a result of the legal merger Achmea Bank assumed all of the rights 
and obligations of the disappearing entities by operation of law under universal title (onder algemene titel). 
29.2%
Rabobank Netherlands
65.3%
Achmea Association
5.5%
Others
100%
Pref. shareholders
94%
Ordinary Shares
Achmea B.V.
Achmea Bank
5.6%
Achmea Subholding
100%

--- Page 97 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 94 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Previous mergers 
On 1 September 2000, Avéro Hypotheken BV, Centraal Beheer Hypotheken B.V, Centraal Beheer 
Woninghypotheken B.V., FBTO Hypotheken B.V., Zilveren Kruis Hypotheken B.V. and Woonfonds 
Nederland B.V., all direct subsidiaries of Achmea Bank, merged into Achmea Bank. 
On 1 January 2004, Woonfonds Holland B.V., a subsidiary of Achmea Bank, merged into Achmea Bank. 
On 5 April 2007, Interpolis Schade Hypotheken B.V. and Interpolis BTL Hypotheken B.V., subsidiaries of 
Achmea Bank, merged into Achmea Bank. 
Figures 
The presented financial figures for 31 December 2019 are extracted from the 2019 audited consolidated 
financial statements of Achmea Bank. The presented financial figures for 31 December 2018 are extracted 
from the 2018 audited consolidated financial statements of Achmea Bank. 
Profile 
Achmea Bank was incorporated with the purpose of collectively attracting funding on the capital and money 
markets to fund the mortgage portfolios of its subsidiary mortgage companies, each of which granted 
mortgage loans to private individuals in the Netherlands under its own name. 
Since the legal merger of the mortgage companies with Achmea Bank in 2000 (and 2004 in relation to 
Woonfonds Holland B.V.) and the acquisition of Interpolis Schade Hypotheken B.V. and Interpolis BTL 
Hypotheken B.V. in 2006, mortgage loans are granted directly by Achmea Bank, under different brand 
names used earlier by the mortgage companies. 
Mortgage lending market approach. 
Two methods of market approach are used: (i) direct writing (Centraal Beheer) and (ii) through an 
intermediary (Centraal Beheer and Woonfonds). In principle, mortgage loans are provided for residential 
property only. As of end 2020 the mortgage business of Achmea Bank will be transferred to and Achmea 
Bank intends to run its future mortgage business through Syntrus Achmea Real Estate and Finance B.V. 
and new origination through Achmea Hypotheken Mortgage Label Platform (see under Achmea 
Hypotheken Mortgage Label Platform below). 
In 2019, Achmea Bank completed two balance sheet transactions. One is the acquisition of the a.s.r. banking 
activities which includes a mortgage portfolio (EUR 1.4 billion), the other is a mortgage portfolio of 
Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V. (EUR 0.6 billion). The total regular Achmea Bank 
portfolio equals EUR 11.3 billion nominal value as at 31 December 2019 (YE 2018 9.8 billion). The Acier 
portfolio, acquired from Staalbankiers in two tranches in 2015 and 2016, equals EUR 0.8 billion nominal 
value as at 31 December 2019 (YE 2018: EUR 0.8 billion), of which EUR 0.4 billion is CHF denominated. 
Funding, financing and collateral 
Achmea Bank funds its lending business partly by raising loans in euros and other global currencies on the 
international money and capital markets. As at 31 December 2019 an amount of EUR 4.5 billion (YE 2018: 
4.7 billion) of the total mortgage portfolio has been legally transferred to another legal entity or pledged in 
connection with funding programmes. 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
 
(audited) 
 
(amounts in billions of EUR) 
Transferred or pledged Mortgages 
 
 
Trustee guaranteed loans .................................................................................. 
0.1 
0.2 
Covered bond (conditional pass-through) ......................................................... 
1.3 
0.6 
Securitisations .................................................................................................. 
2.4 
3.3 
Asset Switch ..................................................................................................... 
0.6 
0.6 
Total pledged mortgages ................................................................................ 
4.4 
4.7

--- Page 98 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 95 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Stichting Trustee Achmea Hypotheekbank 
Stichting Trustee Achmea Hypotheekbank was formed on 18 December 1995. This first collateral structure 
set up by Achmea Bank was defined in a trust agreement, under which Achmea Bank periodically pledges 
the mortgage receivables to Stichting Trustee Achmea Hypotheekbank as security for Achmea Bank's 
liabilities under financing contracts such as to private loans, derivative exposures and the secured Euro 
Medium Term Notes Programme (see "Secured EMTN Programme" below). In the event of default by 
Achmea Bank, investors can recover their investments from the pledged mortgage receivables. It has been 
agreed with Stichting Trustee Achmea Hypotheekbank that the value of the mortgage receivables will at 
all times be at least 5% more than the nominal value of the secured loans. 
Conditional pass-through covered bond programme 
Achmea Bank has set up its EUR 5 billion conditional pass-through covered bond ("CPTCB") programme 
in November 2017 to replace its existing soft bullet covered bond programme which has been terminated 
in October 2017. This programme is UCITS eligible and registered with DNB. Issuances under this 
programme are compliant with article 129 of CRR. The outstanding covered bonds are rated Aaa/AAA 
(Moody's/Fitch) and are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. 
The Issuer successfully issued a second CPTCB of EUR 0.5 billion in February 2019 and a third CPTCB 
of EUR 0.5 billion in June 2020 and currently has EUR 1.5 billion of CPTCB outstanding (YE 2019: EUR 
1.0 billion). 
Securitisations 
Achmea Bank uses securitisation as a funding source. As of 31 December 2019 Achmea Bank has three 
outstanding securitisation transactions, with a total outstanding amount of EUR 1.2 billion (YE 2018: EUR 
1.8 billion), excluding retained notes for an amount of EUR 1.1 billion (YE 2018: EUR 1.3 billion). EUR 
0.4 billion of the residential mortgage backed securities ("RMBS") notes has been placed within Achmea 
Group (YE 2018: EUR 0.8 billion). 
For RMBS transactions Achmea Bank assigns a portfolio of mortgage receivables to a special-purpose 
vehicle ("SPV") which issues notes. The SPV uses the proceeds of the notes to finance the assigned 
mortgage receivables and uses the interest from the mortgage receivables to pay the interest on the notes. 
The director of these SPVs is Intertrust Management B.V. 
Achmea Bank manages the assigned portfolio of mortgage receivables. Securitisation does not only provide 
funding to Achmea Bank but may also reduce its capital requirements. 
Secured EMTN Programme 
The secured EMTN programme, launched in 1996, was used to fund a substantial portion of the mortgage 
portfolio. As at 31 December 2019, a total of EUR 10 million was outstanding (YE 2018: EUR 10 million). 
The remaining amount of EUR 10 million matures in 2024. 
Unsecured EMTN Programme 
In October 2012 Achmea Bank set up an unsecured EMTN programme as further described herein. The 
total outstanding amount under the unsecured EMTN programme was EUR 2.1 billion as at 31 December 
2019 (YE 2018: EUR 2.1 billion), of which EUR 0.4 billion was in private placements (YE 2018: EUR 0.4 
billion) and includes CHF loans for an amount of CHF 0.4 billion (YE 2018: CHF 0.4 billion). 
French commercial paper programme 
In 2013 Achmea Bank set up a French commercial paper programme of EUR 1.5 billion. With this 
programme Achmea Bank is able to access the international money markets to further diversify its funding 
mix. In 2019 the ongoing programme resulted in a total outstanding amount of EUR 172 million as at 31 
December 2019. (YE 2018: EUR 290 million). 
Achmea Hypotheken Mortgage Label Platform

--- Page 99 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 96 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
In October 2020, Syntrus Achmea Real Estate and Finance B.V. set up the Achmea Hypotheken mortgage 
label platform to which Achmea Bank has acceded and to which other investors may accede and can invest 
in Dutch residential mortgage loans granted by Achmea Hypotheken B.V. Achmea Bank intends to run its 
future mortgage business through Syntrus Achmea Real Estate and Finance B.V. 
Other funding 
In March 2017 Achmea Bank participated in the 4 year TLTRO-II facility for an amount of EUR 52.4 
million. The TLTRO-II was redeemed early in March 2019. 
Savings 
A substantial part of the savings deposits held by Achmea Bank, generated under the Centraal Beheer label, 
is used to fund Achmea Bank's long term assets such as its mortgage portfolio. As at 31 December 2019, 
EUR 7.2 billion of savings was provided as funding of the mortgage loans (YE 2018: EUR 5.7 billion). 
As a consequence of the legal merger with Achmea Retail Bank N.V., Achmea Bank assumed the savings 
portfolio of Achmea Retail Bank N.V. Savings activities remain a substantial part of Achmea Bank's 
banking activities. 
Results (based on IFRS) 
Achmea Bank reported a profit before tax of EUR 50 million for 2019 (YE 2018 EUR 39 million). The 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio amounted to 19.2% as at 31 December 2019 (YE 2018: 20.8%). The Total 
Capital ratio as at 31 December 2019 was 19.2% (YE 2018: 20.9%), satisfying the minimum requirement 
by law. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio (unaudited) 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) are liquidity and funding 
ratios which are monitored against the minimum internal limits. The aim of the LCR is to ensure that a bank 
holds sufficient liquid assets to absorb the total net cash outflow during a thirty (30) day period of stress. 
The aim of the NSFR is to ensure that long-term assets are financed with stable, longer term funding. 
Achmea Bank has set its internal minimum targets for both the LCR and NSFR at 105%. Achmea Bank 
fully complied with all external and internal minimum requirements during 2019. At 31 December 2019 
the LCR was 249% (YE 2018: 364%) and the NSFR was 121% (YE 2018: 121%). 
Leverage Ratio (unaudited) 
The Leverage Ratio (LR) is a regulatory capital adequacy measure under CRD IV/CRR. The LR is 
calculated as an institution's capital divided by that institution's total non-risk weighted exposures, 
expressed as a percentage. Achmea Bank fully complied with the internal minimum requirement for 2019 
of 3.5% and the (expected future) external minimum requirements; the LR as at 31 December 2019 was 
5.7% (YE 2018: 6.5%). 
Corporate Governance 
Achmea Bank has a governance structure that complies with laws and regulations and is in line with the 
governance of the Achmea Group. Achmea Bank has a "two-tier management system", with an Executive 
Board and a Supervisory Board. The Executive Board is responsible for day-to-day management of the 
business. The Supervisory Board oversees the Executive Board. The powers and responsibilities of the 
Executive Board and the Supervisory Board are described in the articles of association, the Executive Board 
By-Laws and the Supervisory Board by-laws in which arrangements have been set out regarding, inter alia, 
the decision making process, the responsibilities of the corporate bodies, measures to avoid conflicts of 
interest and the relationship between the corporate bodies of Achmea Bank. Achmea Bank has a governance 
code (Governance & Besturing Achmea Bank) in place which further describes the governance and the 
interrelationships of the different corporate bodies of Achmea Bank. 
Achmea Bank also applies the principles of the Banking Code (Code Banken). The Banking Code lays 
down the principles by which Dutch banks should conduct themselves in terms of corporate governance, 
risk management, audit and remuneration.

--- Page 100 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 97 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
These regulations and codes envisage, inter alia, to balance the control of the Shareholders, the Executive 
Board and the Supervisory Board of Achmea Bank. For the description of Achmea Bank's internal 
procedures on the financial reporting process Achmea Bank refers to www.achmeabank.nl, where the 
"Application of Banking Code", the Executive Board regulations, the Supervisory Board regulations and 
Achmea Bank governance code are published. 
Executive and Supervisory Boards 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of Achmea Bank 
are composed as follows, and their members perform the following principal activities: 
Executive Board 
Principal activity outside Achmea Bank 
P.J Huurman (Chairman) ...................................  
• 
Member of the Board of the Stichting 
Behoud Panorama Mesdag; 
M. Geubbels ......................................................  
• 
Not applicable. 
 
Supervisory Board 
Principal activity outside Achmea Bank 
H. Arendse (Chairman) .....................................  
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the 
Nederlandse Brandwonden Stichting; 
 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of BNG 
Bank; 
 
• 
Chairman of the Audit Committee of BNG 
Bank; and 
 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
the 
Stadsmakersfonds. 
H.W. te Beest ....................................................  
• 
Member of the Board of the Stichting 
Castricums Monument; 
 
• 
Member of the Board of the Stichting 
Vrienden van het Hospice Castricum; 
 
• 
Member of the Board of the Stichting 
Eigen Woningbezit Castricum; and 
 
• 
Member of the Achmea Association 
Council. 
R. Otto ...............................................................  
• 
Member of the Executive Board of 
Achmea; 
 
• 
Member of the Board Achmea Pensioen & 
Levensverzekeringen N.V.; 
 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
InShared; 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Hagelunie; 
 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board Union 
- Slovakia;

--- Page 101 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 98 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Supervisory Board 
Principal activity outside Achmea Bank 
• 
Chairman Supervisory Board Achmea 
Australia – Australia; 
 
• 
Chairman Board of Directors Eureko 
Sigorta - Turkey; 
 
• 
Chairman 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Interamerican Greece - Greece; 
 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors Onlina 
Canada; 
 
• 
Senior Officer Outside Australia at 
Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.; 
 
• 
Board Member of The Association of 
online retailers Thuiswinkel.org; 
 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
Thuiswinkel B.V.; 
 
• 
Member of the Board of AMICI; and 
 
• 
Member of the Board of ICMIF. 
M.R. Honée - van Dongen.................................  
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board and 
Chair of the Audit Committee of Mollie 
B.V. and Mollie Holding B.V. 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board and 
member of the Audit & Risk Committee of 
Achmea B.V. 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Achmea 
Pensioen- 
en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V.  
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board and 
Chair of the Audit Committee of The 
Netherlands' Cadastre, Land Registry and 
Mapping Agency (Kadaster) 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board and 
Chair of the Audit Committee of Optiver 
Holding B.V. 
• 
Vice-Chair of the Supervisory Board and 
Chair of the Audit Committee of PGGM 
N.V. 
No potential conflict of interests exist between the duties of members of the Executive Board and the 
Supervisory Board of Achmea Bank and their private interest or other duties. All the members of the 
Executive Board and the Supervisory Board have elected domicile at the registered office of Achmea Bank 
(being the business address of these persons).

--- Page 102 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 99 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Audit & Risk Committee 
All the members of the Supervisory Board are also members of the Audit & Risk Committee of Achmea 
Bank. The Audit & Risk Committee has obtained a mandate from the Supervisory Board to prepare together 
with the Executive Board the meetings of the Supervisory Board. In addition, the Audit & Risk Committee 
has the mandate to supervise the main developments in the field of financial reporting, tax, funding and 
finance, risk management and to monitor the relationship with the external accountants of Achmea Bank. 
Asset and Liability Committee (ALCo) 
Achmea Bank also established an Asset and Liability Committee, a risk-management committee that 
comprises the board members and senior management of Achmea Bank. The ALCo's primary goal is to 
evaluate, monitor and approve practices relating to the risk due to imbalances in the capital structure. 
Pricing Committee 
In Achmea Bank's Pricing Committee, consisting of Achmea Bank's board members and the relevant senior 
management members, all decisions are taken with regard to pricing of existing and new products of 
Achmea Bank, including any changes in the interest rate on the offered mortgage loans. 
Supervision by the Dutch Central Bank 
On 1 November 1995, DNB issued a general banking licence to Achmea Bank pursuant to the provisions 
of the former Act on the Supervision of Credit Institutions 1992 (Wet toezicht kredietwezen 1992) and, as 
of 1 January 2007, pursuant to the provisions of the Wft. Achmea Bank is registered as a bank without 
special restrictions. As a result thereof, Achmea Bank is under the permanent supervision of DNB pursuant 
to which it is obliged to provide DNB with all information required on banking developments, such as cash 
position and solvency. 
Competitive position 
There continues to be substantial competition in The Netherlands for the types of mortgages and other 
products and services Achmea Bank provides. Achmea Bank faces competition from companies such as 
Rabobank, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., de Volksbank N.V. and many others. 
Selected Financial Information of Achmea Bank 
The audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 (set forth on 
pages 18 up to and including 79 of the annual report 2019 in the English language) and the audited annual 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 (set forth on pages 18 up to and 
including 78 of the annual report 2018 in the English language) (the "Achmea Bank Financial 
Statements") are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Below key figures are extracted from 
the Achmea Bank Financial Statements and should be read in conjunction with such financial statements. 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
 
(audited) 
 
(amounts in millions of EUR) 
Key Figures of Achmea Bank 
 
 
Total assets ....................................................................................................... 
13,665 
12,286 
Loans and advances to customers ..................................................................... 
12,641 
11,056 
Capital base* ..................................................................................................... 
777 
778 
Interest margin ................................................................................................. 
125 
110 
Fees and commissions ...................................................................................... 
8 
4 
Other income .................................................................................................... 
2 
2 
Change in fair value of financial instruments ................................................... 
16 
0 
Operating income ............................................................................................. 
150 
116 
Operating expenses .......................................................................................... 
105 
79 
Impairment on financial instruments and other assets ...................................... 
-4 
-2 
Profit before income taxes ................................................................................ 
50 
39 
Income tax expense .......................................................................................... 
13 
9 
Net profit .......................................................................................................... 
37 
29 
 _______________  
* referred to in the annual report as "Total own funds".

--- Page 103 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 100 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Rating 
Since year-end 2018 Achmea Bank has retained its Issuer Default Rating of A/Stable (Fitch), which was 
affirmed on 23 June 2020. Standard and Poor's revised the Issuer Credit Rating Outlook per 31 March 2019 
from A-/ negative to A-/stable, which was affirmed on 30 October 2020. 
Financial figures 
On 14 August 2020, Achmea Bank published a press release regarding the financial results over the first 
half of 2020. The press release is available on the website https://achmeabank.com/investors/annual-reports  
On 20 April 2020, Achmea Bank published its annual figures over 2019. The annual report is available on 
the website https://www.achmeabank.com/investors/annual-reports 
On 10 April 2020, Achmea Bank published a press release regarding dividend payments. The press release 
is available on the website https://www.achmeabank.com/news 
On 13 March 2020, Achmea Bank published a press release regarding the financial results of 2019. The 
press release is available on the website https://www.achmeabank.com/news 
On 12 April 2019, Achmea Bank published its annual figures over 2018. The annual report is available on 
the website https://www.achmeabank.com/reports 
Achmea Bank prepares its financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS). In preparing the financial data contained in this 
document, the same accounting principles, expect the first time adoption of IFRS 9 per 1 January 2018, 
were used as for Achmea Bank consolidated financial statements for 2017. Achmea Bank´s consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 were authorized for issue in accordance with a 
resolution of the Executive Board on 27 March 2020. In accordance with Section 393 of Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code, PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. issued unqualified auditor's reports for the 
2019 and 2018 financial statements. The auditor’s report on the financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2019 contains an emphasis of matter on the uncertainty related to the effect of the Coronavirus.  
Recent developments 
On 26 November 2019, Achmea announced its intention to combine its operational mortgage activities. 
These activities are currently spread over various Achmea locations. For Achmea Bank this means 
transferring its mortgage operations from Tilburg to Amsterdam, allowing Achmea Group's operational 
mortgage activities to be concentrated at one location. Economies of scale and the pooling of knowledge 
will allow Achmea to provide a better service to its customers. 
Achmea Bank completed the acquisition of (a part) of the banking operations of a.s.r. bank on 2 December 
2019. Achmea Bank acquired a savings portfolio of EUR 1.7 billion and a mortgage portfolio of EUR 1.5 
billion. All conditions for the acquisition have been met, including a statement of no objection from De 
Nederlandsche Bank and the Works Council. This acquisition contributes the increase of the scale of 
Achmea Bank's banking services and profitability. 
Mortgage customers of Achmea Bank who are unable to pay their mortgage payments due to the corona 
crisis, will be allowed to make use of a 3-month payment holiday. This applies to mortgage customers of 
the labels Centraal Beheer and Woonfonds. 
Achmea Bank N.V. has decided to suspend dividend distributions to its shareholder until there is greater 
clarity regarding the impact of the coronavirus. By taking this action, the company follows the call from 
the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Dutch Central Bank (DNB). In the second half of 2020, Achmea 
Bank will determine if a distribution on the shares can still be made, based on developments related to the 
coronavirus and the financial position. 
On 10 April 2020, Achmea Bank published a press release in which it announced its decision to suspend 
dividend distributions to its shareholders until there is greater clarity regarding the impact of the 
Coronavirus. By taking this action, the company follows the advice from the ECB and DNB. In the second 
half of 2020, Achmea Bank will determine if a distribution on the shares can still be made, based on 
developments related to the Coronavirus and its financial position.

--- Page 104 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 101 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
In June 2020 Achmea Bank N.V. has successfully issued EUR 500 million covered bonds under the EUR 
5 billion Conditional Pass-Through Covered Bond programme. This is the third issuance under this 
programme and raises the amount currently issued under this programme to EUR 1.5 billion. 
On 4 August 2020, Achmea Bank announced that it wants to grow its mortgage activities and therefore 
Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance intends to set up a separate account in order to provide mortgages 
through the Centraal Beheer brand. This allows Dutch and international institutional investors to invest 
directly in their individual Dutch residential mortgage portfolios with the risk profile they want. Through 
this, Achmea offers a wider range of options to institutional investors. Achmea Bank intends to invest in 
the separate account and its future mortgage production will be originated through Syntrus Achmea. 
On 22 December 2020, Achmea Bank announced that Miriam van Dongen has been appointed as a member 
of the Supervisory Board of Achmea Bank as of 21 December 2020. She succeeded Jan Molenaar, who 
cannot be reappointed after his third term as a member of the Supervisory Board of Achmea Bank. 
All 
press 
releases 
and 
announcements 
are 
available 
on 
Achmea 
Bank's 
website 
https://www.achmeabank.com/news. 
Outlook 
In 2021, Achmea Bank continues to optimise its organisation, with the intention to reduce costs. Achmea 
Bank expects to be able to further improve the interest margin supported in particular by the positive effect 
of the a.s.r. transaction and the acquired portfolio of Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V. 
Achmea Bank expects the number of defaults in the regular mortgage portfolio to continue to be low. Given 
the specific nature of the Acier portfolio, coupled with the macro-economic uncertainty, predictions 
regarding loan impairments in the Acier portfolio and fair value effects are difficult. The outbreak of 
Coronavirus disease (Covid-19) may have a severe impact on the Dutch, European and global economic 
prospects and therefore on Achmea Bank. Until the date of this Base Prospectus, the impact of the 
Coronavirus on the financial position of the Issuer is limited. However, it is difficult to predict the further 
spread or duration of the pandemic and extent of the consequences of the outbreak of the Coronavirus and 
the consequences of the measures taken in relation to the Coronavirus and conditions may worsen and 
measures may become more restrictive in the future. It is currently unclear how the financial markets will 
develop in the near future. Frequent monitoring of the financial risks such as liquidity and capital is an 
integral part of Achmea Bank's risk management system. Achmea Bank closely monitors developments in 
Achmea Bank's liquidity and capital position. Furthermore, the developments on these risks are closely 
monitored by Achmea Banks's supervisors, the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority for the 
Financial Markets (AFM). Achmea Bank concludes that its capital and liquidity position is adequate to 
support the going concern assumption.

--- Page 105 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 102 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF ACHMEA GROUP 
The following description provides an overview of the group of companies to which Achmea Bank belongs. 
Investors should be aware that the following description is for information purposes only and should not 
be read to imply that Achmea Bank will continue to form part of the same group of companies. Achmea 
Bank may in the future discontinue to be part of the Achmea Group (as defined below) in whatever manner. 
General information 
Achmea B.V. ("Achmea") was incorporated by deed of incorporation on 30 December 1991. Achmea is a 
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated and operating under the laws of the Netherlands, including the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk 
Wetboek), with its corporate seat in Zeist. The registered office of Achmea is Handelsweg 2, 3707 NH 
Zeist, telephone number +31 (0)30 6937000. Achmea is registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch 
Chamber of Commerce, registration number 33235189. Achmea's commercial name is Achmea. The Legal 
Entity Identifier number of Achmea is 7245007QUMI1FHIQV531. 
The articles of association of Achmea (the "Articles of Association") were most recently amended by deed 
of amendment dated 19 April 2013. 
Objectives 
Pursuant to Article 2 of the Articles of Association, the objectives of Achmea are to participate in, to finance 
or in any other way take an interest in, and to conduct the management of, other companies and business 
enterprises, to acquire, own, operate and encumber movable and immovable property, to invest in other 
companies and enterprises, to invest in property, securities and deposits, to render services in the field of 
commerce and finance, to give guarantees and to bind itself for obligations of companies and business 
enterprises with which it is associated in a group of companies, and to do anything that is, in the widest 
sense of the word, connected with the aforementioned objectives or can be conducive to the attainment 
thereof. 
History 
Achmea's history dates back to 1811. The Achmea Group was formed by the mergers and acquisitions of 
numerous mutual and cooperative insurance providers over a period of over two centuries. The history of 
Achmea begins as Onderlinge Waarborgmaatschappij "Achlum", founded by farmer Ulbe Piers Draisma 
in 1811. 
On 18 November 2011, a legal merger took place between Eureko B.V. and its fully owned subsidiary 
Achmea Holding N.V. where the latter was merged into Eureko B.V. Eureko's name was subsequently 
changed into Achmea as of 19 November 2011. 
Business 
Overview 
Achmea is a financial services provider whose core business is insurance. Through its subsidiaries, which 
comprises amongst others Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Schadeverzekeringen 
N.V., NV Hagelunie, Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Reinsurance Company N.V., Achmea 
Bank N.V., Achmea Interne Diensten N.V., Achmea Services N.V., Zilveren Kruis Health Services N.V., 
InShared Holding B.V., Achmea Investment Management B.V., Achmea Pensioenservices N.V., Syntrus 
Achmea Real Estate & Finance B.V., Achmea Innovation Fund B.V., InAdmin Riskco Group B.V.,  Eureko 
Sigorta A.S., Interamerican Hellenic Life Insurance Company SA, Union Poistovna AS, Union Zdravotna 
Poistovna AS and Onlia Holding INC (50%) (collectively, the "Achmea Group"), Achmea offers a full 
range of insurance products and related financial products through the banking, direct and brokerage 
distribution channels. In the Netherlands, main products are property & casualty insurance, income 
protection insurance, health insurance, term life insurance, asset management and retirement services and 
retail annuity products. Outside the Netherlands, Achmea operates in Turkey, Greece, Cyprus, Slovakia, 
Australia and Canada. (See "Business Lines - International"). 
Achmea Group's primary goal is to develop products and services that meet the needs of its customers - 
private individuals, companies and other organisations. Achmea Group employs a multi-brand, multi-

--- Page 106 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 103 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
channel strategy to distribute its products among clients. It has a broad range of product offerings and a full 
range of distribution channels in order to position itself advantageously within different customer and 
pricing segments. Within the Netherlands, Achmea Group primarily uses its brands Interpolis in the banking 
distribution channel, FBTO, Centraal Beheer, Zilveren Kruis, Inshared in the direct distribution channel 
and Avéro Achmea in the broker distribution channel. 
Business Lines 
Achmea organises its operations according to five market-oriented chains: Non-Life, Health, Retirement 
Services, Pension & Life and International. These five chains are outlined below: 
Non-life Netherlands 
Achmea is one of the market leaders in the Netherlands in non-life insurance, holding an estimated market 
share of more than 20%, offering brands such as Centraal Beheer, Interpolis and FBTO. Through the direct, 
banking and brokerage channels, Achmea provides its private and commercial customers with car 
insurance, home insurance, home contents insurance, liability insurance, travel insurance. In addition, 
Achmea offers various types of sickness insurance and individual and group disability insurance. For the 
year ended 31 December 2019, 18%7 of total gross written premiums ("GWP") are generated by Non-Life 
Netherlands. 
Health Netherlands 
Achmea is one of the market leaders in the Netherlands in health insurance.8 Achmea provides health 
insurance for approximately five million people in the Netherlands. Health gross written premiums 
represent a significant share of total GWP, 71%9 for the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly as a result 
of the mandatory basic health insurance. Achmea offers basic and supplementary health insurance and 
health services in the Netherlands. 
Retirement Services Netherlands 
With the launch of the new strategy for Retirement Services, Achmea is focusing on the changing needs of 
customers, changes in society and further modifications in the pension system. These changes are resulting 
in new ways to save for retirement. As part of these efforts, Achmea established the Centraal Beheer 
Algemeen Pensioenfonds (the "CB APF") in 2016 as an alternative to pension insurance. Through 
additional products and services provided by Achmea Investment Management and Achmea Bank for the 
third and fourth pillars of the pension system, Achmea provides a comprehensive solution. As of 31 
December 2019, Achmea Investment Management has €147 billion assets under management for 
institutional and retail clients. Achmea has been engaged through Achmea Pensioenservices N.V. to carry 
out pension management activities for the CB APF. Achmea Pensioenservices N.V. also provides pension 
management activities to company and voluntary industry pension funds. Achmea has all the skills required 
within its ranks to carry out this initiative, and is managing this as part of an integrated strategy. As of 2020, 
Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance forms part of the Retirement Services segment following the 
announcement of the bundling of the mortgage activities at the end of 2019. 
Pension & life Netherlands 
With the launch of the new Retirement Services strategy and the establishment of the CB APF, Achmea 
has taken the strategic decision to stop offering new pension insurance products and to focus its pension 
strategy completely towards providing services to the CB APF. With its Retirement Services solutions 
Achmea keeps a competitive offer to the pension market. It has created a closed-book pension which it 
integrated with the existing closed-book Life. The closed book organisation focuses on further cost 
management and on optimising free cash flows while maintaining the current high customer satisfaction 
scores. When it comes to new business, Achmea is focusing exclusively on term life insurance policies (the 
"ORV") and on immediately effective annuities and pensions. These insurance solutions are part of 
 
7 
Annual Report 2019 
8 
Vektis figures 2019 
9 
Annual Report 2019

--- Page 107 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 104 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Achmea's proposition for retirement services. For the year ended 31 December 2019, gross written 
premiums from Achmea's Pension & Life activities represent 6% of total GWP10. 
International 
Achmea operates in six markets outside the Netherlands: Greece, Turkey, Slovakia, Cyprus, Australia and 
Canada. In Greece, Interamerican Greece offers non-life, life and health products and services as well as 
an integrated roadside assistance service. Moreover, Interamerican Greece also offers online car insurances 
in Cyprus. Wholly-owned Eureko Sigorta in Turkey offers a full range of non-life and health products 
through the banking channel. Achmea also has a minority share in the Turkish pension services provider 
Garanti Emeklilik. Union Slovakia provides a product portfolio of non-life, health and life products. 
Achmea was granted a licence at the end of 2013 to sell insurances in Australia. Under the brand name 
Achmea Australia, Achmea sells non-life insurance products and services to amongst others Rabobank's 
agricultural customers in Australia. In 2018, Achmea expanded its activities into Canada where it launched 
its digital insurance company Onlia. Furthermore, Hagelunie is a Dutch insurance company specialising in 
glass horticultural insurance for growing agricultural products in Europe and the world. Gross written 
premiums from Achmea's International business line represent 5% of total GWP11. 
Other Activities 
The Other Activities segment includes Achmea's strategic investments, the results of its Shared Service 
Centers, activities at the holding company level and Achmea Reinsurance. 
Organisation structures 
The shareholder structure of the Achmea Group is as follows as of 31 December 2019. The percentages 
reflect the voting rights in the General Meeting of Shareholders of Achmea. 
 
Voting rights 
Capital rights 
Vereniging Achmea (directly and through STAK) .......................................................  
60.75% 
64.48% 
Rabobank .....................................................................................................................  
28.27% 
30.00% 
BCP Pension Fund .......................................................................................................  
2.57% 
2.73% 
Gothaer Allgemeine Versicherung ...............................................................................  
0.50% 
0.53% 
Gothaer Finanz Holding ...............................................................................................  
0.57% 
0.61% 
Schweizerische Mobiliar Holding ................................................................................  
0.67% 
0.71% 
Stichting Beheer Aandelen Achmea .............................................................................  
0.89% 
0.94% 
Achmea Tussenholding B.V.* ......................................................................................  
5.78% 
- 
 _______________  
* Preference shares 
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including https://www.achmeabank.nl/, 
does not form a part of this Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in this Base Prospectus, in any 
supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
10 
Annual Report 2019 
11 
Annual Report 2019

--- Page 108 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 105 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE DUTCH RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE MARKET 
This chapter is substantially derived from the overview which is available at the website of the Dutch 
Securitisation Association (https://www.dutchsecuritisation.nl/documentation) regarding the Dutch 
residential mortgage market over the period until December 2020. The Issuer confirms that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and believes that this source is reliable and as far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from the Dutch Securitisation Association, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the information in this chapter inaccurate or misleading. 
Dutch residential mortgage market 
The Dutch residential mortgage debt stock is relatively sizeable, especially when compared to other 
European countries. Since the 1990s, the mortgage debt stock of Dutch households has grown considerably, 
mainly on the back of mortgage lending on the basis of two incomes in a household, the introduction of 
tax-efficient product structures such as mortgage loans with deferred principal repayment vehicles and 
interest-only mortgage loans, financial deregulation and increased competition among originators. 
Moreover, Loan-to-Value (LTV) ratios have been relatively high, as the Dutch tax system implicitly 
discouraged amortisation, due to the tax deductibility of mortgage interest payments. After a brief decline 
between 2012 and 2015, mortgage debt reached a new peak of EUR 740 billion in Q2 202012. This 
represents a rise of EUR 9.1 billion compared to Q2 2019.  
Tax system 
The Dutch tax system plays an important role in the Dutch mortgage market, as it allows for almost full 
deductibility of mortgage interest payments from taxable income. This tax system has been around for a 
very long time, but financial innovation has resulted in a greater leverage of this tax benefit. From the 1990s 
onwards until 2001, this tax deductibility was unconditional. In 2001 and 2004, several conditions have 
been introduced to limit the usage of tax deductibility, including a restriction of tax deductibility to 
(mortgage interest payments for) the borrower’s primary residence and a limited duration of the 
deductibility of 30 years. 
A further reform of the tax system was enforced on 1 January 2013. Since this date, all new mortgage loans 
have to be repaid in full in 30 years, at least on an annuity basis, in order to be eligible for tax relief (linear 
mortgage loans are also eligible). The tax benefits on mortgage loans, of which the underlying property 
was bought before 1 January 2013, have remained unchanged and are grandfathered, even in case of 
refinancing and relocation. As such, new mortgage originations still include older loan products, including 
interest-only. However, any additional loan on top of the borrower’s grandfathered product structure, has 
to meet the mandatory full redemption standards to allow for tax deductibility. 
Another reform imposed in 2013 to reduce the tax deductibility is to lower the maximum deduction 
percentage. This used to be equal to the highest marginal tax bracket (52%), but since 2013 the maximum 
deduction is lowered by 0.5% per annum (to 49.0% in 2019). As per 1 January 2020, the maximum 
deduction of mortgage interest will be decreased more quickly than the previous decrease of 0.5% per 
annum. Since 1 January 2020, the maximum deduction percentage is and will be decreased with 3.0% per 
annum down to 46.0% in 2020, 43.0% in 2021, 40.0% in 2022 and 37.05% (equal to the second highest 
marginal income tax rate) as from 2023 onwards. 
There are several housing-related taxes which are linked to the fiscal appraisal value (“WOZ”) of the house, 
both imposed on national and local level. Moreover, a general transfer tax (stamp duty) of, as from 1 January 
2021, 2% is applied when a house changes hands to home buyers actually occupying it. As from 1 January 
2021, the real estate transfer tax rate for residential real estate acquired by a person other than its actual 
occupant is increased from 2% to 8% and first time home buyers (actually occupying it) within the age 
group of 18-35 years are exempted from real estate transfer tax, provided that for the exemption to apply, 
as of 1 April 2021, the value (woningwaardegrens) of the relevant residential real estate to be acquired 
should (in addition) not exceed EUR 400,000, which value will be indexed on an annual basisAlthough 
 
12 Statistics Netherlands, household data.

--- Page 109 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 106 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
these taxes partially unwind the benefits of tax deductibility of interest payments, and several restrictions 
to this tax deductibility have been applied, tax relief on mortgage loans is still substantial.  
Loan products 
The Dutch residential mortgage market is characterised by a wide range of mortgage loan products. In 
general, three types of mortgage loans can be distinguished. 
Firstly, the “classical” Dutch mortgage product is an annuity loan. Annuity mortgage loans used to be the 
norm until the beginning of the 1990s, but they have returned as the most popular mortgage product in 
recent years. Reason for this return of annuity mortgage loans is the tax system. Since 2013, tax 
deductibility of interest payments on new loans is conditional on full amortisation of the loan within 30 
years, for which only (full) annuity and linear mortgage loans qualify. 
Secondly, there is a relatively big presence of interest-only mortgage loans in the Dutch market. Full 
interest-only mortgage loans were popular in the late nineties and in the early years of this century. 
Mortgage loans including an interest-only loan part were the norm until 2013, and even today, 
grandfathering of older tax benefits still results in a considerable amount of interest-only loan origination. 
Thirdly, there is still a big stock of mortgage products including deferred principal repayment vehicles. In 
such products, capital is accumulated over time (in a tax-friendly manner) in a linked account in order to 
take care of a bullet principal repayment at maturity of the loan. The principal repayment vehicle is either 
an insurance product or a bank savings account. The latter structure has been allowed from 2008 and was 
very popular until 2013. Mortgage loan products with insurance-linked principal repayment vehicles used 
to be the norm prior to 2008 and there is a wide range of products present in this segment of the market. 
Most structures combine a life-insurance product with capital accumulation and can be relatively complex. 
In general, however, the capital accumulation either occurs through a savings-like product (with guaranteed 
returns), or an investment-based product (with non-guaranteed returns). 
A typical Dutch mortgage loan consists of multiple loan parts, e.g. a bank savings loan part that is combined 
with an interest-only loan part. Newer mortgage loans, in particular those for first-time buyers after 2013, 
are full annuity and often consists of only one loan part. Nonetheless, tax grandfathering of older mortgage 
loan product structures still results in the origination of mortgage loans including multiple loan parts. 
Most interest rates on Dutch mortgage loans are not fixed for the full duration of the loan, but they are 
typically fixed for a period between 5 and 15 years. Rate term fixings differ by vintage, however. More 
recently, there has been a bias to longer term fixings (10-20 years). Most borrowers remain subject to 
interest rate risk, but compared to countries in which floating rates are the norm, Dutch mortgage borrowers 
are relatively well-insulated against interest rate fluctuations.  
Underwriting criteria 
Most of the Dutch underwriting standards follow from special underwriting legislation (“Tijdelijke regeling 
hypothecair krediet”). This law has been present since 2013 and strictly regulates maximum LTV and Loan-
to-Income (LTI) ratios. The current maximum LTV is 100% (including all costs such as stamp duties). The 
new government coalition has indicated not to lower the maximum LTV further.. LTI limits are set 
according to a fixed table including references to gross income of the borrower and mortgage interest rates. 
This table is updated annually by the consumer budget advisory organisation “NIBUD” and ensures that 
income after (gross) mortgage servicing costs is still sufficient to cover normal costs of living. 
Prior to the underwriting legislation, the underwriting criteria followed from the Code of Conduct for 
Mortgage Lending, which is the industry standard. This code, which limits the risk of over crediting, has 
been tightened several times in the past decade. The 2007 version of the code included a major overhaul 
and resulted in tighter lending standards, but deviation in this version was still possible under the “explain” 
clause13. In 2011, another revised and stricter version of the Code of Conduct was introduced. Moreover, 
adherence to the “comply” option was increasingly mandated by the Financial Markets Authority (AFM). 
Although the Code of Conduct is currently largely overruled by the underwriting legislation, it is still in 
force. The major restriction it currently regulates, in addition to the criteria in the underwriting legislation, 
 
13  Under the “explain” clause it is in exceptional cases possible to deviate from the loan-to-income and loan-to-value rules set forth 
in the Code of Conduct.

--- Page 110 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 107 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
is the cap of interest-only loan parts to 50% of the market value of the residence. This cap was introduced 
in 2011 and is in principle applicable to all new mortgage contracts. A mortgage lender may however 
diverge from the cap limitation if certain conditions have been met. 
Recent developments in the Dutch housing market 
The Dutch housing market has shown clear signs of recovery since the second half of 2013. Important 
factors are among others the economic recovery, high consumer confidence and low mortgage rates. Due 
to Corona pandemic the consumer confidence has deteriorated significantly over the last months. 
Existing house prices (PBK-index) in Q3 2020 rose by 2.3% compared to Q2 2020. Compared to Q3 2019 
this increase was 8.6%. A new peak was reached this quarter. The average house average price level was 
19.8% above the previous peak of 2008. In addition, the number of homes for sale has been falling for 
several years, bringing with it less choice for potential buyers. This was reflected in the fall in sales during 
the first half of 2019. We saw a rebound in the second half of 2019, which is still continuing. 
The coronacrisis does not impact the Dutch Housing Market so far due to the Government Support. Also 
other factors like lower mortgage rates compared to 2019, the home equity held by subsequent homebuyers 
moving house, the persistent housing shortage and high rents go some way to explain why the housing 
market continues to surge ahead. In September 2020, the number of existing home sales even increased by 
12.5% year-on-year, with a total of 20,601 transactions.  
Forced sales 
Compared to other jurisdictions, performance statistics of Dutch mortgage loans show relatively low arrears 
and loss rates14. The most important reason for default is relationship termination, although the increase in 
unemployment following the economic downturn in recent years is increasingly also a reason for payment 
problems. The ultimate attempt to loss recovery to a defaulted mortgage borrower is the forced sale of the 
underlying property. 
For a long time, mortgage servicers opted to perform this forced sale by an auction process. The advantage 
of this auction process is the high speed of execution, but the drawback is a discount on the selling price. 
The Land Registry recorded 36 forced sales by auction in Q3 2020 (0.06% of total number of sales). 
 
 
 
14  Comparison of S&P RMBS index delinquency data.

--- Page 111 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 108 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
 
Chart 1: Total mortgage debt 
Chart 2: Sales 
 
Source: Statistics Netherlands, Rabobank 
Source: Dutch Land Registry (Kadaster), 
Statistics Netherlands (CBS) 
 
 
Chart 3: Price index development 
Chart 4: Interest rate on new mortgage 
loans 
 
 
Source: Statistics Netherlands, Rabobank 
Source: Dutch Central Bank 
 
 
Chart 5: New mortgages by interest type 
Chart 6: Confidence 
 
Source: Dutch Central Bank 
Source: Statistics Netherlands (CBS), 
OTB TU Delft And VEH

--- Page 112 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 109 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
TAXATION 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or 
other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, or 
income derived from the Notes, may be subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, in the jurisdiction 
of the Issuer, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, or in other jurisdictions in which the holder of Notes 
is required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an impact on the net income received from 
the Notes.  
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and consult 
their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be aware that tax 
regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time, with or 
without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will 
apply at any given time. 
TAXATION IN THE NETHERLANDS 
The following summary of certain material Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in 
effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and 
application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of a Note or Coupon, and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject 
to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that no holder 
of a Note has or will have a substantial interest, or - in the case of a holder of a Note being an entity - a 
deemed substantial interest, in the Issuer and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder 
of a Note has or will have a substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either 
alone or together with his partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain relatives 
of such individual or his partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) the ownership of, a 
right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5% or more of either the total 
issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares 
of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates 
(winstbewijzen) that relate to 5% or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such 
company 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (I) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5% or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued 
and outstanding capital of any class of shares of the company, or (II) the ownership of, or certain rights 
over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5% or more of either the annual profit 
or the liquidation proceeds of such company. An entity holding a Note has a deemed substantial interest in 
a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial interest 
on a non-recognition basis. 
For the purpose of this summary, the term "entity" means a corporation as well as any other person that is 
taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. Where this summary refers to a holder of a 
Note, an individual holding a Note or an entity holding a Note, such reference is restricted to an individual 
or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest in such Note. Where the summary refers to 
"The Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the Kingdom of The Netherlands. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding 
and disposing of a Note or Coupon.

--- Page 113 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 110 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without withholding or 
deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, unless the Notes qualify as debt that effectively 
functions as equity of the Issuer for Dutch tax purposes and save that Dutch withholding tax may apply on 
certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity to the Issuer if such entity (i) 
is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation 
on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en 
niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located 
in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main 
purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is a not considered to be 
the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another 
(lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident 
anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding a Note which is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income 
or a capital gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25% in 2021). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding a Note who is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch income tax 
purposes will be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from a Note at 
the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.50% in 2021) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat 
uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), 
including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, 
actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, an individual holding a Note will generally be subject to Dutch 
income tax on the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from a 
Note. For 2021, the deemed return ranges from 1.90% to 5.69% of the value of the individual's net assets 
as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year (including the Note). The applicable rates will be updated 
annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject to application of certain allowances, the deemed 
return will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (31% in 2021). 
Non-residents 
A holder of a Note which is not and is not deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the relevant tax 
purposes will not be subject to taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a Note unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or 
a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands and the holder 
of a Note derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that 
exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).

--- Page 114 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 111 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way of gift by, 
or on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of a Note is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in consideration 
for the issue or acquisition of a Note, payments of principal or interest under a Note, or payments in 
consideration for a disposal of a Note. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in the Netherlands 
by a holder of a Note in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by 
legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of a Note or the 
performance of the Issuer's obligations under a Note. 
Residence 
A holder of a Note will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, 
by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of a Note. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking, S.A. or 
with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. (together, the "ICSDs"), it is expected 
that FATCA will not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by the 
Issuer, any paying agent and the common depositary, given that each of the entities in the payment chain 
between the Issuer and the participants the ICSDs is a major financial institution whose business is 
dependent on compliance with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under an 
intergovernmental agreement will be unlikely to affect the Notes. The documentation expressly 
contemplates the possibility that the Notes may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken 
out of the ICSDs. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA 
Withholding. However, definitive notes will only be printed in remote circumstances.

--- Page 115 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 112 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (as the same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement"), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which such 
Dealers or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to 
those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with 
the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form may be subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue 
Date, (as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer(s) or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a 
syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager), of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, 
except in accordance with Rule 903 of the Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send 
to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration to which it 
sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or 
ii. a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (as amended, "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
The expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 113 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
ii. a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
The expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
The United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA")) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in 
which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not or would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, 
apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly 
or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 
1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will

--- Page 117 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 114 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any 
offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax 
and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each of the Dealers has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore), as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 118 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 115 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest 
does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the 
"SCA") may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance 
of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). 
No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders 
thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or 
business and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside The Netherlands 
and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms (in 
relation to Notes which will not be listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State) 
or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus (in relation to Notes which will be listed or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in a Member State).

--- Page 119 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 116 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
GENERAL 
Authorisation 
The Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Managing Directors of the Issuer dated 4 November 2020 pursuant to the authorisation of the 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer of 6 November 2020. All consents, approvals, authorisations or other orders 
of all regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under the laws of The Netherlands have been given for 
the issue of Notes and for the Issuer to undertake and perform its obligations under the Programme 
Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Notes. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List of the 
Stock Exchange, through the Listing Agent. The Listing Agent is acting solely in its capacity as listing 
agent for the Issuer (and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the 
Notes to the Official List of the Stock Exchange and trading on its regulated market (the Main Securities 
Market). For so long as Notes are listed on a stock exchange there will be a paying agent as required by any 
rules or regulations of that stock exchange. ABN AMRO Bank N.V. has been appointed as the principal 
paying agent. The Notes may also be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) and/or market(s) as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. 
Documents Available  
During the life of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be available in electronic 
form, free of charge (i) during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excepted) from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
(ii) 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.achmeabank.nl/investeerders/funding/european-medium-term-notes-programme: 
(i) 
the deed of incorporation (akte van oprichting) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a Dutch version and an English translation of the most recent articles of association (statuten) of 
the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the Issuer's publicly available audited annual consolidated financial statements for the years ended 
31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019; 
(iv) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(v) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement; 
(vi) 
an electronic copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(vii) 
any future base prospectuses and supplements including Final Terms (relating only to a listed Note) 
to this Base Prospectus and any other document incorporated herein or therein by reference.  
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 724500AH42V5X8BCPE49. 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear Netherlands. The appropriate Common Code, ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer Notes and 
Registered Global Notes allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and for Bearer Notes and 
Registered Global Notes deposited with Euroclear Netherlands or Clearnet S.A. Amsterdam Branch Stock 
Clearing or any other relevant security code will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Bearer 
Notes and/or the Registered Global Notes are to cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 120 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 117 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
Significant/Material Change  
Up to the date of this Base Prospectus there has been no significant change in the financial performance 
and financial position of the Issuer since 30 June 2020 and, other than as disclosed in the risk factor '2. 
Coronavirus outbreak may have a negative effect on the financial position of the Issuer', there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2019, the last day of the financial 
period in respect for which audited financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. ("PwC"), an independent registered public accounting firm 
located at Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR Amsterdam, the Netherlands, audited the Issuer's financial 
statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019, in accordance 
with generally accepted auditing standards in the Netherlands and issued unqualified auditor's reports for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. The auditor's report on the financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 of the Issuer contains an emphasis of matter on the 
uncertainty related to the effect of the Coronavirus. 
The auditor signing the auditor's reports on behalf of PwC is a member of The Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Credit Ratings 
In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/site/definitions, a long-term rating of "A" denote expectations of low default 
risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, 
nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher 
ratings. Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a 
rating to denote relative status within major rating categories.   
In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, a long-term rating 
of "A" indicates that an obligor has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat 
more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors 
in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation is still strong. S&P ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or 
minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the rating categories.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with

--- Page 121 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 118 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
This Base Prospectus is valid for one year from the date hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall 
have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies only, after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Tax Consequences 
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of The Netherlands might have an impact on the income 
received from any Notes. Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of 
their acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes.

--- Page 122 ---
256423-3-3-v15.0 
- 119 - 
55-41000509 
 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Achmea Bank N.V. 
Spoorlaan 298 
5017 JZ Tilburg 
The Netherlands 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
IRISH PAYING AGENT 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch 
Hanover Building, Windmill Lane 
Dublin 2 
Republic of Ireland 
REGISTRAR 
LISTING AGENT 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Republic of Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and Dealers (as to Dutch law) 
Clifford Chance LLP 
IJsbaanpad 2 
1076 CV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Issuer (as to Dutch law) 
NautaDutilh N.V. 
Beethovenstraat 400 
1082 PR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany