--- Page 1 ---
Achmea B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Zeist) 
€ 5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme  
Under the debt issuance programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus), Achmea B.V. (the Issuer), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue notes (the Notes). The Notes may be issued as subordinated notes 
(the Subordinated Notes) or senior notes (the Senior Notes). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding will not at any time exceed € 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
Provided that, in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market or a specific 
segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the Prospectus Regulation)) have access within the European Economic Area (the EEA), or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).  
The period of validity of this Base Prospectus is up to (and including) 12 months from the date of the 
approval of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) 
for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the Official 
List) and trading on its regulated market. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market 
(or any other stock exchange). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and the Council on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended from time to time (MiFID II). However, unlisted Notes may be issued as well pursuant to the 
Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (or any other stock 
exchange).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus 
or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the 
purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form and in registered form. Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the 
Programme - Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global 
note in bearer form (each a Temporary Global Note) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a 
Permanent Global Note). If the Temporary Global Notes and the Permanent Global Notes (the Global 
Notes) are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, the Global Notes

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, SA (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a Certificate), 
one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. 
Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (Global 
Certificates). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the NSS) the Global 
Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (Classic Global Notes or CGNs) and Global Certificates 
which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Common Depositary). 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive 
Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme - Method of Issue”) to be issued under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the ratings assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the CRA 
Regulation) as amended will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus is dated 16 April 2024 and supersedes the prospectus dated 21 October 2022. 
Arranger and Dealer 
NatWest Markets

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................................................... 4 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................. 9 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ................................................................................................................................ 44 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................... 49 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 84 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................... 85 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................. 86 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM................ 103 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................. 109 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................. 112 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................ 144 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................... 148 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 154

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.  
Issuer: 
Achmea B.V.  
Achmea B.V. was incorporated by deed of incorporation on 
30 December 1991. Achmea B.V. is a private company with 
limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law with its 
corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in Zeist. The registered office 
of Achmea B.V. is Handelsweg 2, 3707 NH Zeist, telephone 
number +31 (0)30 693 7000. Achmea B.V. is registered with 
the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 
registration number 33235189. 
Achmea B.V. is a privately owned holding company of a 
financial services group, whose core business is primarily 
insurance. 
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
7245007QUMI1FHIQV531 
Description: 
Debt Issuance Programme  
Size: 
Up to € 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: 
Natwest Markets N.V. 
Dealer: 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect 
of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus 
to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Listing Agent: 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on the 
same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the 
relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final 
terms (the Final Terms). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (Bearer Notes) 
or in registered form only (Registered Notes). Each Tranche 
of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made available to 
Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after their issue 
date or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more than 
one year and are being issued in compliance with the D Rules 
(as defined in “Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise such 
Tranche will be represented by a Permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates 
representing Registered Notes that are registered in the name 
of a nominee for one or more clearing systems are referred to 
as “Global Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is an NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is 
held under the NSS, the Global Note or the Global Certificate 
will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for 
each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the 
relevant Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the 
Global Note representing Bearer Notes or the Global 
Certificate representing Registered Notes may (or, in the case 
of Notes listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, 
shall) be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates relating to Notes that are not listed on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin may also be deposited 
with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside 
any clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to 
be credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will be 
registered in the name of nominees or a common nominee for 
such clearing systems.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity. The Issuer may also issue Notes with 
no specified maturity (undated or perpetual Notes). 
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case 
of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated market 
to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) have access within the EEA, or 
offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (ii) 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one year will have a 
minimum denomination of € 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing. 
Details on interest rates, periods, dates and calculations will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Also see the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
Benchmark discontinuation:  
On the discontinuation of the relevant interest rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or another Benchmark 
Event having occurred, a Replacement Reference Rate may 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iv). 
Redemption: 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom 
or 
whose 
issue 
otherwise 
constitutes 
a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (or, in the case of undated Notes, in which 
circumstances) at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption. 
Status of Notes: 
Senior Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and Subordinated Notes will 
constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer, all as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Status”.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Interest Deferral - Senior Notes: 
There are no interest deferral provisions with respect to the 
Senior Notes. 
Mandatory Interest Deferral - 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Issuer is required to defer any payment of interest on 
Subordinated Notes on each Mandatory Interest Deferral 
Date (being an Interest Payment Date in respect of which a 
Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing). 
Also see the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Optional Interest Deferral - 
Subordinated Notes: 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may on any 
Optional Interest Payment Date defer payments of interest on 
the Subordinated Notes which would otherwise be payable 
on such date. Also see the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Negative Pledge: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Default: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default”. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will 
be applied for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, 
in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from an offer of Notes specifically to (in)directly finance 
and/or refinance Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the 
“Use of Proceeds” section) under the Issuer’s Green Finance 
Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section) and 
such Notes may also be referred to as “Green Bonds”. See 
“Use of Proceeds” below. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes 
will - in the case of Subordinated Notes and so long as the 
Issuer is subject to Capital Adequacy Regulations only with 
prior consent from the Regulator if required under the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations - be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons and, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, also for regulatory, rating or 
accounting reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– 7. Redemption, Substitution, Variation, Purchase and 
Options”.  
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of withholding or deduction of 
taxes imposed by the Netherlands, unless the withholding is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall, subject to 
certain exceptions, pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the Noteholders and Couponholders receiving such

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
amounts as they would have received in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons had no such withholding been required. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 9. Taxation”.  
Governing Law: 
Dutch law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List and trading on its regulated market or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and references to listing 
shall be construed accordingly. As specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Redenomination, Renominalisation 
and/or Consolidation: 
Notes denominated in a currency of a country that 
subsequently participates in the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union may be subject to 
redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation with 
other Notes then denominated in euro. The provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination, renominalisation 
and/or consolidation will be as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the Public Offer Selling Restriction (in 
respect of Notes having a specified denomination of less than 
€ 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the Notes), the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, 
Ireland, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Switzerland. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, as amended. 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant 
Final Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the C Rules) or (ii) the 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules 
or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will 
not constitute “registration required obligations” under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks currently deemed to be 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons currently 
unknown and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of investing in any 
Notes are exhaustive.  
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should reach their own views 
before making any decision on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. Before making an investment 
decision with respect to the Notes, prospective investors should consult their financial, legal and tax advisers 
to carefully review and assess the risks associated with an investment in the Notes issued and consider such 
an investment decision in the context of the investor's personal circumstances.  
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
General Economic and Market Conditions 
Military conflict between Russia and Ukraine  
Since early 2022, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has contributed to increases in prices of 
various commodities, elevated levels of market volatility in financial markets globally, and an altered 
landscape in relation to international sanctions, which affects the Issuer’s consumers and policyholders. The 
Issuer is closely monitoring the situation in Ukraine and the potential impact it may have on the Issuer’s 
business. In line with its internal environmental, social, and governance (ESG) policy, the Issuer has excluded 
the governments and government owned enterprises of Russia and Belarus from its investments.  
COVID-19 and emergence of new diseases  
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on society and as such on the policyholders of the 
Issuer and its business operations. While at the beginning of 2022, the Omicron-variant still resulted in a high 
number of infections and related hospitalisations, this declined and stabilised during the year. Consequently, 
restrictive measures imposed by the government were gradually eased in those countries where the Issuer has 
its operations. As the COVID-19 pandemic in most countries seems to have abated, the long-term health 
effects of the COVID-19 virus are still uncertain. As an insurer, the Group could be impacted by recurring or 
more widespread outbreaks of COVID-19 or other pandemics as a result of, for example, increased health 
care costs.  
All the above factors could, individually or taken together, materially and adversely impact the business, 
results of operations and financial condition of the Group. 
Catastrophes, including natural disasters, may result in substantial losses and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to losses from unpredictable events that may affect multiple insured risks. Such events 
include both natural and man-made events, such as, but not limited to, windstorms, coastal inundation, floods, 
severe winter weather and other weather-related events, pandemics, large-scale fires, industrial explosions, 
earthquakes and other man-made disasters such as civil unrest and terrorist attacks.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Climate change has an impact on the Issuer in a variety of ways as it may cause an increase in the amount of 
physical damage to the built environment, but potentially also economic, social and health-related damage. 
This may result in repercussions for the Issuer’s customers, business partners as well as for the Issuer itself 
as it leads to higher costs of claims and negative developments regarding the value of investment exposures 
on the balance sheet of the Issuer. The frequency and severity of catastrophes in general are inherently 
unpredictable and subject to long-term external influences, such as climate change, and a single catastrophe 
or multiple catastrophes in any period could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Governments of the countries in which the Issuer is operating are taking measures in line with the Paris 
accord. These measures could impact the operations of the Issuer or the policyholders of the Issuer in adverse 
ways. The Issuer continually monitors for the emergence of these disruptive measures or changes in consumer 
behaviour, which could impact the business of the Issuer. 
Recently, a hardening of the reinsurance market has been observed, partly in response to the global increase 
in climate-related claims and higher inflation levels. This manifests itself in increased premium levels as well 
as altered terms and conditions. These developments have resulted in higher retention levels and negatively 
impacted the cost of Achmea’s insurance products. Further development of this trend may cause increased 
volatility of financial results, downward pressure on solvency levels and might lead to a situation in which 
certain risks are not (re)insurable anymore.  
Because the Issuer is an integrated financial services company conducting business on a worldwide basis, 
the revenues and earnings of the Issuer are affected by the volatility and strength of the economic, business 
and capital markets environments specific to the geographic regions in which the Issuer conducts business 
and changes in such factors may adversely affect the profitability of its insurance, banking, asset management 
business and services rendered. 
Factors such as interest rates, exchange rates, inflation rates, consumer spending, business investment, 
government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, and terrorism all impact the business 
and economic environment and, ultimately, the amount and profitability of business the Issuer conducts in a 
specific geographic region. Furthermore, it also impacts the solvency of the Issuer. For example, in an 
economic downturn characterised by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, 
lower business investment and consumer spending, the demand for banking and insurance products would be 
adversely affected and the Issuer's reserves and provisions would likely increase, resulting in lower earnings 
and lower solvency. Similarly, a downturn in the equity markets could cause a reduction in commission 
income the Issuer earns from managing portfolios for third parties, as well as income generated from its own 
proprietary portfolios, each of which is generally tied to the performance and value of such portfolios. 
Concerns about global economic conditions or geopolitical events, such as the aforementioned military 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the recent war in the Middle East between Israel and Hamas and 
sanctions imposed by governments in response, may continue to cause elevated levels of market volatility 
and inflation rates. The Issuer also offers a number of insurance and financial products that expose the Issuer 
to risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates, securities prices or the value of real estate assets. In 
addition, a mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period may, in the 
event of changes in interest rates, have a material effect on the financial condition or result from operations 
of the businesses of the Issuer. 
The peripheral European financial system continues to be weak and could deteriorate further and there 
remains a risk that financial difficulties may result in certain European countries exiting the Eurozone. 
Similarly, the United Kingdom (UK) left the European Union (EU) on 31 January 2020. On 24 December 
2020, after intensive negotiations, the European Commission reached an agreement with the UK on the terms 
of their future cooperation. On 1 January 2021, the transitional phase in which the rules and regulations of 
the EU remained applicable for the UK ceased to apply. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the precise 
impact of the future relationship between the UK and the EU on the business of the Group is difficult to 
determine. The Group could be adversely affected in a number of ways including through exposure to 
fluctuations in the equity, fixed income and property markets which could result in a material adverse effect 
on its returns on invested assets and the value of its investment portfolio or its solvency position. See also

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
“Because the Issuer or its subsidiaries are exposed to fluctuations in the equity, fixed income and property 
markets, it could result in a material adverse effect on its returns on invested assets and the value of its 
investment portfolio or its solvency position”.  
Persistently high inflation and growing political instability in Turkey is impacting the Issuer’s activities there. 
This creates uncertainty with regards to for example pricing, premium volumes, claims and operational 
expenses and therefore profitability. It is currently uncertain how long Turkey will remain in a situation of 
hyperinflation and growing political instability and what the ultimate impact on the Issuer’s activities will be. 
The sudden increase in the interest rate environment and high inflation rates globally in the last year have 
negatively impacted the Group in various ways and will continue to do so if they persist 
In general, higher movements in interest rates are beneficial for insurers and also result in higher interest 
margins for Achmea Bank N.V. (Achmea Bank). However, in a period of sharply increasing interest rates 
(and inverse discount rates) and high inflation, the Issuer could be negatively impacted in the short term. 
Possible risks from higher and lower interest rate levels are further described below. 
In 2022, difficulties in the supply chain were recognised due to COVID-19 lockdowns and geopolitical 
tensions. These developments resulted in further increases in energy prices and increased inflation. Central 
banks across the world reacted with sharp and sudden increases of policy interest rates. These sharp increases 
resulted in an unprecedented increase in interest rates. This has negatively impacted the Group in various 
ways. The course of the inflation rate is uncertain and depends on the development of worldwide economic 
growth, the state of the financial markets, the result of the monetary actions of the Central Banks and the 
continuing (secondary) effects of the war between Ukraine and Russia and the recent war in the Middle East 
between Israel and Hamas. 
As long-term uncertainty exists, financial markets expect negative economic effects. This has resulted in a 
so-called “inverse discount curve”. This implies that longer durations have a lower discount rate than shorter 
durations. The continuation of this effect depends on the expectations of the financial markets around 
economic indicators like growth, employment and government spending, together with the forward guidance 
and the actual monetary policy of Central Banks. 
Rising interest rates may reduce the value of the Group's fixed income portfolio and mortgages may decrease. 
Rising interest rates could also impact the profitability of the Group and its total equity. Furthermore, the 
Solvency II technical provisions may decrease, but due to the obligatory use of the ultimate forward rate (the 
UFR), the change in the Solvency II technical provisions may not offset the decrease in the value of fixed-
income investments. Furthermore, rising interest rates could cause third parties to require the Group to post 
collateral in relation to its interest rate hedging arrangements (central clearing). In periods of rising interest 
rates, policy lapses and withdrawals may increase as policyholders may believe they can obtain a higher rate 
of return in the market place. See also “Incorrect assumptions used in pricing products, establishing 
provisions and reporting business results could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
revenues, results and financial condition”. In order to satisfy the resulting obligations to make cash payments 
to policyholders, the Group may be forced to sell assets at reduced prices and thus realise investment losses. 
Projection of the solvency figures in the annual Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (the ORSA) and capital 
planning show that low interest rates have a negative impact on the future capital generation of the Group. 
This may limit the ability of the Group to offer financial and insurance products at affordable prices. As a 
consequence, new business levels could be lower and, due to the limited ability to pass on directly the costs 
associated with high inflation rates in all products, profitability could be reduced. Also, if interest rates and 
inflation are volatile the present value impact of changes in assumptions affecting future benefits and 
expenses will also be volatile, creating more volatility in the Group’s results of operations and available 
regulatory capital.  
Under Solvency II, life liabilities are discounted with a curve including the UFR. In current market conditions, 
the application of the UFR results in an increase of interest rates used for the Solvency II valuation of the 
technical provisions for maturities of 20 years or longer. Application of the UFR makes the valuation of the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
longer cashflows of the technical provisions less sensitive to interest movements. The level of the UFR is 
proposed by the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) based on an agreed 
methodology involving expectations of the inflation and real rates, which are at a historically low level. The 
UFR is subsequently endorsed by the European Commission. A lower level of UFR used in the calculation 
of the Solvency II regime would result in higher valuation of the insurance liabilities and lower own funds, 
which may in turn materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, revenue, results and financial 
condition. At 1 January 2023 the UFR remained 3.45% as per 1 January 2022. Effective 1 January 2024, the 
UFR is expected to be decreased to 3.30% from 3.45%. This decrease of the UFR of 15 basis points will have 
a negative effect on the group Solvency II ratio of approximately 1 percentage point. 
In addition, the Group monitors its interest rate risk on a monthly basis. The Group’s interest rate policy is 
primarily aimed at reducing the sensitivity of the Solvency II ratio, but the interest rate position might also 
be assessed from the viewpoint of a moderate UFR or no recognition of the UFR. In a low interest rate 
environment this may lead to increased sensitivities of the Solvency II ratio which may result in a decrease 
of the Group's Solvency II ratio.  
In the case of unit-linked policies, an increase in withdrawals would result in a decrease in the Group's assets 
under management (AuM), which would result in reduced fee income as the Group's fee income is typically 
linked to the value of the AuM. This would in turn reduce profitability and could adversely affect the Group's 
ability to implement its business plan or distribute capital.   
As the course of future interest rates is uncertain, a new period of sustained low interest rates could emerge. 
This will again result in financial and insurance products with long-term options and guarantees (such as 
pension, whole-life, funeral and disability products) being more costly. 
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
revenues, results and financial condition.  
The hedging programmes of the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries may prove inadequate or ineffective for 
the risks they address, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries employ hedging programmes with the objective of mitigating risks inherent in 
its business and operations. These risks include current or future changes in the fair value of the assets and 
liabilities of the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries, current or future changes in cash flows, the effect of 
interest rates, equity markets and credit spread changes, the occurrence of credit defaults, and currency 
exchange fluctuations. As part of its risk management strategy, the Issuer and its subsidiaries employ hedging 
programmes to control these risks by entering into derivative financial instruments, such as swaps, options, 
futures and forward contracts. 
Developing an effective strategy for dealing with the risks described above is complex, and no strategy can 
completely protect the Issuer and its subsidiaries from such risks. Each of the hedging programmes of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries is based on financial market and customer behaviour models using, amongst others, 
statistics, observed historical market and customer behaviour, underlying fund performance, insurance policy 
terms and conditions, and the own judgment, expertise and experience of the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries. 
These models are complex and may not identify all exposures, may not accurately estimate the magnitude of 
identified exposures, or may not accurately determine the effectiveness of the hedge instruments, or fail to 
update hedge positions quickly enough to effectively respond to market movements. Furthermore, the 
effectiveness of these models depends on information regarding markets, customers, fund values, the 
insurance portfolio of the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries and other matters, each of which may not always be 
accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. Hedging programmes also involve transaction and other 
costs, and if the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries terminate a hedging arrangement, it may be required to pay 
additional costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. The Issuer and/or its subsidiaries may incur losses 
on transactions after taking into account hedging strategies. Although the Issuer and its subsidiaries have 
developed policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks associated with these hedging

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
programmes, the hedging programmes may not be effective in mitigating the risk that they are intended to 
hedge, particularly during periods of financial market volatility. 
Furthermore, the derivative counterparty in a hedging transaction may default on its obligations. Although it 
is the policy of the Issuer and its subsidiaries to fully collateralise derivative contracts, and differences in 
market value of the collateral are settled between the relevant parties on a daily basis, it is still exposed to 
counterparty risk. For instance, the Issuer and its subsidiaries are dependent on third parties for the daily 
calculation of the market values of the derivative collateral. If these third parties (mostly large institutions) 
miscalculate the collateral required and the counterparty fails to fulfil its obligations under the derivative 
contract, it could result in unexpected losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuer. The inability to manage risks of the Issuer 
and/or its subsidiaries successfully through derivatives (including a single counterparty’s default and the 
systemic risk that a default is transmitted from counterparty to counterparty) could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Default Risk and Concentration Risk related to mortgage loans and related products  
The Group’s business, revenues, results and financial condition are exposed to changes in legislation 
applicable to the housing market in the Netherlands and the Group’s residential retail and commercial 
mortgage portfolio is exposed to the risk of default by borrowers, to declines in real estate prices and to new 
sustainability legislation, all of which may have a negative effect on the Group’s mortgage portfolio 
Various restrictions have been introduced in the Netherlands with respect to mortgage lending and the tax 
treatment of the mortgage loans. For the banking activities these restrictions may reduce the size of and 
income earned from the Group’s total mortgage portfolio significantly. 
The Dutch tax system allows borrowers to deduct, subject to certain limitations, mortgage interest payments 
for owner-occupied residences from their taxable income. Interest deductibility in respect of mortgage loans 
originated after 1 January 2013 is restricted and is only available in respect of mortgage loans which amortise 
over 30 years or less and are repaid on at least an annuity basis. Furthermore, the tax rate against which 
mortgage interest may be deducted has been gradually reduced as of 1 January 2014 to a level of 36.97% for 
each tax payer in 2024.  
Abovementioned tax reduction changes and any other or further changes in the tax treatment could ultimately 
have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to pay interest and principal on their mortgage loans. In 
addition, changes in tax treatment may lead to different prepayment behaviour by borrowers on their (savings) 
mortgage loans resulting in higher or lower prepayment rates of such mortgage loans. This behaviour might 
also have an impact on the savings-linked products originated by the Group which are linked to savings 
mortgages. Finally, changes in tax treatment may have an adverse effect on the value of the mortgaged assets, 
which may lead to a loss for a borrower once the mortgaged asset is sold, which may lead to a loss on the 
mortgage loans. 
The increasing restrictions applicable to the mortgage lending and the tax treatment of the mortgage loans 
may, among other things, have a material adverse effect on new origination, house prices and the rate of 
economic growth and may result in an increase of defaults or higher prepayment rates, as both will result in 
less earnings comprised mortgage loans. Also, borrower non-payments when due, payment disruptions or 
borrower defaults, e.g. in case of annuity mortgage loans, due to gradually increasing principal payments, or 
as a result of increasing interest rates (at future reset dates), may have a material adverse effect on the rate of 
economic recovery of the mortgage loans which would have a negative effect on the Group’s large mortgage 
portfolio.  
The Group is also exposed to the risk of default by borrowers under the mortgage loans. Borrowers may 
default on their obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy generally or 
declines in real estate prices, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. The value of the mortgaged asset in 
respect of these mortgage loans is exposed to decreases in real estate prices, arising for instance from 
downturns in the economy generally, oversupply of properties in the market, and changes in tax regulations

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
related to housing (such as the decrease in the deductibility of interest on mortgage payments described 
above). Furthermore, the value of the mortgaged asset in respect of these mortgage loans is exposed to 
destruction and damage resulting from floods and other natural and man-made disasters. Damage or 
destruction of the mortgaged asset also increases the risk of default by the borrower. For the Group, all of 
these exposures are concentrated in the Netherlands because the mortgage loans have been advanced, and are 
secured by commercial and residential property, in the Netherlands.  
In addition, the Issuer’s investment portfolio includes residential retail and commercial mortgages secured 
by properties, which properties may be subject to new or stricter sustainability legislation in the EU. 
Currently, new sustainability legislation is being introduced or will be introduced in order to achieve the 
objectives of the Paris accord and the objectives as set out in the EU Green Deal (COM/2019/640 Final). 
Such regulations could require property owners to make significant capital expenditures to upgrade, retrofit 
or renovate their properties to comply with energy efficiency or sustainability criteria, such as installing 
insulation, renewable energy sources, smart meters, low-carbon heating systems or other measures. Property 
owners may also face higher operating costs, taxes, fees or penalties if they fail to meet the regulatory 
requirements or targets. These costs could reduce the profitability or cash flow of the property owners and 
affect their ability to service their mortgage obligations to the Issuer. Alternatively, property owners may 
seek to pass on some or all of these costs to their tenants, which could reduce the attractiveness or affordability 
of the properties and increase the risk of vacancy, default or turnover. 
Furthermore, the value of the properties securing the Group’s mortgages could be negatively affected by the 
regulatory environment or the market perception of their energy efficiency or sustainability performance. 
Properties that do not meet the regulatory or market standards or expectations could suffer from lower 
demand, lower rental income, lower resale value, lower valuation or lower credit rating. This could impair 
the Group’s collateral position and increase the risk of loss in the event of foreclosure or sale of the properties. 
The Group may also face difficulties in obtaining reliable and comparable data on the energy efficiency or 
sustainability performance of the properties in its portfolio or the properties it may acquire in the future. The 
Group may also incur additional costs or liabilities in relation to the disclosure, reporting, verification or 
auditing of such data or the compliance with the sustainability legislation. Any of these factors could 
adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and its ability to 
meet its obligations under the Notes. For the purposes of available (regulatory) capital of the insurance 
business, mortgage loans are valued at fair market value and are therefore exposed to interest rate, prepayment 
and credit default risk. For instance, the model valuation of mortgage loans includes spreads observed in the 
markets for newly issued mortgage loans. If these spreads increase, the modelled value of the mortgage loans 
will decrease, which may result in unrealised losses under the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(the IFRS) as adopted by the EU and will cause decreases in the Group’s available (regulatory) capital. 
Furthermore, if economic conditions in the Netherlands deteriorate (including due to increases in 
unemployment and property price declines) this could have an impact on the default rate which would 
decrease the fair value of the Group’s mortgage loan portfolio. An increase of defaults, or the likelihood of 
defaults under, the Group’s mortgage loans, or a decline in property prices in the Netherlands, has had, and 
could have, an adverse effect on Group’s business, revenues, results and, or financial condition.  
Because the Group is exposed to counterparty default risk in relation to its savings-linked product portfolio, 
changes in relation to these counterparties or changes in the valuation method applicable to this portfolio 
under Solvency II may have an adverse effect on the Group’s solvency position. 
The Group’s savings-linked product portfolio includes both contracts linked to mortgages originated by the 
Group, as well as contracts linked to mortgages originated by third parties. For savings-linked products linked 
to mortgages originated by third parties (and not transferred to the Group) and not secured by mitigation 
mechanisms such as cession and retrocession contracts or participation arrangements, the mortgage loan is 
not reflected on the Group’s balance sheet. The mortgage savings are mainly recognised on the Economic 
Balance Sheet under Solvency II of Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V., for which it has an 
exposure to counterparty default risk and spread risk.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
The Issuer classifies all savings related to mortgage products under several Balance Sheet items “Mortgages 
to individuals, Derivatives and Other investments”. The split into the various Balance Sheet items is because 
of the new Q&A Mortgage Saving products issued by the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank), 
DNB). Due to legislation these products are not issued anymore. The Issuer could run a risk, if the 
counterparty of the mortgage saving products would be in resolution or default and the liquidator or resolution 
authority would not continue the mortgage saving agreements as the Issuer has guaranteed a return to the 
policyholder which may not be obtained from the counterparty. This could have an adverse effect on Group’s 
business, revenues, results and, or financial condition. 
Because the Issuer and its subsidiaries are exposed to financial risks such as credit risk, default risk, risks 
concerning the adequacy of its credit provisions and counterparty risks, it could have a significant effect on 
the value of the Issuer’s assets 
Credit risk refers to the potential losses incurred by the Issuer as a result of debtors not being able to fulfil 
their obligations when due, or a perceived increased likelihood thereof. Losses incurred due to credit risk 
include actual losses from defaults, market value losses due to credit rating downgrades and/or spread 
widening, or impairments and write-downs. The Issuer is exposed to various types of general credit risk, 
including spread risk, default risk and concentration risk. Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities 
or other assets may not pay or perform under their obligations. These parties may include customers, the 
issuers whose securities are being held by the Issuer, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and 
other derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries. 
These parties may default on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in 
the economy or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons. 
The business of the Issuer is also subject to risks that have their impact on the adequacy of its credit 
provisions. These provisions relate to the possibility that a counterparty may default on its obligations to the 
Issuer which arise from financial transactions. Depending on the actual realisation of such counterparty 
default, the current credit provisions may prove to be inadequate. If future events or the effects thereof do not 
fall within any of the assumptions, factors or assessments used by the Issuer to determine its credit provisions, 
these provisions could be inadequate. 
The Issuer is also exposed to concentration risk, which is the risk of default by counterparties or investments 
in which it has taken large positions. A single default of a large exposure could therefore lead to a significant 
loss for the Issuer. 
The Issuer has issued a capped guarantee to Achmea Bank to cover credit risk and legal claims in connection 
with the acquired substantial part of the loan activities (the Acier Loan Portfolio) from Staalbankiers, the 
former private banking entity within the Group, which terminated its banking activities on 25 September 
2017 (reference is made to “Litigation – “Acier Loan Portfolio” on page 139 of this Base Prospectus). The 
maximum amount for the financial guarantee is € 280 million, of which the tenor is aligned with the remaining 
tenors of the relevant loans. 
Additionally, the Issuer and its subsidiaries are exposed to counterparty risks in relation to other financial 
institutions. Due to the nature of the global financial system, financial institutions, such as the Issuer and the 
subsidiaries of the Issuer, are interdependent as a result of trading, counterparty and other relationships. The 
interdependence of financial institutions means that the failure of a sufficiently large and influential financial 
institution due to disruptions in the financial markets could materially disrupt securities markets or clearance 
and settlement systems in the markets. This could cause severe market declines or volatility. Such a failure 
could also lead to a chain of defaults by counterparties that could materially adversely affect the Issuer or its 
subsidiaries Deteriorations in the financial soundness of other financial institutions may, therefore, have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and its subsidiaries’ business, revenues, results and financial condition.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Market Risks Relating to the Group’s Business 
The Group’s investment management business is complex and a failure to properly perform asset 
management services could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, revenues, results and 
financial condition  
The Group’s investment management and related activities include, among other things, portfolio 
management, investment advice, fund administration and fiduciary services. In order to be competitive, the 
Group must properly perform its administrative, asset management and related responsibilities, including 
record keeping, accounting, valuation, corporate actions, compliance with investment guidelines and 
restrictions, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, use of derivatives for hedging and 
required distributions to fund shareholders. The laws and regulations to which the Group is subject in this 
respect are becoming increasingly more extensive and complex, placing an increasing burden on the Group’s 
resources and expertise, and requiring implementation and monitoring measures that are costly. As 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time-consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in 
laws and regulations, including sustainability legislation, have increased, and may further increase, the cost 
of compliance has increased and is expected to continue to increase. Failure to comply with any applicable 
laws and regulations could subject the Group to administrative penalties and other enforcement measures 
imposed by a particular governmental or selfregulatory authority, and could lead to adverse publicity, harm 
the Group’s reputation, cause temporary interruption of operations and cause revocation or temporary 
suspension of the licence. Furthermore, investments on behalf of policyholders and investments in relation 
to a number of pension contracts are managed by external asset managers. Failure by the Group to properly 
perform and monitor its investment management operations could lead to, among others, investments being 
made in breach of the mandates given by customers, poor investment decisions and poor asset allocation, the 
wrong investments being bought or sold or the incorrect monitoring of exposures as well as possible erosion 
of the Group’s reputation or liability to pay compensation, existing customers withdrawing funds and 
potential customers not granting investment mandates, which could lead to a decrease in fee income. 
Additionally, if the Group does not provide satisfactory or appropriate investment returns, underperforms in 
relation to its competitors, does not sell an investment product which a customer requires or loses its key 
investment managers, existing customers may decide to reduce or liquidate their investment or, alternatively, 
transfer their mandates to another investment manager impacting the investment fees of the Group. In 
addition, potential customers may decide not to grant investment mandates. If the Group is able to grow its 
asset management business at the rate it currently intends, its exposure to these risks, and therefore also the 
risk of reputational damage and third-party claims, may increase. Any such failure could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, revenues, results and financial condition.  
Because the Issuer and its subsidiaries are exposed to fluctuations in the equity, fixed income and property 
markets, it could result in a material adverse effect on its returns on invested assets and the value of its 
investment portfolio or its solvency position 
 
The returns on the investments from the Issuer through its subsidiaries are highly susceptible to fluctuations 
in equity, fixed income and property markets. The Issuer, through its subsidiaries, bears all the risk associated 
with its investments for own risk. Fluctuations in the equity, fixed income and property markets affect the 
Issuer's profitability and capital position. A decline in any of these markets will lead to a reduction of 
unrealised gains in the asset or result in unrealised losses and could result in impairments and additional 
losses. Any decline in the market values of these assets reduces the Issuer's solvency, which could materially 
adversely impact the Issuer's financial condition and the Issuer's ability to attract or conduct new business. 
The value of the Issuer's own risk fixed income portfolio could be affected by changes in the credit rating of 
the issuer of the securities as well as by liquidity generally in the bond markets. When the credit rating of the 
issuer of the debt securities falls, the value of the fixed income security may also decline.  
In addition, for reporting purposes in applying IFRS 9 most of the Issuer's or its subsidiaries fixed income 
securities and equity securities are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. As a result, 
movements in the market value of these securities are reflected in the income statement in the period during 
which they occurred. Movements in insurance liabilities due to financial parameters are also reported in the 
income statement.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
A decrease in the long-term interest rate primarily adversely affects the values of the Issuer through its 
subsidiaries' increase in liabilities under traditional life contracts, as insurance liabilities are discounted using 
market interest rates for financial reporting in applying IFRS 17. The negative effect is to a large extent offset 
by the simultaneous increase in the market value of fixed income assets. The net effect on the net asset 
value/surplus depends on the duration and volume of assets and liabilities as well as derivatives.  
As the Issuer is required to maintain a minimum level of technical provisions for its liabilities pursuant to 
Capital Adequacy Regulations, there may be a gap between the interest rate sensitivity of the Issuer's 
liabilities and the interest rate sensitivity of the Issuer's assets, which may be difficult to hedge effectively. 
As the Issuer anticipates it will be required to maintain a level of capital in the future as prescribed by future 
applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations, there may be an interest rate sensitivity of net assets over the 
regulatory minimum capital requirement which may be difficult to hedge effectively. 
The value of the Issuer's or its subsidiaries property portfolio is subject to risks related to, amongst others, 
occupancy levels, rent levels, consumer spending, prices of properties and interest rates. An economic 
downturn could result in the property market facing worsening commercial property occupancy levels and 
low consumer spending on residential property, which, in turn, could reduce returns on property investments. 
Occupancy levels could drop if the Issuer does not properly manage the contractual provisions governing the 
leases related to the properties. For instance, short-term contracts or provisions entitling customers to 
terminate contracts early could reduce occupancy. From the second half of 2013 until the first half of 2022, 
house prices in the Netherlands have, on average (noting regional differences in the rate of change), increased 
substantially. However, an economic downturn could also result in a decline in the market values of 
residential and commercial properties as a result of reluctance in the market to buy further property or to 
invest in new building projects. Any decline in the market values of its property investments could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, revenues, results and financial condition.  
The Issuer, through its subsidiaries, is exposed not only in respect of its own capital invested in equities, fixed 
income assets and property, but also in respect of its liabilities to policyholders in respect of the funds of 
policyholders and other customers invested in equities, fixed income assets and property under life insurance 
contracts such as unit-linked products and investment contracts. Many of the Issuer's life insurance products 
sold by its subsidiaries guarantee a minimum investment return or minimum accumulation at maturity to the 
policyholder. In the event that the decline in value of the invested assets is greater than the decline in liabilities 
associated with the guaranteed benefits, the Issuer must increase its provisions formed for the purpose of 
funding these future guaranteed benefits, which will result in an adverse impact on the Issuer's results. In 
addition, the Issuer's revenues from unit-linked products (including those without minimum guarantees) and 
investment contracts depend on fees paid by the customer. Because those fees are generally assessed as a 
percentage of AuM, they vary directly with the market value of such assets. Therefore a general decline in 
financial markets, including in particular equity markets, will reduce the Issuer's revenues under these 
contracts. 
New sustainability legislation has been introduced or will be introduced in order to achieve the objectives of 
the Paris accord and the objectives as set out in the EU Green Deal (COM/2019/640 Final). The 
implementation of these measures could have negative effects on the future development of the Issuer’s 
investment portfolio, as certain investments could be subject to transition risk or even become stranded if no 
adaptation measures are implemented by companies that are impacted. Adaptation or risk mitigation measures 
could be required to be implemented by those companies/institutions impairing the prices of these 
investments. 
A downgrade or a potential downgrade in the Group's credit or financial strength ratings could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's ability to raise additional capital, or increase the cost of additional 
capital, and could result in, amongst others, a loss of existing or potential business (including customer 
withdrawals), lower AuM and fee income and decreased liquidity, each of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and financial condition 
In general, credit and financial strength ratings are important factors affecting public confidence in insurers, 
and are as such important to the Group's ability to sell its products and services to existing and potential

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
customers. Credit ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding an entity's ability to repay its 
indebtedness. On an operating subsidiary level, financial strength ratings reflect the opinions of rating 
agencies on the financial ability of an insurance company to meet its obligations under an insurance policy, 
and are typically referred to as “claims-paying ability” ratings. 
Rating agencies review insurers' ability to meet their obligations (including to policyholders and their 
creditworthiness generally) based on various factors, and assign ratings stating their current opinion in that 
regard. While most of the factors are specific to the rated company, some relate to general economic 
conditions and other circumstances outside the rated company's control. Such factors might also include a 
downgrade of the sovereign credit rating of the Netherlands as rating agencies typically take into account the 
credit rating of the relevant sovereign in assessing the credit and financial strength ratings of corporate issuers 
(even if the sovereign does not have an ownership interest in the relevant issuer). Rating agencies have 
increased the level of scrutiny that they apply to financial institutions, have increased the frequency and scope 
of their reviews, have requested additional information from the companies that they rate, and may adjust 
upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of certain 
ratings levels. The Group may need to take actions in response to changing standards or capital requirements 
set by any of the rating agencies, which may not otherwise be in the best interests of the Group. The Group 
cannot predict what additional actions rating agencies may take, or what actions the Group may take in 
response to the actions of rating agencies. The outcome of such reviews may have adverse ratings 
consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and 
financial condition.  
On 20 January 2023, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) assigned a deteriorating (previously neutral) 
outlook to the Dutch insurance sector. The deteriorating outlook reflects Fitch’s expectation that Dutch 
insurers would face more challenging and more uncertain operating conditions in 2023 as economic downside 
risks and headwinds increase.   
 
On 14 March 2023, Fitch affirmed the Issuer Financial Strength rating of the Group’s core operating entities 
of A+ with a stable outlook.  
 
On 10 March 2023, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited affirmed its 'A' insurer financial strength ratings on 
the core operating entities of the Group. 
 
A downgrade of the Group's or its operating subsidiaries' credit or financial strength ratings, and a 
deteriorating capital position, in each case relative to the Group's competitors, could affect the Group's 
competitive position as comparative ratings are one of the factors typically considered by potential customers 
and third-party distributors, in selecting an insurer. Tied agents make a similar choice when they agree to 
become tied to an insurer. A downgrade of an insurer's credit or financial strength ratings may also contribute 
to the decision of a tied agent to terminate its relationship with that insurer and move to another insurer. Such 
a downgrade may also lead to increased withdrawals, lapses of life insurance policies by existing customers 
as they may elect to move their business to insurers with higher ratings. A downgrade in the Group's credit 
ratings or in any of its operating subsidiaries' financial strength ratings could thus lead to a decrease in the 
Group's AuM, lower fee income, and decreased liquidity. In addition, a downgrade could reduce public 
confidence in the Group and its operating insurance company subsidiaries and thereby reduce demand for its 
products and increase the number or amount of policy withdrawals by policyholders. These withdrawals 
could require the sale of invested assets, including illiquid assets, at a price that may result in investment 
losses. Cash payments to policyholders could reduce the value of AuM and therefore result in lower fee 
income. A downgrade in the Group's or its operating subsidiaries' credit ratings could also (a) make it more 
difficult or more costly to access additional debt and equity capital, including hybrid capital, or to redeem 
and replace such capital (b) increase collateral requirements, give rise to additional payments, or afford 
termination rights, to counterparties under derivative contracts or other agreements, and (c) impair, or cause 
the termination of, the Group's relationships with creditors, distributors, reinsurers or trading counterparties, 
each of which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and financial 
condition. 
Sales of life insurance products in the Netherlands have been declining since 2008. Further declines in sales 
volumes could, over time, lead to a further decline of the Group's life insurance portfolio and, if the Group

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
is unable to adjust its cost base, have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and 
financial condition  
The Group's life insurance business is shrinking and in recent years the Group has reduced its product 
offerings in respect of life insurance.  
More generally, sales of life insurance products in the Netherlands have declined significantly since 2008; 
the total market for life insurance products decreased from € 26.4 billion gross written premiums (GWP) in 
2008 to € 17.5 billion in 2014 and € 12.2 billion in 2020 (source: DNB). When stock markets began to decline 
commencing in 2006, unit-linked products became less attractive due to their lower returns for policyholders. 
These lower returns triggered a discussion on costs and cost transparency issues and resulted in negative 
publicity and litigation. On 16 February 2024, Achmea reached an agreement with interest groups 
Consumentenclaim, Woekerpolis.nl, Woekerpolisproces, Wakkerpolis and the Consumers’ Association with 
respect to a final settlement for customers with a unit-linked insurance policy who are affiliated with one of 
these interest groups. See also “Litigation – Unit-linked products” under section “Description of the Issuer”. 
A condition to this settlement is that 90% of the customers affiliated with the interest groups noted above 
accept the settlement. As soon as this condition is met, the collective actions that these interest groups have 
initiated in the past, will end. As soon as the 90% threshold is met, the risks involved in these proceedings 
are eliminated. Nevertheless, there still is a risk that one or more pending or future claims from individual 
customers and/or other interest groups could succeed. Also, there is a risk that new interest groups could 
initiate a law suit or collective action against Achmea. See also “Description of the Issuer – Litigation”. If 
one or more of these allegations or claims should succeed and/or if actions taken by regulators or 
governmental authorities against the Group or other insurers in respect of these products (including unit-
linked life insurance products), settlements, collective or otherwise, or other actions taken by other insurers 
and sector-wide measures could substantially affect the Group's insurance business and, as a result, may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, reputation, revenues, results, solvency and financial 
condition. In its sector-wide investigation report of 2008, the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets 
(Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the AFM) estimated that in the Netherlands, in total, up to and 
including 2005, approximately 7.2 million individual unit-linked retail policies had been sold, while volumes 
of such policies sold decreased rapidly thereafter due to the negative publicity associated with them. 
Legislative changes introduced in 2008 have enabled banks to offer bank annuity products that compete with 
life insurance products and benefit from the same tax efficiency as mortgage or pension-related Individual 
life insurance products. Since 2013, the sale of new bank annuity products has started to decline due to the 
fact that mortgage products are now mainly linear or annuity mortgage products, limiting the need for bank 
savings products. Further declines in such sales volumes, in particular if the Group is unable to reduce costs 
in line with any such decline in life insurance portfolios, including by increasing the share of variable 
expenses while lowering fixed costs, or to maintain the retention rate of existing customers, could lead to a 
further decline of its life insurance portfolio and have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
solvency condition, revenues, results and financial condition. The Group has decided that the Dutch life and 
pension business will be a closed book, with the exception of term life insurance and annuities. Therefore, 
the Dutch life and pensions portfolio of the Group will gradually decline which will require a focus on cost 
management. It is expected that the solvency position will remain adequate because of release of the risk 
margin. However revenues and financial results will gradually decrease which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, solvency condition, revenues, results and financial condition. 
Liquidity Risk 
 
Lack of liquidity at the Issuer and lack of liquidity for operating entities, along with the inability to upstream 
capital and liquidity from subsidiaries to the Issuer are risks to the Group's business and may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results, ability to upstream dividends and financial 
condition  
The Group is subject to the risk that it cannot meet its payments and collateral obligations when due without 
significant losses or at all. In case of an increase in interest rates, the value of interest rate derivatives could 
decrease, potentially leading to a substantial higher collateral obligation. The Group is also subject to the risk 
of not being able to meet expected or unexpected current or future cash outflows or collateral needs without 
affecting the financial condition of the Group. The Group is subject to the risk that it cannot sell an asset

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
without significantly affecting the market price of the asset due to insufficient supply and demand, and to the 
risk of market disruption, changes in applicable haircuts and market value or uncertainty about the time 
required to sell an asset or exit a trading position.  
The lack of liquidity in certain investment assets could prevent the Group from selling investments at fair 
prices in a timely manner. Each asset purchased and liability sold has unique liquidity characteristics. Some 
assets have high liquidity, meaning that they can be converted into cash relatively quickly, while other assets, 
such as privately placed loans, mortgage loans, property and limited partnership interests, generally have low 
liquidity. Market downturns generally reduce the liquidity of investments during the period of market 
disruption. They may also reduce the liquidity of those assets which are typically liquid, as has occurred with 
markets for asset-backed securities relating to property assets and other collateralised debt and loan 
obligations. The Group holds certain assets that have low liquidity, such as privately placed fixed income 
securities, commercial and residential mortgage loans, asset-backed securities, government bonds of certain 
countries, private equity investments and real estate. Due to the lack of liquidity in the capital markets for 
certain assets, which may intensify and affect previously liquid assets during times of market disruption, the 
Group may be unable to sell or buy assets at market efficient prices and may therefore realise investment 
losses or be obliged to issue securities at higher financing costs.  
The Group's banking subsidiary, Achmea Bank, is exposed to the risk of customer deposit outflows. In the 
event of larger than expected customer deposit outflows the Group would need to seek alternate funding, such 
as wholesale funding, and would be subject to the risk of an inability to attract wholesale funding to fund its 
illiquid assets, in particular its mortgage portfolio. There can be no assurance that liquidity available 
elsewhere in the Group can or may be made available to the Group or affected subsidiary or that any such 
entity will have access to external sources of liquidity.  
Furthermore, the Issuer is a holding entity and its liquidity depends on the ability of the Group to upstream 
capital and liquidity from its subsidiaries. The Issuer is also dependent on dividend payments by its 
subsidiaries to service its debt and expenses. Payments of dividends to the Issuer by its subsidiaries may be 
restricted by applicable laws and regulations, including laws establishing minimum solvency and liquidity 
thresholds. For instance, dividend distributions by the operating insurance companies may not be permitted 
by DNB. In the event that an insurance company does not comply with the applicable solvency requirements 
or foresees that it might not meet these requirements in the twelve (12) following months, it requires a 
declaration of no objection from DNB for (i) a reduction of its equity by either repayment of capital or a 
distribution of provisions, or (ii) the distribution of dividend. This legal requirement may negatively affect 
the profitability of the Issuer. In addition, to restrictions as a result of applicable laws and regulations for 
payment of dividends by subsidiaries, dividend upstreams may also become restricted because of the Group's 
own policies, such as taking into account additional considerations with respect to capital, leverage and 
liquidity requirements, other regulatory requirements or constraints, strategy, future income, profits, 
resources available for distribution, financial conditions, growth opportunities, the outlook of the subsidiary, 
its short-term and long-term viability, general economic conditions and any circumstances that the Executive 
Board (as defined below) may deem relevant or appropriate, including additional capital and liquidity buffers 
deemed adequate in furtherance of the subsidiary's moderate risk profile. Further, the Group has a large 
derivatives portfolio, which could require it to post (additional) collateral, reducing its available funds. 
Although the Group has a liquidity management policy in place to manage liquidity risk, this policy may 
prove to be ineffective.  
In January 2017, the Dutch House of Representatives (Tweede Kamer) voted in favour of the proposed Act 
prohibiting profit distribution by health insurers (the APPDH, Wet verbod op winstuitkering door 
zorgverzekeraars). On 13 June 2017, the Dutch Senate (Eerste Kamer) has put its voting for this proposal on 
hold, due to an amendment (novelle) that was prepared in order to amend the APPDH based on advice given 
by DNB and the Dutch Health Authority (Nederlandse Zorgautoriteit). This amendment was sent for advice 
to the Council of State (Raad van State) in July 2018, as well as to DNB and the Health Authority. After 
studying all the advices the initiators of the proposed act will send the amendment for voting to the Dutch 
House of Representatives and, after being approved there, to the Dutch Senate. It was first expected that the 
APPDH would come into force as of 1 January 2018, however, this date is now very unclear. Despite the fact 
that the initiators sent a letter to the Dutch Senate on 4 July 2019 in which they indicated that they would 
analyse all the advice in the summer of 2019 and that after that they would send the amendment together with

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
their analysis of all the advice (Nader Rapport) to the Dutch House of Representatives. No further 
developments were seen after 4 July 2019. 
The APPDH and its amendment prohibit health insurers (those entities that execute the mandatory basic 
health insurance) to distribute profits to its shareholders. The APPDH, and its amendment may have a 
negative impact on the solvency ratio of the Issuer because under the APPDH and its amendment, its health 
insurance subsidiaries that execute the mandatory health insurance will not be allowed to distribute profits to 
Group entities which are their shareholder that do not execute the mandatory health insurance. As a result of 
the fact that the initial APPDH, as well as its amendment, leaves much room for various interpretations, the 
Issuer cannot determine the impact - if any - on the solvency capital on group level. The APPDH and its 
amendment may also negatively affect the financial results of the Issuer's health insurance subsidiaries, for 
instance because those subsidiaries may become increasingly dependent on external financing which has 
another cost structure. 
Because Achmea Bank faces refinancing risks in the capital markets, Achmea Bank might face substantial 
liquidity risks 
Achmea Bank faces liquidity risk, which means that funding and liquid assets will not be (sufficiently) 
available as a result of which the Issuer may not be able to meet short-term financial obligations. The 
sensitivity of Achmea Bank to this risk is substantial. The amount of mortgage loans on the Issuer's balance 
sheet exceeds the amount of savings money attracted. This has resulted in a dependency on wholesale funding 
including the use of securitisation of the mortgage portfolios and the issue of covered bonds and secured euro 
medium term notes. The gap between mortgage loans granted and savings and deposits entrusted is funded 
in the money and capital markets. Good access to these markets may be necessary to finance the growth of 
the mortgage loan portfolio and to refinance all outstanding loans with a shorter maturity than the mortgage 
loans in which the money is invested. The access to the money and capital markets may be affected by 
concerns about the credit strength of Achmea Bank, but may also be influenced by concerns about the market 
segments in which Achmea Bank is active, or by a general market disruption. Access to the markets may be 
further affected by a deterioration of the credit rating of the Issuer.  
 
The implementation of Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 December 2022 on ensuring a global 
minimum level of taxation for multinational enterprise groups and large-scale domestic groups in the 
European Union may result in a higher tax burden for the Group which could have a negative effect on the 
Group’s solvency and financial condition 
  
The Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two), an initiative by the OECD/G20 Inclusive 
Framework, introduces a minimum level of taxation for multinationals with annual consolidated revenue of 
EUR 750 million or more in at least two out of the four fiscal years immediately preceding the tested fiscal 
year. The aim of Pillar Two is to ensure that large multinational enterprise groups are subject to a minimum 
effective tax rate of 15% in each jurisdiction where they operate.   
 
The Council of the European Union (the EU) formally adopted Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 (the Pillar 
Two Directive). The Pillar Two Directive was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
22 December 2022. EU member states had to implement the Pillar Two Directive in their national laws by 
31 December 2023. The Netherlands implemented the Pillar Two Directive in the Dutch Minimum Tax Act 
2024 (Wet minimumbelasting 2024) which entered into force on 31 December 2023. The Dutch Minimum 
Tax Act 2024 applies the IIR and QDMTT (as further discussed below) for accounting periods starting on or 
after 31 December 2023 and the UTPR (as further discussed below) for accounting periods starting on or 
after 31 December 2024.   
 
The primary mechanism for implementation of Pillar Two will be an income inclusion rule (the IIR) pursuant 
to which a top-up tax is payable by a parent entity of a group if and to the extent that one or more constituent 
members of the group have been taxed below an effective rate of 15%. In the situation that no IIR applies at 
the ultimate parent entity level, a lower level (intermediary) entity may be required to apply the IIR. A 
secondary fall back is provided by an undertaxed payment rule (the UTPR) in case the IIR has not been 
applied. The UTPR can be applied by (i) limiting or denying a deduction or (ii) making an adjustment in the 
form of an additional tax.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The Netherlands opted for option (ii) i.e. to make an adjustment in the form of an additional tax. In addition, 
and in line with the Pillar Two Directive, the Dutch Minimum Tax Act 2024 also includes a qualified domestic 
minimum top-up tax (the QDMTT). A jurisdiction that incorporates the QDMTT becomes the first in line to 
levy any top-up tax from entities located in its jurisdiction. It must compute profits and calculate any top-up 
tax due in the same way as the Pillar Two rules. Without a QDMTT, another jurisdiction as determined by 
the Pillar Two rules would be entitled to levy the top-up tax.  
 
The implementation of the Pillar Two Directive may result in a higher tax burden for the Group which could 
have a negative impact on the Group’s solvency and financial condition. 
 
Operational Risks 
The Group is reliant on data quality and models, including for example for calculating Solvency II own funds 
and required capital. In addition, the increasing demands from supervisory and other authorities both as far 
as detail and frequency of reporting is concerned, are a significant burden on the Group with the 
accompanying risk that errors are made, information is reported past deadlines and that fines and other 
penalties are incurred. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, reputation, results 
and financial condition 
The Group uses large amounts of data in its business including to price its products and run its actuarial and 
risk models (see also “Incorrect assumptions used in pricing products, establishing provisions and reporting 
business results could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, revenues, results and financial 
condition”). If the data management uses is incorrect or incomplete this may lead to incorrect or untimely 
decisions by management. Additionally, defects and errors in the Group's financial processes, systems and 
reporting, including both human and technical error, could result in a late delivery of internal and external 
reports, or reports with insufficient or inaccurate information.  
The Group is also subject to increasingly detailed and extensive information requests made with increasing 
frequency from supervisory and other authorities in the Netherlands. As the frequency of requests and the 
amount and detail of data requested increases, where requests regularly overlap and the formats of requests 
may differ or be subject to different requirements, more administrative, operational and IT resources are 
required for compliance. The Group's difficulty in responding to these requests is aggravated by its reporting 
chain being complex and the fact that in the Group's current financial reporting, business units and legal 
entities do not always coincide. Although the Group is managing the consequences of regulatory change and 
the increase in data requests from authorities, the Group cannot fully mitigate or eliminate those risks. 
The complexity of the Group's reporting chain is due to, among other things, different IT systems in use by 
the relevant business units, legacy issues, certain data and documentation not being recorded in a uniform 
manner or being recorded inaccurately. When the Group receives a request for information from a supervisory 
or other authority, the data required may not always be readily available or may not be available in a format 
that allows processing without human intervention. The Group may then need to manually collect and collate 
data from its various systems and from within different business units and convert it into a format compliant 
with reporting requirements. This creates a risk that mistakes are made, deadlines are missed or that reporting 
requirements are not complied with. It may also force the Group to significantly increase its spending on 
compliance and IT. Furthermore, regulatory reporting requirements may be contradictory with each other, 
making compliance more difficult. Missing deadlines or in other manners not or not fully complying with 
reporting requirements could lead to substantial fines and other penalties. The developments described above 
could also lead to tension between any new regulatory obligations and the duty of care of the Group or privacy 
considerations that apply in certain jurisdictions. Although the Group conducts its business mainly in the 
Netherlands, it may be subject to the requirements of governments or supervisory and other authorities in 
other jurisdictions that may not necessarily be compatible with requirements in the Netherlands. Any of the 
above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, reputation, results and financial condition. 
Because the Issuer is exposed to failures in risk management systems, this could have a significant impact on 
the financial condition of the Issuer

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The Issuer invests substantial time and effort in its strategies and procedures for managing not only credit 
and concentration risk, but also other risks, such as strategic risk, insurance risk, market risk, liquidity risk, 
operational risk and conduct of business risk. These strategies and procedures could nonetheless fail or not 
be fully effective under some circumstances, particularly if the Issuer is confronted with risks that it has not 
fully or adequately identified or anticipated. Some of the methods of the Issuer for managing risk are based 
upon observations of historical market behaviour. Statistical techniques are applied to these observations in 
order to arrive at quantifications of some of the risk exposures of the Issuer. These statistical methods may 
not accurately quantify the risk exposure of the Issuer if circumstances arise which were not observed in its 
historical data. For example, as the Issuer through its subsidiaries offers new products or services, the 
historical data may be incomplete or not accurate for such new insurance products or services. If 
circumstances arise which the Issuer did not identify, anticipate or correctly evaluate during the development 
of its statistical models, its losses could be greater than the maximum losses initially envisaged. Furthermore, 
the quantifications do not take all risks or market conditions into account. If the measures used to assess and 
mitigate risk prove insufficient, the Issuer may experience unanticipated losses, which could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, revenues, results and financial condition. 
Reputational Risk 
Because the Issuer is exposed to the risk of damage to any of its brands or its reputation it could have a 
significant impact on the financial condition of the Issuer 
The Issuer's success and results are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of its brands and the Issuer's 
reputation. The Issuer and its products are vulnerable to adverse market perception as it operates in an industry 
where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. The Issuer relies on its brands such as Zilveren 
Kruis, FBTO, Centraal Beheer, Interpolis, Avéro Achmea, InShared and De Friesland. The Issuer is exposed 
to the risk that litigation (such as on mis-selling), employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of 
regulatory investigations, press speculation and negative publicity, amongst others, whether or not founded, 
could damage its brands or reputation. Any of the Issuer's brands or the Issuer's reputation could also be 
harmed if products or services recommended by the Issuer (or any of its subsidiaries) do not perform as 
expected (whether or not the expectations are founded) or the customer's expectations for the product change. 
Any damage to the Issuer's brands (or brands associated with the Issuer) or reputation could cause existing 
customers or intermediaries to withdraw their business from the Issuer and its subsidiaries and potential 
customers or intermediaries to be reluctant or elect not to do business with the Issuer. Furthermore, negative 
publicity could result in greater regulatory scrutiny and influence market or rating agencies' perception of the 
Issuer, which could make it more difficult for the Issuer to maintain its credit rating. Any damage to the 
Issuer's brands or reputation could cause disproportionate damage to the Issuer's business, even if the negative 
publicity is factually inaccurate or unfounded. 
Financial Reporting Risks 
Changes in accounting standards or policies could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reported 
results and shareholders' equity  
Since 2005, the Group's financial statements have been prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS—
including the International Accounting Standards (IAS) and Interpretations.—as endorsed by the EU.  
Therefore, the Group is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognised 
authoritative bodies, including the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), periodically.  
In its Annual Report 2023, Achmea disclosed new standards applied in 2023. A major change was the first 
time application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 17. 
Amendments with future application date as per 31 December 2023 
The following amendments to standards with a future application date have been published in 2023 or earlier. 
The effective date for these changes is 1 January 2024 and the changes are still subject to EU approval and

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
when applied are expected to have no impact on Total equity or Net result, and have no impact or only a 
limited impact on the presentation and notes of Achmea: 
− 
Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements: Non-current Liabilities with Covenants; 
− 
Amendments to IFRS 16 Leases: Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback; 
− 
Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7: Supplier Finance Arrangements. 
Achmea did not apply these changes early.  
 
Regulatory/Legal, Tax and Compliance Risks 
Because each of the Issuer and the Group operates in a highly regulated industry, changes in statutes, 
regulations and regulatory policies that govern activities in its various business lines could have an effect on 
its operations and its net profits 
The insurance business and other operations of the Issuer and the Group are subject to insurance and financial 
services statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that govern what products the Issuer and/or the Group 
sell and how the Issuer and the Group manage their business. Changes in existing statutes, regulations and 
regulatory policies, as well as changes in the implementation of such statutes, regulations and regulatory 
policies may affect the way the Issuer and the Group do business, their ability to sell new policies, products 
or services and their claims exposure on existing policies. In addition, changes in tax laws may affect its tax 
position and/or the attractiveness of certain of its products, some of which currently have favourable tax 
treatment. 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to supervisory or regulatory laws and regulations on the basis whereof 
they will be required to maintain minimum required levels of a solvency margin and/or a capital adequacy 
ratio. Changes in such supervisory or regulatory laws and regulations may have a material effect on the 
business, financial condition and operations of the Issuer and the Group and on payments by the Issuer under 
the Notes, including deferral or cancellation thereof. 
The European Union has adopted a full scale revision of the solvency framework and prudential regime 
applicable to insurance companies, reinsurance companies and insurance groups through Directive 
2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and 
pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance as completed by the Omnibus II Directive 
(2011/0006(COD)) (Solvency II). The framework for Solvency II is set out in the Solvency II Directive. In 
the Netherlands, the legislation implementing the Solvency II Directive came into force on 1 January 2016.  
The European negotiations regarding the status of the Solvency II review are still ongoing. On 22 September 
2021, the European Commission published as part of the Solvency II 2020 Review the proposed Level I texts 
(Directive) and insights in the upcoming Level II (Delegated Acts) regulations. Since this proposal mainly 
contains details on the Solvency II Directive, full detailed specifications of Delegated Acts are not yet clear. 
The European Council, subsequently, reached consensus on their view on the Solvency II 2020 review, setting 
out their perspective on the proposal of the European Commission. This position is broadly similar to the 
European Commission proposals. The economic committee of the European Parliament reached consensus 
in July 2023 and the final vote in the European Parliament took place in September 2023. The European 
Commission proposal formed the basis for the political process which has led to a compromise position on 
13 December 2023. Actual implementation of the changes is currently not expected before 2026. The main 
elements for the Issuer in the proposals are the change in methodology to extrapolate the relevant risk-free 
interest rate, the calculation of the Volatility Adjustment, the introduction of the enhanced prudency principle 
and the calculation of the Risk Margin. The impact of the proposals on the Issuer depends on the final 
outcomes of the European discussion and the economic circumstances. 
Furthermore, in some cases, the Dutch supervisor could implement a stricter interpretation compared to 
supervisors in other countries, possibly resulting in a (significant) adjustment of Solvency II figures. In 
addition, although the Group believes the assumptions and interpretation it uses for the Solvency II 
calculations are correct (i.e. performed according to the Solvency II Regulation), it is possible that the 
regulator may require changes in these assumptions or interpretations and such changes could be required for

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
future years or periods even if not required for the most recently completed period. For instance, the regulator 
may consider that the loss absorbing capacity of deferred taxes (also known as LAC DT) as included in the 
calculation needs to be adjusted downwards, or that the counterparty risk module does not satisfactory reflect 
all the risks of the Group’s mortgage portfolio. Furthermore, a changing methodology for the treatment of 
future expenses, determination of contract boundary for insurance contracts and future management actions 
(such as en-bloc increases of premiums) within the Solvency II calculation could have a negative effect on 
the Solvency II figures. 
Given the possibility of further changes to the regime, the effects of Solvency II on the Group’s business, 
solvency margins and capital requirements are uncertain but could be material. While the aim of Solvency II 
is to introduce a harmonised, risk-based approach to solvency capital, there is the risk that regulators introduce 
capital add-ons or strict, unexpected parameters for internal models, or that a lack of proper management 
information due to uncertainty about the regulatory changes could lead to insufficient solvency levels once 
those changes are applied. In addition, as it is currently unknown how much capital the Group must set aside 
due to such a change, there is a risk that the Group could underestimate or over-estimate its capital position, 
which in turn could result in incorrect investment and risk return decisions. If changes in the regime lead to 
insufficient solvency levels, there is a reputational risk which could limit the Group’s ability to access the 
capital markets. 
 
Should the Group not be able to adequately comply with the Solvency II requirements in relation to capital 
(including with respect to grandfathering of existing subordinated loan structures), risk management, 
documentation and reporting processes, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, solvency, 
results and financial condition.  
Risks relating to recovery and resolution frameworks for insurance companies 
As an insurance group subject to primary (group) supervision of DNB, the Group and the Issuer are subject 
to various recovery and resolution frameworks for insurance companies. At a European level initiatives have 
also been undertaken to harmonise the recovery and resolution frameworks for insurance companies within 
the EU, which may lead to further changes. The insurance recovery and resolution frameworks to which the 
Issuer and the Group are subject and related risks are as follows: 
General: If the financial position of an insurance company deteriorates, DNB may take certain measures 
against the insurance company concerned, depending on the nature of the situation. For instance, DNB may 
request an insurance company to draw up a recovery plan (herstelplan) or a short-term financing plan 
(financieel korte-termijnplan) if it does not meet the relevant solvency requirements. The recovery plan must 
contain measures which aim to recover the financial position of the insurance company concerned and the 
short-term financing plan must aim to solve the capital shortfall within three (3) months. In addition, DNB 
may limit the free disposal of the insurance company over its assets in certain severe circumstances. If a 
breach has occurred, the Group is not allowed by the Solvency II legislation to distribute any dividend or 
coupons of the recognised capital instruments.  
Dutch Intervention Act: In exceptional circumstances, the Issuer and financial firms (financiële 
ondernemingen) within the Group may become subject to expropriation measures. The Dutch Minister of 
Finance may take far-reaching measures or expropriate – among others – securities, such as the Notes, issued 
by or with the consent of a financial institution or its parent company, in each case if it has its corporate seat 
in the Netherlands, if in the Minister of Finance’s opinion the stability of the financial system is in serious 
and immediate danger as a result of the situation in which the firm finds itself.  
Insurers Recovery and Resolution Act: On 1 January 2019, the Insurers Recovery and Resolution Act (Wet 
herstel en afwikkeling verzekeraars) (the IRRA) entered into force. With the IRRA, the legislative framework 
for the recovery and resolution of insurers is strengthened and a new recovery and resolution framework was 
introduced under which certain obligations are imposed on insurers and certain resolution powers are 
conferred on DNB. The new recovery and resolution framework applies to, among others, all insurers who 
are subject to DNB’s prudential supervision. In the case of a group consisting of one or more insurers and 
one or more banks (a financial conglomerate), the recovery and resolution powers in the new framework may

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
be exercised only against the insurer(s). If an entity falls within the scope of both the resolution regime for 
banks and the corresponding regime for insurers (for example, because it is a mixed financial holding 
company), in the case of concurrent recovery and resolution measures under both regimes, the regime for 
banks will have priority because of its basis in EU law. 
The IRRA distinguishes two phases: (i) the preparation phase and (ii) the resolution phase. During the 
preparation phase, each insurer is required to draw up a preparatory crisis plan and DNB is required to draw 
up (and periodically evaluate) a resolution plan for each insurer. During the resolution phase, DNB has several 
recovery and resolution tools. The resolution tools include the bail-in tool, the sale of business tool, the bridge 
institution tool and the asset separation tool. In addition to the abovementioned resolution tools and 
corresponding powers, the IRRA gives DNB special powers to take actions such as: (i) taking over the 
management of an insurer under resolution, (ii) appointing a special director to take over the insurer’s 
management, (iii) converting the insurer into a different legal form if this is necessary to apply bail-in, and 
(iv) terminating or modifying the terms of an agreement to which the insurer is a party. 
The IRRA provides that the resolution of insurers will be funded through financial contributions by other 
insurers. This is an ex post arrangement, meaning that – unlike under the BRRD/SRM framework– it does 
not entail the establishment of a fund. DNB will set the amount of their contributions. 
Furthermore, on 22 September 2021, the European Commission published a proposed directive on the 
recovery and resolution of insurance undertakings (proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and 
of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of insurance and reinsurance 
undertakings and amending Directives 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2009/138/EC, (EU) 2017/1132 and 
Regulations (EU) No 1094/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012) (the IRRD). The Council and the European 
Parliament reached provisional agreement on the proposed IRRD on 24 January 2024, following which the 
language of the proposed IRRD will be finalised. The proposed IRRD is similar to a directive applicable to 
the recovery and resolution of banks in Europe. If adopted in its current form, it would provide for (i) a variety 
of planning and preventative measures to minimise the likelihood of insurance undertakings requiring public 
financial support and (ii) for the initiation of resolution procedures for insurance undertakings that are failing 
or likely to fail, where there is no prospect that private sector alternatives or supervisory measures can avert 
failure. The proposed IRRD provides, in case of resolution, for the application of a number of resolution 
tools, including in particular the write-down and conversion tool, which would allow resolution authorities 
to write down or convert to equity capital instruments and certain liabilities of insurance undertakings, 
generally in inverse order of their ranking in liquidation, so that the tool would apply first to equity 
instruments, then Tier 1 own funds, then Tier 2 own funds, and then to other instruments with a higher ranking 
in liquidation.  
If the provisions dedicated to write-down or conversion within the proposed IRRD are adopted in their current 
form, the write-down or conversion power could result in the full (i.e. to zero) or partial write down or 
conversion to equity (or other instruments) of outstanding debt securities of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
if the Group were to experience financial or liquidity difficulty and be failing or likely to fail. In addition, if 
the Group’s financial condition deteriorates, or is perceived to deteriorate, the existence of these powers could 
cause the market value and/or the liquidity of the relevant Subordinated Notes to decline more rapidly than 
would be the case in the absence of such powers.  
Normal insolvency proceedings will remain the alternative path for the whole or parts of a (re)insurer that 
cannot be resolved, and the proposed IRRD provides for a no creditor worse off principle, the exact extent of 
which remains to be determined. 
The application of any measures described above, and the IRRD, when adopted and implemented, would 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
Because the banking business of the Issuer is subject to significant adverse regulatory developments including 
changes in regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, the results of the Issuer can be materially affected

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
The Issuer through its banking subsidiary, Achmea Bank, conducts its businesses subject to on-going 
regulatory and associated risks, including the effects of changes in law, regulations, and policies in the 
Netherlands. The timing and form of future changes in regulation are unpredictable and beyond the control 
of the Issuer, and changes made could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s banking business. 
As a result of its banking activities, the Group is subject to detailed banking and other financial services laws 
and government regulation in the Netherlands, of which a non-exhaustive summary is set out below. The 
banking subsidiary of the Issuer is required to hold a licence for its operations and is subject to regulation and 
supervision by authorities in the Netherlands such as DNB, the AFM and in all other jurisdictions in which 
it operates. Extensive regulations are already in place and new regulations and guidelines are introduced 
relatively frequently. Regulators and supervisory authorities seem to be taking an increasingly strict approach 
to regulation and the enforcement thereof that may not be to the Group's benefit. A breach of any regulations 
by the banking subsidiary of the Issuer could lead to intervention by supervisory authorities and the banking 
subsidiary of the Issuer could come under investigation and surveillance, and be involved in judicial or 
administrative proceedings. The Group may also become subject to new regulations and guidelines that may 
require additional investments in systems and people and compliance with which may place additional 
burdens, costs or restrictions on the Group. 
Basel IV/CRD IV/EU Banking Reforms 
 
Regulatory requirements with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity, relevant for Achmea Bank, proposed 
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) are being implemented in the 
European Union through, among others, the CRD IV Directive and the CRR, as these are amended from time 
to time. Currently proposals are discussed amongst European legislators referred to as CRD V and CRR II. 
These requirements are subject to ongoing change, and are expected to become more stringent. This is 
especially due to the implementation and entry into force of the change to CRD IV included in the EU banking 
package adopted in April 2019 (the EU Banking Reforms) and the finalised Basel III reforms as published 
on 7 December 2017 (the Basel III Reforms) (informally referred to as Basel IV). The foregoing measures 
are expected to require the Issuer to attract and retain additional and/or enhanced capital and liquidity, and 
will impact Achmea Bank’s day-to-day business. Notable changes that will affect its business includes 
changes to the risk-weights for mortgages and the introduction of an SA output floor. Currently, Achmea 
Bank applies the Standardized Approach (SA) to calculate the capital requirements for its mortgage portfolio, 
but is preparing for the implementation of the Advanced Internal Rating-Based (AIRB) approach for its 
regular mortgage portfolio(s). The transition from SA to AIRB is expected to result in a lower TREA (Total 
Risk Exposure Amount) after 2022 as a result of the application of AIRB. However, from 2025 on Achmea 
Bank expects that, due to the Basel III reforms coming into force, TREA will increase and its CET1 capital 
ratio will be adversely affected to a limited extent. Furthermore and finally, the impact of these changes to 
the applicable prudential regime to Achmea Bank and as a result on the Issuer itself is yet to be fully 
determined by the Issuer. This is among others due to the fact that the EU Banking Reforms and Basel III 
Reforms are still subject (in part) to further implementation in EU or national laws. 
 
AML Directive/AML Regulation 
 
Further AML rules, as laid down in, among others, Directive 2015/849/EU (the AML Directive) and 
accompanying Regulation (EU) No 2015/847 (the AML Regulation), as these are amended from time to 
time apply to the Issuer. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer largely complies with the AML 
Directive and the AML Regulation. It has updated and amended its relevant policies, rules and procedures in 
the past and continues to do so in the future (to the extent necessary). The Issuer maintains a close and 
continuous survey on development and creation of new anti-money laundering laws. However, future 
amendments could adversely affect the Issuer’s financial position, credit rating and results of operations and 
prospects. 
 
Risks relating to banking activities related to the Dutch Intervention Act, the IRRD, BRRD and SRM 
In 2012, the Dutch government adopted banking legislation dealing with ailing banks (Special Measures 
Financial Institutions Act, Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen, the Dutch Intervention

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Act). Pursuant to the Dutch Intervention Act, substantial new powers were granted to DNB and the Dutch 
Minister of Finance enabling them to deal with, inter alia, ailing Dutch banks prior to insolvency. 
The national framework for intervention by DNB with respect to banks has been replaced by the SRM (see 
below) and the law implementing the resolution framework set out in the BRRD (see below). However, the 
powers granted to the Dutch Minister of Finance under the Dutch Intervention Act remain. The Dutch 
Intervention Act empowers the Dutch Minister of Finance to (i) commence proceedings leading to ownership 
by the Dutch State (nationalisation) of the relevant financial institution, or also its parent company and 
expropriation of assets and liabilities, claims against it and/or securities, and (ii) take immediate measures 
which may deviate from statutory provisions or from the articles of association of the relevant financial 
institution, in each case if it has its corporate seat in the Netherlands, if in the Minister of Finance’s opinion 
the stability of the financial system is in serious and immediate danger as a result of the situation in which 
the firm finds itself. 
On 12 June 2014, a directive providing for the establishment of a European-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (2014/59/EU, the BRRD) was published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union. The BRRD is currently in force and EU Member States were required 
to adopt and publish the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the BRRD 
by 31 December 2014. The measures set out in the BRRD (including the Bail-in Tool, as defined below) have 
been implemented in national law with effect from 26 November 2015. 
The BRRD sets out a common European recovery and resolution framework which is composed of three 
pillars: preparation (by requiring banks to draw up recovery plans and resolution authorities to draw up 
resolution plans), early intervention powers and resolution powers. In addition, BRRD provides preferential 
ranking on insolvency for certain deposits that are eligible for protection by deposit guarantee schemes 
(including the uninsured element of such deposits and, in certain circumstances, deposits made in non-EEA 
branches of EEA credit institutions). The stated aim of BRRD is, similar to the Dutch Intervention Act, to 
provide relevant authorities with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order 
to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
For banks established in a Member State participating in the Single Supervisory Mechanism, such as Achmea 
Bank, the BRRD is implemented by the directly binding regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the SRM). The 
SRM establishes a single European resolution board (the Resolution Board) having resolution powers over 
the institutions that are subject to the SRM, in particular institutions which are deemed significant under the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national resolution authorities 
within the euro area. Currently, DNB in its capacity of national resolution authority (the NRA) shall perform 
resolution tasks and responsibilities under the SRM with respect to Achmea Bank (as a less significant 
institution under the Single Supervisory Mechanism). However, the Resolution Board may take over the role 
of the NRA with respect to Achmea Bank in certain circumstances set out in the SRM. In such case, the 
Resolution Board has the authority to exercise the specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM which are 
similar to those of the NRA under the BRRD and SRM. The resolution tools available for the Resolution 
Board include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool and the Bail-in 
Tool as further specified in the SRM. 
The SRM and BRRD apply not only to banks, but may also apply to certain investment firms, group entities 
and (to a limited extent) branches of equivalent non-EEA banks and investment firms. In connection 
therewith, the SRM and BRRD recognise and enable the application of the recovery and resolution framework 
both on the level of an individual entity as well as on a group level. The below should be read in the 
understanding that Achmea Bank may become subject to requirements and measures under the SRM and 
BRRD not only with a view to or as a result of its individual financial situation, but also, in certain 
circumstances, with a view to or as a result of the financial situation of the group that it forms part of.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
The Resolution Board may apply interpretations of BRRD or recovery and resolution strategies that differ 
from those applied by the relevant NRA. Any change in the interpretation or strategy may affect the resolution 
plans for Achmea Bank, as prepared by the relevant NRA. 
If Achmea Bank would infringe or, due to a rapidly deteriorating financial condition, would be likely to 
infringe capital or liquidity requirements in the near future, the supervisory authorities will have the power 
to impose early intervention measures. A rapidly deteriorating financial condition could, for example, occur 
in case of a deterioration of the liquidity situation of Achmea Bank, increasing level of leverage and non-
performing loans. Intervention measures include the power to require changes to the legal or operational 
structure of the institution, changes to the institutions’ business strategy, managing board of Achmea Bank 
to convene a general meeting of shareholders, set the agenda and require certain decisions to be considered 
for adoption by the general meeting of shareholders. Furthermore, if these early intervention measures are 
not considered sufficient, DNB may replace management or install a temporary administrator. A special 
manager may also be appointed who will be granted management authority over Achmea Bank instead of the 
existing board members, in order to implement the measures decided on by DNB. 
If Achmea Bank was to reach a point of non-viability, the relevant resolution authority could take pre-
resolution measures. These measures include the write down and cancellation of shares, and the write down 
of capital instruments or conversion of capital instruments into shares. A write down or conversion into shares 
of capital instruments could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders and the market 
value of their Notes could be negatively affected. 
The BRRD and SRM provide resolution authorities with broader powers to implement resolution measures 
with respect to banks which meet the conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) the 
sale of the bank’s business to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of assets, a bail-in tool, the 
replacement or substitution of the bank as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms 
of debt instruments and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. The bail-
in tool comprises a more general power for resolution authorities to write down the claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing bank and to convert unsecured debt claims into equity. 
Subject to certain exceptions, as soon as any of these proposed proceedings have been initiated by the relevant 
resolution authority, as applicable, the relevant counterparties of such bank would not be entitled to invoke 
events of default or set-off their claims against the bank for this purpose. The application of resolution 
measures may lead to additional measures. For example, in connection with the nationalisation of SNS Reaal 
N.V. pursuant to the Dutch Intervention Act, a one-off resolution levy for all banks was proposed by the 
Dutch Minister of Finance. For the IRRD, please also refer to risk factor “Risks relating to recovery and 
resolution frameworks for insurance companies” above. 
When applying the resolution tools and exercising the resolution powers, including the preparation and 
implementation thereof, the resolution authorities are not subject to (i) requirements to obtain approval or 
consent from any person either public or private, including but not limited to the holders of shares or debt 
instruments, or from any other creditors, and (ii) procedural requirements to notify any person including any 
requirement to publish any notice or prospectus or to file or register any document with any other authority, 
that would otherwise apply by virtue of applicable law, contract, or otherwise. In particular, the resolution 
authorities can exercise their powers irrespective of any restriction on, or requirement for consent for, transfer 
of the financial instruments, rights, assets or liabilities in question that might otherwise apply. 
Insurance Distribution Directive  
On 3 July 2012, the EC published proposals for a revision of the Insurance Mediation Directive (IMD), later 
renamed the Insurance Distribution Directive (IDD). On 23 February 2016, the IDD 36 entered into force 
and as of 23 February 2018, the IDD is applicable in all EU member states. The IDD recasts and repeals the 
IMD. Pursuant to the IDD, customer protection is extended to all distribution channels. Insurers carrying out 
direct sales will be required to comply with information and disclosure requirements and certain conduct of 
business rules, including a general obligation to act honestly, fairly and professionally in accordance with 
customers’ best interests. Furthermore, if insurance products are offered in a package with another product

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
or service which is not considered to be an insurance under the IDD, customers will have the choice to buy 
the (main) product or service separately, without the insurance product. The IDD also imposes additional 
requirements for transparency and product governance in respect of insurance products on insurers. In 
addition, the IDD sets out stricter requirements for the sale of life insurance products. For example, the 
obligation to identify and disclose conflicts of interest or the requirement to gather information from 
customers in order to assess the suitability or the appropriateness of the product. Therefore, the IDD has an 
impact on the Dutch insurance distribution market. This may also affect the Group’s distribution channels 
and, directly or indirectly, the Group itself. 
Sustainability regulations The Group has become subject to increasing sustainability regulations, such as 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 from 10 March 2021 relating to disclosures (SFDR) and Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 (partially) from 1 January 2022 relating to a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation). The EU Taxonomy Regulation (partially) entered into force on 1 January 2022 and 
will also be further developed over time. These regulations will, amongst other things, require the Group to 
include information at entity and at product level with regard to certain financial products on whether or not 
it takes into account adverse sustainability impact and whether or not it promotes environmental or social 
characteristics and whether or not it meets one or more of the environmental objectives as set out in the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation. Also, the Taxonomy Regulation will require the Group to include in its non-financial 
statement in its annual reports how and to what extent the Group’s activities are associated with economic 
activities that qualify as environmentally sustainable. The sustainability regulations also include the 
amendment of existing directives and regulations such as Solvency II, IDD, MiFID II, Directive 2011/61/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 and the implementing measures by the EC 
thereunder (the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive), and the EU Benchmark Regulation. The 
sustainability regulations will therefore also have an impact on product development and advice, Know Your 
Customer (KYC), risk management, solvency requirements and the disclosure of financial products. In 
addition, further European sustainability legislation is being developed such as the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive (CSRD) and draft Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD). The 
CSRD requires the Group to disclose information on the way they operate and manage social and 
environmental challenges. The main elements of the CSDDD are identifying, bringing to an end, preventing, 
mitigating and accounting for negative human rights and environmental impacts in the company’s own 
operations, its subsidiaries and their value chains. The Council and the European Parliament provisionally 
agreed a final text of the CSDDD on 14 December 2023 which is unlikely to change substantively between 
the date of this Base Prospectus and its final adoption by the Council and the European Parliament. Under 
this provisional agreement, most of the due diligence rules under CSDDD will temporarily not apply to 
financial institutions, including banks, insurers, institutional investors and asset managers. The agreed 
compromise will however impose some obligations on financial institutions such as conducting enough 
human rights and environmental due diligence on upstream elements of their value chain. As the sustainability 
regulations are continuously being further developed, the full impact that these regulations will have on the 
Group in the future is currently unclear. As the Group will have to implement these regulations and expects 
to have to implement more sustainability-related regulations, this will give rise to additional compliance costs 
and expenses. The sustainability regulations or failure to comply with the sustainability regulations could 
have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, reputation and revenues (see also risk factor 
‘Catastrophes, including natural disasters, may result in substantial losses and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects’). 
Because the Issuer also operates in markets with less developed judiciary and dispute resolution systems, 
proceedings could have an adverse effect on its operations and net result 
In the less developed markets in which the Issuer operates, judiciary and dispute resolution systems may be 
less developed. In case of a breach of contract, the Issuer may have difficulties in making and enforcing 
claims against contractual counter parties. On the other hand, if claims are made against the Issuer, the Issuer 
might encounter difficulties in mounting a defence against such allegations. If the Issuer becomes party to 
legal proceedings in a market with an insufficiently developed judiciary system, it could have an adverse 
effect on its operations and net result. Because the Issuer is a financial services company and its group 
companies are continually developing new financial products, the Issuer might be faced with claims that 
could have an adverse effect on its operations and net result if clients’ expectations are not met. When new 
financial products are brought to the market, communication and marketing is focussed on potential

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
advantages for the customers. If the products do not generate the expected profit, or result in a loss, customers 
may file claims against the Issuer or any of its affiliates for not fulfilling its potential duty of care. Potential 
claims could have an adverse effect on its operations and net result. 
Legal proceedings 
The Issuer is and may become involved in legal proceedings, regulatory activity and measures (including 
investigations) which, if resolved negatively for the Issuer, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
operations, net results and equity position. For current proceedings reference is made to “Litigation - Unit-
linked Products” beginning on page 138, “Litigation - Conflict between the Slovak Government and Achmea” 
on page 139 and “Litigation - Acier Loan Portfolio” on page 139 of this Base Prospectus.  
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
Capitalised expressions used below have the meaning ascribed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”. 
Risks related to the market  
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Although application has been made for the Notes to be listed 
on Euronext Dublin and admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market, there is no assurance 
that such application will be accepted or that an active trading market will develop. Furthermore, the Issuer 
is entitled, under certain circumstances, to buy the Notes, which shall then be cancelled or caused to be 
cancelled, and to issue further Notes. Such transactions may favourably or adversely affect the price 
development of the Notes. If additional and competing products are introduced in the market, this may 
adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
The trading market for the Notes may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events beyond the 
Issuer's control 
 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors. The market for the Notes may be influenced by economic and market conditions (such as the 
economic impact of the novel coronavirus), political events in the Netherlands or elsewhere and, to varying 
degrees, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates in other European and other industrialised 
countries. There can be no assurance that events in the Netherlands, Europe or elsewhere will not cause 
market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of the Notes or that economic and 
market conditions will not have any other adverse effect. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell 
the Notes may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by 
such Noteholder. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(b) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's 
Currency -equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investments in Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates after the issue 
date and, in the case of Reset Notes only, after the First Reset Note Reset Date or each Reset Note Reset Date 
(as applicable), subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Notes, this will adversely affect the 
value of Fixed Rate Notes and, as the case may be, Reset Notes, as an equivalent investment issued at the 
current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
The regulation and reform of ‘benchmarks’ may affect the value or payment of interest or principal under 
the Notes linked to such ‘benchmarks’ 
Various interest rate benchmarks (including EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be ‘benchmarks’) are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, such as the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, whilst others are still to be implemented. Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, new 
requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. In 
particular, the EU Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Following the implementation of any such (potential) reforms and other pressures (including from regulatory 
authorities), the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that such benchmarks 
may perform differently than in the past, one or more benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  
Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark, the availability of quotes from reference banks to allow 
for the continuation of rates on any Notes, and the rate that would be applicable if the Reference Rate is 
materially amended or is discontinued, may adversely affect the trading market and the value of the Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to the Reference Rate or any other 
relevant benchmark, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of 
such changes could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and amounts payable under, the Notes based on or linked 
to a ‘benchmark’.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect the value of Notes which 
reference EURIBOR or such other benchmark  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. Such factors may have the 
following currently known effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes 
as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in 
whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued, or any other 
Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)) has occurred or is otherwise unavailable, has occurred 
the rate of interest on Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for the 
relevant period by the discontinuation provisions set out in Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 
5(c)(iv) applicable to such Notes. If the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (in consultation with each other), 
determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to the Notes, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior 
to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 
5(c)(iv)) which may determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer 
(and in consultation with the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer), a substitute 
or successor rate, as well as any necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of business 
day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement 
Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)), including any Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 
5(c)(iv)) or other adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the 
relevant EURIBOR Rate or Reference Rate. However, there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread 
or other adjustment factor will be determined or applied, or that the application of any such factor will produce 
the same yield for the Noteholders. 
It is possible that the Issuer may itself act as Rate Determination Agent and determine a Replacement 
Reference Rate. In such case, the Issuer will make such determinations and adjustments as it deems 
appropriate, and acting in good faith, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In making 
such determinations and adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be 
subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion. There is no guarantee that any Replacement 
Reference Rate will produce the same yield as the rate that was discontinued and the price of the affected 
Notes may affect this.  
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply 
to the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtain consent of any Noteholders. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Condition 5(c)(iv) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of 
the Replacement Reference Rate.  
If the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or the Rate Determination Agent is unable to 
or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under Condition 5(c)(iv) with respect to a 
particular Interest Determination Date, this could result under Conditions 5(c)(ii) or (iii) in the effective 
application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note based on the rate which applied before 
the Benchmark Event occurred. However, in such case, the Issuer will re-apply the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(iv), mutatis mutandis, for each subsequent Interest Determination Date on one or more occasions until a 
Replacement Reference Rate has been determined, unless the Issuer is of the reasonable view (acting in good 
faith) that re-application is not (yet) appropriate.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor, alternative and substitute reference 
rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)), the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. The differences between the 
Replacement Reference Rate and the Reference Rate could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes. In addition, the Replacement Reference Rate may perform differently from the 
discontinued benchmark. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting 
or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Notes. Furthermore, the terms and conditions of the Notes may be amended by the Issuer, as necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of the Replacement Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders. 
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This is the case if it is considered to be in control over 
the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the 
Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or 
otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a discontinuation scenario. This 
would mean that the Rate Determination Agent (i) administers the arrangements for determining such rate, 
(ii) collects, analyses, or processes input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determines 
such rate through the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. 
Furthermore, for the Rate Determination Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the 
determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto 
by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context 
of a discontinuation scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the Replacement 
Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and 
any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the 
applicable rate of interest in the context of a discontinuation scenario, is published or made available to the 
public and regularly determined by application of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the 
basis of certain values or surveys.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation, and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, stipulates that each 
administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be licensed, registered, 
authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. ICE and the EMMI are registered as administrators of a 
benchmark in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Rate Determination Agent in the 
circumstances as described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, 
recognition or endorsement, preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise 
choose to discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. In such case, this may affect the possibility for 
the Rate Determination Agent to apply the discontinuation provision of Condition 5(c)(iv) meaning that the 
applicable benchmark will remain unchanged (but subject to the other provisions of Condition 5). Other 
administrators may cease to administer certain benchmarks because of the additional costs of compliance 
with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable such as relating to governance and conflict of interest, control framework, record keeping and 
complaints handling. 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes  
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the credit 
rating of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in any country, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or to an issue of Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  
A rating assigned to any Notes by a rating agency may provide an indication of the probability of default and 
the recovery given a default of the debt instrument or of the expected loss posed to investors. Other non-
credit risks may not have been addressed in awarding such rating, but may have significant effect on yield to 
investors. 
Any expected ratings of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms for each Series. Any rating agency 
may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgement of the rating agency, the credit quality of 
the Notes has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the 
market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
Any of the factors indicated above could adversely impact the trading price of the Notes. The price at which 
a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, 
from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist in relation to parties to an issue of Notes 
The Arranger and its respective affiliates have engaged, and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its 
affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may (a) engage in 
investment banking, trading or hedging activities including in activities that may include prime brokerage 
business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (b) act as underwriters in connection 
with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (c) act as financial advisers to 
the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, the Arranger has or may hold 
shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, it has or will receive customary 
fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, pursuant to the applicable fallback provisions contained in Condition 5(c)(iv), the Rate 
Determination Agent will have the discretion to determine whether a successor interest rate for any interest 
rate benchmark is available which will determine the way in which the interest rate is set, which may lead to 
a conflict of interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the compensation of the Rate Determination Agent), 
the Rate Determination Agent and Noteholders including with respect to certain determinations and 
judgments that the Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iv) that may influence 
the amount receivable under the Notes. The Rate Determination Agent and the Issuer might have conflicts of 
interests that could have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders as the Rate Determination Agent 
has discretionary power in deciding the applicability of a benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a 
benchmark. Potential investors should be aware that the Issuer may be involved in general business 
relationship or/and in specific transactions with the Rate Determination Agent as the latter party will be an 
independent financial institution or other independent financial advisor experienced in the international 
capital markets who may hold from time to time debt securities, shares or/and other financial instruments of 
the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer and the Rate Determination Agent might have conflicts of interests that 
could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders in respect of the determination of the interest 
rate as a result of a benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a benchmark. 
As a result, any change to the setting or existence any relevant interest rate benchmark may impact the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes which in turn could have a significant effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting, or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their 
consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may amend the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, where such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or which, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders, without the consent of the Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Principal Paying Agent may, without the consent 
of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification (not being a modification requiring the approval of a meeting 
of Noteholders) of any of the provisions of Notes which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or (iii) the substitution of another 
company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Any such modification, waiver or substitution may 
be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the 
requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder.  
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch law or 
administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law, including Dutch tax law, in effect at the date 
of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to the laws of the Netherlands, the official application, interpretation or the administrative practices 
after the date of issue of the Notes. Such changes in laws may include amendments to a variety of tools which 
may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any 
disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. The laws of the 
Netherlands may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective 
investors in its application to the Notes and the application of the laws of the Netherlands may therefore lead 
to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes than the investor may 
expect if the equivalent law of their home jurisdiction were applied. This may lead to the Notes not having 
certain characteristics as the investor may have expected and may impact the return on the Notes. 
Some of the defined terms in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes depend on the final interpretation and 
implementation of Solvency II. Further, the relevant supervisory authority may interpret the relevant 
applicable regulations, or exercise discretion accorded to the regulator under the relevant applicable 
regulations in a different manner than expected. The manner in which many of the concepts and requirements 
under Solvency II will be applied to the Group over time remains uncertain. 
Future regulatory proposals may also impose further restrictions on the Issuer's ability to make payments on 
the Notes. These issues and other possible issues of interpretation make it difficult to determine whether 
scheduled interest payments will be made on the Notes. This uncertainty and the resulting complexity may 
adversely impact the trading price and the liquidity of the Notes.  
Risks relating to the structure of the Notes  
 
The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem perpetual securities 
The Notes may be dated or undated Notes. Undated instruments are perpetual securities in respect of which 
there is no fixed redemption date and the Issuer shall only have the right to repay them under certain 
conditions. Subject to Condition 7, the Issuer is under no obligation to redeem undated Notes at any time.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
The holders of such Notes have no right to call for their redemption and may only declare Notes repayable in 
the case of an Event of Default. Therefore, prospective investors should be aware that they may be required 
to bear the financial risks of an investment in undated Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Notes subject to optional redemption or substitution and variation by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes for various reasons, when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
In the case of any substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes, whilst the substituted or modified Notes 
must have terms which are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the original Notes 
then prevailing, there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each holder, such 
substituted or modified Notes will be as favourable to each holder in all respects. 
Rate of Interest reset for the Reset Notes 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, on the First Reset Note Reset Date and each Reset Note Reset Date 
thereafter, the rate of interest on the Reset Notes will be reset by reference to the then prevailing Mid-Market 
Swap Rate, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, as more 
particularly described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 5. - Interest and other Calculations”. The reset 
of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may affect the secondary market and the market 
value of such Reset Notes and, following any such reset of the rate of interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant Reset Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of 
Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or the previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, thereby 
reducing the amount of interest payable to Noteholders. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued  
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of € 100,000 (or higher 
or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, 
it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of € 100,000 or its equivalent that are not 
integral multiples of € 100,000 (or its equivalent) (for the purpose of this paragraph, the Stub Amount). In 
such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a Stub Amount may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its aggregate holding amounts to € 100,000 (or its equivalent) in order to 
receive such a definitive Note. As long as the Stub Amount is held in the relevant clearing system, the 
Noteholder will be unable to transfer this Stub Amount. 
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of € 100,000 (or its equivalent) may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will meet investor expectations or are suitable for an investor’s 
investment criteria  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention 
to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes to Eligible Green Projects (as defined 
in the “Use of Proceeds” section) under the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework (as defined in the “Use of 
Proceeds” section). Prospective investors should have regard to the Green Finance Framework available at 
https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/investors/1-220215-achmea-green-finance-
framework-vf.pdf and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer that the use of such proceeds for 
any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Eligible Green Projects. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given that the Eligible Green Projects will meet investor expectations 
or requirements regarding "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so-called EU 
Taxonomy) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
In connection with an issuance of Green Bonds, the Issuer has appointed ISS ESG (ISS ESG) to provide a 
second party opinion (the SPO) in relation to Issuer’s Green Finance Framework. The SPO aims to provide 
transparency to investors that seek to understand and act upon potential exposure to climate risks and impacts 
of the Notes issued under the Green Finance Framework. The SPO is only an opinion and not a statement of

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
fact. No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
the SPO which may be made available in connection with the issue of the relevant Green Bonds and in 
particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. The SPO is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold the Notes. The SPO is only current as at the date that opinion is issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of the SPO and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of the SPO for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should be aware 
that the SPO will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the applicable 
Final Terms which will complement this Base Prospectus. On 30 November 2023, Regulation (EU) 
2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the European Green Bond Regulation) was published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union. The European Green Bond Regulation came into force on 20 
December 2023 and most provisions will apply from 21 December 2024. It will establish an EU voluntary 
high-quality standard for green bonds called the European Green Bond Standard. Currently, the provider 
of such opinions are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Pursuant to the 
European Green Bond Standard, providers of such opinions would be required to be registered and supervised 
by ESMA in the future. Furthermore, the Noteholders will have no recourse against the provider of the SPO. 
A negative change to, or a withdrawal of, the SPO of the Green Finance Framework or the failure of ISS ESG 
to obtain a registration with ESMA or to comply with any requirements imposed on it by the European Green 
Bond Standard may affect the value of the Green Bonds and may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in the Eligible Green Projects.  
The Issuer expects that its Green Finance Framework will substantially adhere to the Green Bond Principles 
as published by the International Capital Markets Association (which serves as the secretariat to the Green 
Bond Principles) from time to time (the Green Bond Principles) and/or the Green Loan Principles as 
published by the Loan Markets Association and the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association from time to time 
(the Green Loan Principles). While the Green Bond Principles and the Green Loan Principles do provide a 
high level framework, still there is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for 
a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable", and therefore no assurance can be provided to 
potential investors that the green or sustainable projects to be specified in the applicable Final Terms will 
meet all investors' expectations regarding sustainability performance or continue to meet the relevant 
eligibility criteria, including any future requirements or criteria laid down in the “European Green Bond 
Standard”. Although applicable green projects are expected to be selected in accordance with the categories 
recognised by the Green Bond Principles and the Green Loan Principles, and are expected to be developed in 
accordance with applicable legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse environmental 
and/or social impacts will not occur during the design, construction, commissioning and/or operation of any 
such green or sustainable projects. Where any negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, green or 
sustainable projects may become controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or other 
stakeholders. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply (including pursuant to the 
European Green Bond Standard), whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant intended project(s) 
or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance 
that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. The 
maturity of an Eligible Green Project may not match the minimum duration of any Green Bonds. There is no 
connection between the use of proceeds of the Notes and the operation of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, and accordingly the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will operate wholly irrespective of the actual 
use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) by the Issuer. Therefore, any such event or failure by the Issuer in 
respect of the use of proceeds as described above will not (i) give rise to any other claim or right (including 
the right to accelerate the Green Bonds) of a Noteholder of Green Bonds to the Issuer, (ii) constitute an Event 
of Default under the Notes, (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a 
relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in 
respect of any Green Bonds, (iv) affect the qualification of such Green Bonds which are also Subordinated 
Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes or Tier 3 Notes (as applicable), (v) trigger any deferral of interest 
or principal in the case of Green Bonds which are also Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 
Notes or Tier 3 Notes (as applicable), (vi) otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Group to apply the 
proceeds of the Notes to cover losses in any part of the Group in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and the prudential and solvency rules applicable to the Issuer and the Group in the case of Green 
Bonds which are also Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes or Tier 3 Notes (as applicable) 
or (vii) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of 
the Notes or otherwise affect the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Any such event of failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds as aforesaid and/or withdrawal 
of the SPO attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which the SPO 
is providing an opinion or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to be allocated to 
Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant Eligible Green Projects nor have any preferred right against such Eligible Green 
Projects.  
None of the Dealers nor the Arranger will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Risks relating to the Dutch Intervention Act, the IRRA, the draft IRRD and any future legislation which may 
result in the expropriation, bail-in, write-off, write-down or conversion of the Notes 
Pursuant to the Dutch Intervention Act and the IRRA, as well as the draft IRRD, DNB, the Dutch Minister 
of Finance or any other resolution authority, has the power of write-down or conversion which could result 
in the full (i.e. to zero) or partial write down or conversion to equity (or other instruments) of a failing 
institution. The exercise of such powers may have a material adverse effect on the performance of a failing 
institution, which may include the Issuer and other members of the Group, of its payment and other 
obligations under debt securities, such as the Notes, or result in the expropriation, bail-in, write-off, write-
down or conversion of securities, such as shares and debt obligations, including the Notes, issued by the 
failing institution or its parent, which may include the Issuer or another member of the Group. In addition, if 
the Group’s financial condition deteriorates, or is perceived to deteriorate, the existence of these powers could 
cause the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
absence of such powers. 
For more details on some of the recovery and resolution frameworks applicable to the Group, see risk factors 
“Risks relating to recovery and resolution frameworks for insurance companies” and ”Risks relating to 
banking activities related to the Dutch Intervention Act, the IRRD, BRRD and SRM” above. 
Risk Factors in relation to the Subordinated Notes  
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes are subordinated  
The Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves. In the event of the winding-up and dissolution (ontbinding en vereffening), 
bankruptcy (faillissement) or suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) of the Issuer, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes shall rank in right of payment, in each case in 
accordance with and subject to mandatory applicable law, after unsubordinated unsecured creditors of the 
Issuer, and any payment to a holder of a Subordinated Note shall be excluded until all obligations of the 
Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied, but at least pari passu with all 
other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the 
Subordinated Notes and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. No Noteholder and 
Couponholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed 
to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and related Coupons. 
Under conditions, interest payments under the Subordinated Notes must be deferred and in other instances 
interest payments under the Subordinated Notes may be deferred at the option of the Issuer 
Mandatory deferral 
Payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes will be mandatorily deferred on each Interest Payment Date 
in respect of which a Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing. A Mandatory Deferral Event 
occurs if (a) the Solvency Condition is not met or (b) a Capital Adequacy Event has occurred and continues 
to exist and a deferral of interest and/or a suspension of payment of principal, as applicable, is required under 
the Capital Adequacy Regulations for the Subordinated Notes to qualify for the purposes of determination of 
the solvency margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable margins or ratios of the Issuer, or, where this is 
subdivided in tiers, as tier 2 basic own funds (howsoever described at the time), on a consolidated basis, 
subject to certain exceptions as further described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 6. Deferral of 
Payments - Subordinated Notes - (b) Mandatory Deferral of Interest Payments”. 
Optional deferral 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may on any Optional Interest Payment Date defer payment of 
interest on the Subordinated Notes which would otherwise be payable on such date, until the Subordinated 
Notes are redeemed, subject to Condition 6(b). An Optional Interest Payment Date means any Interest 
Payment Date other than a Compulsory Interest Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, as 
further described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 6. Deferral of Payments - Subordinated Notes - (a) 
Optional Deferral of Interest Payments”.  
General 
Deferral of any payment of interest on an Optional Interest Deferral Date or Mandatory Interest Deferral Date 
will not constitute a default by the Issuer and will not give the Noteholders any right to accelerate the 
Subordinated Notes. Any deferral of interest payments (or perceived risk thereof) could have an adverse 
effect on the market price of the relevant Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest deferral provision of 
the relevant Notes if that applies, the market price of the relevant Notes may be more volatile than the market 
prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or interest accrues that are not subject to such 
deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's financial condition.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Payments made under some more junior or equally ranking notes will not result in an obligation for the 
Issuer to make payments on the Subordinated Notes 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may defer any payment of interest on any Optional Interest 
Payment Date. An Optional Interest Payment Date means, in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes only, 
any Interest Payment Date where no dividend or other distribution has been irrevocably declared, paid or 
made on any class of the Issuer's share capital during the immediately preceding six months prior to such 
Interest Payment Date. Therefore, payments on any notes ranking pari passu with the relevant Subordinated 
Notes or junior to the relevant Subordinated Notes will not result in an obligation for the Issuer to pay interest 
or Arrears of Interest on the relevant Subordinated Notes, save for certain payments or declarations in respect 
of any class of the Issuer's share capital. 
Potential investors in the relevant Subordinated Notes should therefore realise that holders of notes ranking 
junior to or pari passu with the relevant Subordinated Notes may receive payments from the relevant Issuer 
in priority to the relevant Subordinated Noteholders, even though their claims rank junior to or pari passu 
with those of relevant Subordinated Noteholders. However, in the event of the winding-up and dissolution 
(ontbinding en vereffening), bankruptcy (faillissement) or suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) 
of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
relating to them shall rank as described above under “Additional Risks Factors in relation to the Subordinated 
Notes - Status”. 
Redemption, substitution, variation and purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to conditions 
So long as the Issuer is subject to Capital Adequacy Regulations, any redemption or purchase of Subordinated 
Notes may only be made provided that no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing at the 
time of such redemption or purchase and such redemption and/or purchase would not itself cause a Mandatory 
Deferral Event, if the Regulator so applies the Capital Adequacy Regulations, any redemption or purchase of 
Subordinated Notes may only be made provided no Insolvent Insurer Liquidation has occurred and is 
continuing on the relevant redemption or purchase date and no Insolvent Insurer Liquidation has occurred 
and is continuing on the relevant redemption date and any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of 
the Subordinated Notes is subject to (A) the prior consent of the Regulator if required under the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations and (B) compliance with the Capital Adequacy Regulations. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - 7. Redemption, Substitution, Variation, Purchase and Options - (b) Conditions to 
Redemption, Substitution, Variation or Purchase”.  
If such conditions are not met the Issuer is under no obligation to redeem the Subordinated Notes and 
therefore prospective investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in for a longer period of time than the stated maturity of the Subordinated Notes.  
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as Subordinated Notes may change, 
which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event  
In June 2018, the International Accounting Standards Board (the IASB) published the discussion paper 
DP/2018/1 on "Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity" (the DP/2018/1 Paper). The IASB 
Board decided to move the project to its standard-setting programme at the December 2020 Board meeting. 
At the April 2021 meeting of the IASB it was agreed to continue discussions on potential refinements to the 
disclosure proposal explored in the DP/2018/1. At the March 2022 meeting of the IASB the reclassification 
of financial instruments issued by an entity as financial liabilities or equity instruments was discussed.  The 
IASB was not asked to make any decisions and has considered proposals for potential reclassification 
principles. On 29 November 2023, the IASB published the exposure draft "Financial Instruments with 
Characteristics of Equity (Proposed amendments to IAS 32, IFRS 7 and IAS 1)". The exposure draft can be 
commented on until 29 March 2024. The IASB will decide on the effective date for the proposed amendments 
after finalisation of the draft. If the amendments set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper are implemented in their 
current form, the current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated 
Notes as equity instruments or as financial liabilities, as the case may be, may change and this may result in 
the occurrence of an Accounting Event. In such an event, the Issuer may have the option to redeem, in whole

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
but not in part, such Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The 
implementation of any of the amendments set out in the exposure draft or any other similar such amendments 
that may be made in the future, including the extent and timing of any such implementation, if at all, is still 
uncertain.  
Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the future classification of any Subordinated Notes from an 
accounting perspective or whether any such change may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event, 
thereby providing the Issuer with the option to redeem such Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Solvency II Directive - Risk of adverse impact on Issuer's regulatory solvency condition 
The Subordinated Notes are expected to qualify as additional solvency margin for capital adequacy regulatory 
purposes pursuant to the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. The Solvency II Directive provides for a capital 
adequacy regime for insurance companies as further described above in “Because each of the Issuer and the 
Group operates in a highly regulated industry, changes in statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that 
govern activities in its various business lines could have an effect on its operations and its net profits”. The 
Solvency II Directive has been implemented in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act and applies to insurance 
companies from 1 January 2016.  
On 10 October 2014, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
(the Solvency II Delegated Regulation) containing implementing rules for Solvency II. The Solvency II 
Delegated Regulation entered into force in Member States on 17 January 2015, and is amended from time to 
time. Furthermore, the Solvency II framework consists of a substantial number of implementing technical 
standards. Also these may change from time to time and new standards may be introduced. 
Furthermore, the capital adequacy requirements for the Group may be subject to further changes. See also 
"Because each of the Issuer and the Group operates in a highly regulated industry, changes in statutes, 
regulations and regulatory policies that govern activities in its various business lines could have an effect on 
its operations and its net profits". Any changes in capital adequacy requirements could result in a higher 
overall valuation of liabilities or capital requirements, or a lower overall recognition of own funds than is 
currently the case or may currently be foreseen. This could result in the occurrence of a Capital Adequacy 
Event following which a Mandatory Deferral Event would occur and then no principal, premium, interest or 
any other amount would be due and payable in respect of or arising from the Subordinated Notes. 
An investor in the Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the Issuer’s insolvency 
There is a risk that if the draft IRRD is adopted in its current form, from the date on which the act 
implementing Article 37 of the draft IRRD becomes effective in the Netherlands (the Amending Act), 
instruments which are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the Notes and which fully disqualify 
as own funds, may in the Issuer’s bankruptcy rank senior to the Notes. See also Condition 3, which provides 
that the ranking of the Subordinated Notes is subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law, which would include the Amending Act. 
Accordingly, a Subordinated Noteholder may recover less than the holders of other unsubordinated or 
subordinated liabilities (the latter not qualifying as own funds) of the Issuer in a winding-up and dissolution 
(ontbinding en vereffening), bankruptcy (faillissement) or suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) 
of the Issuer as after payment of the claims of senior creditors there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy 
(all of) the amounts owing to the Subordinated Noteholders. Please also refer to risk factor “Risks relating to 
recovery and resolution frameworks for insurance companies”, “Risks relating to banking activities related 
to the Dutch Intervention Act, the IRRD, BRRD and SRM" and “Risks relating to the Dutch Intervention Act, 
the IRRA, the draft IRRD and any future legislation which may result in the expropriation, bail-in, write-off, 
write-down or conversion of the Notes” above.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Issuer and its subsidiaries (the Group) and 
the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects 
of the Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those 
Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State and (in either case) 
published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State and such offer is made in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable. Except to 
the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. In particular, none of the Dealers accepts any responsibility 
for any third party social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds 
or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether the Green Bonds will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the 
Dealers nor the Arranger is responsible for the monitoring of the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as 
Green Bonds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green 
Bonds and any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes. In the event any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime 
of the Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
In the case of any Notes which, with respect to the EEA, are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
or a specific segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors have access within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be € 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). Furthermore, with respect to the United 
Kingdom, in the case of any Notes which are offered to the public pursuant to an exemption under section 86 
of the FSMA, the minimum specified denomination shall be € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The Group’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’) risks, and the related management 
arrangements established to mitigate those risks, has been measured by several agencies through 
environmental, social and governance ratings (ESG ratings). 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings 
may differ. The Group’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or 
financial performance, or any future ability to service any Notes and are only current as of the dates on which 
they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or 
other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information 
regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings 
agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus). 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled ‘Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors’, the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled ‘MiFID II Product Governance’ which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offer Rate (EURIBOR), which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) or any other 
benchmark, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 Register of administrators and benchmarks of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of UK Benchmarks Regulation.  
If any such reference rate (other than EURIBOR), does constitute such a benchmark under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, the relevant Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
as applicable. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable may have the result that an administrator 
and/or a benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of 
the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator or benchmark under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Note. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or 
a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger 
and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise 
(save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Overview of the Programme - Method of Issue”), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer (and not on 
its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and trading on its regulated market (the Main Securities Market). 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. has been engaged by the Issuer as Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, 
Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent for the Notes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below), for the purpose of paying sums due on the Notes and of performing 
all other obligations and duties imposed on it by the Conditions and the Agency Agreement. ABN AMRO 
Bank N.V. in such capacity is acting for the Issuer only and will not regard any other person as its client in 
relation to the offering of the Notes. Neither ABN AMRO Bank N.V. nor any of its directors, officers, agents 
or employees makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, as to 
the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the information or opinions described or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus, in any investor report or for any other statements made or purported to be made either 
by itself or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the offering of the Notes. Accordingly, ABN AMRO 
Bank N.V. disclaims all and any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise, in respect of this 
Base Prospectus and or any such other statements. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “euro”, “EUR” and “E” refer to the lawful currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing 
the European Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union, those to “U.S. dollars”, “dollar”,

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
“U.S.$”, “$” and “USD” refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America and those to “Sterling”, 
“£” and “GBP” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
Switzerland: The Notes being offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus do not represent units in collective 
investment schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 
(the LISA). Accordingly, they have not been registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority (the FINMA) as foreign collective investment schemes, and, are not subject to the supervision of 
the FINMA. Investors cannot invoke the protection conferred under the LISA. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective 
investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) 
issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series, as well as to such Global Note(s) except 
as set out in “Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. Either (i) the full text of 
these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these 
terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A 
of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the 
case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date, the Agency Agreement) dated 21 October 2022 between Achmea B.V. (the Issuer), 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, 
the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
Registrar, the “Transfer Agents” and the Calculation Agent(s). The Noteholders (as defined below), the 
holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where 
applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the Talons) (the Couponholders) are 
deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or in registered form (Registered Notes) in each case in 
the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors 
(as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access within the EEA or offered to the public in (i) a Member 
State of the EEA or (ii) the UK in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be, the minimum 
Specified Denomination shall be € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
the relevant Notes). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown 
hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (Certificates) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes 
shall pass by notification of the transfer to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, acting on the Issuer's behalf, 
which will be registered in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the Register). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means 
the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered 
(as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender 
(at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, 
(or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations 
and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and 
any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. Such notification to 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, shall be deemed to constitute 
notice (mededeling) of the transfer to the Issuer. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in 
respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding 
not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will 
be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar and the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the 
Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an 
exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder 
to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the 
case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having 
different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that 
have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a 
person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged 
holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or (c) 
shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or Exercise 
Notice (as defined in Condition 7(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the 
new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as 
the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as 
aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed 
by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be 
so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance 
as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that 
may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period 
of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option 
pursuant to Condition 7(d), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Senior Notes: The Senior Notes (being those Notes that specify their status as Senior) and 
the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank 
at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of the Issuer, present and future. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves.  
In the event of the winding-up and dissolution (ontbinding en vereffening), bankruptcy (faillissement) 
or suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall rank in right of payment, 
in each case in accordance with and subject to mandatory applicable law, after unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer, and in such event payment to a holder of a Subordinated Note shall 
be excluded until all obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have 
been satisfied, but at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes and in priority to 
the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. 
No Noteholder and Couponholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated 
Notes and related Coupons. 
 
4 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Restriction: So long as any of the Senior Notes or Coupons relating thereto remain outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(i) 
the Issuer shall not (and shall procure that no other member of the Group will) create or permit 
to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest 
(Security) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future 
to secure any Relevant Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt; 
(ii) 
the Issuer shall procure that no other person creates or permits to subsist any Security upon the 
whole or any part of the undertaking, assets or revenues present or future of that other person 
to secure (x) any of the Issuer's Relevant Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of 
any of the Issuer's Relevant Debt or (y) where the person in question is a Subsidiary of the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Issuer, any of the Relevant Debt of any person other than that Subsidiary, or any guarantee of 
or indemnity in respect of any such Relevant Debt; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer shall procure that no other person gives any guarantee of, or indemnity in respect of, 
any of its Relevant Debt, 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Notes and Coupons 
(A) are secured equally and rateably therewith or benefit from a guarantee or indemnity in 
substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, or (B) have the benefit of such other 
security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as shall be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Senior Noteholders. 
(b) 
Relevant Debt: For the purposes of this Condition, “Relevant Debt” means any present or future 
loan or other indebtedness (whether or not in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stock or other securities) having a maturity (whether original or after extension) of more than 
two years. 
(c) 
Exception: The foregoing shall not apply to (a) security created over any shares in, any assets of, or 
any securities owned by any Subsidiaries which are not licenced to do insurance business (including 
for the avoidance of doubt, security created by Achmea Bank under its Soft Bullet Covered Bond 
Programme, the securitisations SRMP I and SRMP II and any similar future financing transactions 
by any Subsidiaries which are not licenced to do insurance business), (b) repo-transactions, (c) 
security created in the normal course of the relevant business carried on in a manner consistent with 
generally accepted practice for such business, (d) security or preference arising by operation of any 
law, (e) security over real property to secure borrowings to finance the purchase or improvement of 
such real property, (f) security over assets existing at the time of acquisition thereof, and (g) security 
not otherwise permitted by the foregoing clauses securing borrowed moneys in an aggregate principal 
amount (when aggregated with the principal amount of any other indebtedness which has the benefit 
of security given by any member of the Group other than any permitted under paragraphs (a) to (f) 
above) not to exceed 20 per cent. of the aggregate of the Group's shareholders' equity and capital 
securities at the relevant time. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Subsidiary” means any corporation, partnership or other business 
entity of which more than 50 per cent. of the shares or other equity interests (as the case may be) 
carrying the right to vote are, directly or indirectly, owned by the Issuer; “Material Subsidiary” 
means Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Pensioen- en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Bank N.V., Zilveren Kruis Zorgverzekeringen N.V., and any 
other Subsidiary which has net earned premiums, operating income from banking activity and other 
income (as specified in the latest relevant audited financial statements) in aggregate representing 10 
per cent. or more of the consolidated aggregate net earned premiums, operating income from banking 
activity and other income (as specified in the latest relevant audited financial statements) of the 
Group; and “Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes (as defined below), to 
Condition 6, each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(g). 
(b) 
Subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes (as defined below), to Condition 6, each Reset Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Issue Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Note Reset Date at the 
Initial Rate of Interest;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Note Reset Date until (but excluding) the first Anniversary 
Date at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(g). 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes (as defined below), to 
Condition 6, each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the 
provisions below relating to Screen Rate Determination. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
 
the offered quotation; or 
 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (A)(x)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (A)(x)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject 
as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(iv) 
Replacement Reference Rate  
(A) 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5(c), if the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer (in consultation with each other), determines at any time that a Benchmark 
Event (as defined below) has occurred in relation to certain Notes, the Issuer will, as soon 
as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next Interest Determination Date), 
appoint a Rate Determination Agent, which will in respect of such Notes determine, acting 
in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with the Independent 
Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer), whether a substitute, alternative 
or successor rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest in respect of each 
Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate (x) has been recommended or selected by the 
monetary authority or similar authority (or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of 
the applicable currency, or a widely recognised industry association or body, (y) has 
developed or is expected to develop as an industry accepted rate for debt market 
instruments such as or comparable to the relevant Notes or (z) is otherwise available and 
deemed appropriate for the relevant Notes. 
(B) 
If the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer, the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event prior to determining a Replacement Reference Rate (as 
defined below) in accordance with this Condition 5(c), appoint an Independent Adviser 
in respect of such Replacement Reference Rate. 
(C) 
If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute, alternative or successor rate 
is available (such rate as determined by the Rate Determination Agent, the Replacement 
Reference Rate), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest on each Interest 
Determination Date falling at least five business days after such determination, (A) the 
Rate Determination Agent will in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer) determine any 
necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the 
interest determination date, the day count fraction, the relevant screen page and any 
method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, including any Adjustment 
Spread (as defined below) or other adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the Reference Rate (in each case in a manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate); (B) 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions applicable to the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above 
(including the Adjustment Spread); (C) the Rate Determination Agent will notify the 
Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give 
notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
15) and the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent (if not the same party) 
specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) above 
and the effective date thereof. The Issuer may, without consent of any or all Noteholders, 
make any amendments to these Conditions in relation to the Relevant Notes that are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of the foregoing.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
There is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor will be 
determined or applied, or that the application of such factor will either reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt if a Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Rate 
Determination Agent in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv), this Replacement 
Reference Rate will be applied to all relevant future payments on the relevant Notes, 
subject to this Condition 5(c)(iv). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c) may be 
(re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference 
Rate. 
(D) 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to 
above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error, bad faith 
or fraud) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if not the same party), the Noteholders and no liability to any such person will 
attach to the Rate Determination Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. If the Rate Determination 
Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate, then 
the Reference Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or Screen Rate will remain 
in effect (but subject to the other provisions of Condition 5(c)) in respect of the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest Determination Dates will remain 
subject to the operation of the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iv). In such circumstances, 
the Issuer will, at any time thereafter, re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iv), 
mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv) (and, until such 
determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in 
these Terms and Conditions will continue to apply), unless the Issuer is of the reasonable 
view (acting in good faith) that re-application is not (yet) appropriate.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement 
Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iv) and no consent 
or approval of any Noteholder shall be required. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(iv), no Replacement Reference Rate 
will be adopted and no other amendment to the terms of the Subordinated Notes will be made, 
if and to the extent that in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility as tier 2 basic own funds 
(howsoever described at the time).  
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iv) is subject to the prior 
written permission of the Regulator (provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is 
required to be given). 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination 
Agent, and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Replacement 
Reference Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate by any competent authority; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made);

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines, following consultation with the Issuer and 
acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
debt market instruments such as or comparable to the Notes or for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Replacement Reference Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no such industry accepted standard is recognised or acknowledged); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent, in its discretion and acting in good faith, determines to 
be appropriate.  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be representative or an industry accepted rate for debt 
market instruments (as determined by the Rate Determination Agent or if not yet 
appointed, the Issuer, and acting in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner) 
such as, or comparable to, the Notes; or 
(ii) 
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful or otherwise 
prohibited (including, without limitation, for the Calculation Agent) pursuant to any law, 
regulation or instruction from a competent authority, to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Reference Rate or otherwise 
make use of the Reference Rate with respect to the Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate will be changed materially, ceasing to be published for a period of 
at least five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate or 
its supervisor announcing that the Reference Rate will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be materially changed, no longer be representative, cease to be 
published, be discontinued or be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences that contributors are no longer required by that 
supervisor to contribute input data to the administrator for purposes of the Reference 
Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, in case the specified date lies more than six months 
after the date the public statement is made, this event will be deemed to occur as of the 
date such specified date lies within the following six months); or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate or 
its supervisor announcing that the Reference Rate will be materially changed, will no 
longer be representative, will cease to be published, will be discontinued or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences or that the supervisor no longer requires contributors to contribute input 
data to the administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate. 
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(ii), (iii) (iv) and (v) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Reference Rate, the 
discontinuation of the Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, and (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (i) above, on the date with effect from which 
the Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative or an industry accepted rate for debt market interests (as determined by the 
Rate Determination Agent or if not yet appointed, the Issuer, and acting in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner) such as, or comparable to, the Notes and which is specified 
in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise as reasonably determined by the Rate 
Determination Agent in its sole discretion.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
“Rate Determination Agent” means (i) an independent third party (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) appointed by the Issuer, using commercially best efforts, or 
(ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint such third party, the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), to determine the Replacement Reference Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c) and in conjunction with an Independent Adviser (as 
applicable). 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Zero Coupon Notes will be issued at a discount to their nominal amount and 
interest thereon does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity, save for the 
following. Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest 
for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in 
this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value 
(if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, 
then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period 
for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day 
Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as 
soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to 
make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or 
other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period 
Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11, the accrued interest and the Rate 
of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously 
in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount 
so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Anniversary Date” means the date specified hereon;  
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a TARGET Business 
Day); and/or 
(iii) in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres;  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
 
Period divided by 365;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a  
leap year, 
366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360 
                   
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union 
that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended; 
“First Reset Note Reset Date means the date specified hereon; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Note Reset 
Date until (but excluding) the first Anniversary Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest being determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Mid-
Swap Rate plus the Reset Margin; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified hereon 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and 
each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending 
on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall 
mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such 
Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified hereon; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro 
or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, unless otherwise 
specified hereon; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon; 
“ICESWAP Rate” means “ICESWAP1”, “ICESWAP2”, “ICESWAP3” or 
“ICESWAP4” as may be specified hereon;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means the mid-market swap rate specified hereon; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means the Mid-Market Swap Rate for the Specified Currency 
calculated for a period equal to the relevant Reset Period at the Reuters Screen Page 
Rates at 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the 
Reset Determination Date; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
hereon; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by 
the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of such particular information 
service); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset 
Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset 
Period; 
“Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such hereon; 
“Reset Note Reset Date” means every date which falls on each Anniversary Date as 
may be specified hereon; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reuters Screen Page Rates” means the relevant ICESWAP Rate for the Specified 
Currency for transactions with a maturity equal to the relevant Reset Period which are 
displayed on the Reuters screen page (or such other page as may replace that page on 
Reuters, or such other service as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purposes of displaying comparable 
rates); 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means each successive period from (and including) a 
Reset Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Reset Note Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Reset Margin; 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as T2) System which was launched on 19 
November 2007 or any replacement or successor payment system thereto.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter-
bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Deferral of Payments - Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Optional Deferral of Interest Payments 
If so specified hereon, the Issuer may elect in respect of any Optional Interest Payment Date to defer 
payment of all (but not some only) of the interest on the Subordinated Notes accrued to that date and 
the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment on that date. 
The deferral of any interest payment on any Optional Interest Payment Date in accordance with this 
Condition 6(a) will not constitute a default by the Issuer and will not give the holders of Subordinated 
Notes or the Coupons relating to them any right to accelerate the Subordinated Notes. The Issuer shall 
notify the holders of Subordinated Notes as soon as practicable (and in any event within 14 days) prior 
to any Optional Interest Payment Date in respect of which payment is deferred, of the amount of such 
payment otherwise due on that date and the grounds upon which such deferral has been made in 
accordance with Condition 15 (the Deferral Notice). Subject to Condition 6(c), the Issuer may defer 
paying interest on each Optional Interest Payment Date until the Maturity Date or any earlier date on 
which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed in full. 
(b) 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest Payments 
In addition to the right of the Issuer to defer payment of interest in accordance with Condition 6(a) if 
so specified hereon, payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes will be mandatorily deferred on 
each Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such 
payment on that date. 
The deferral of any interest payment on a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date in accordance with this 
Condition 6(b) will not constitute a default by the Issuer and will not give the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes or the Coupons relating to them any right to accelerate the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer shall notify the holders of Subordinated Notes within 14 days prior to any Mandatory 
Interest Deferral Date in respect of which payment is deferred (or as soon as practicable after such 
fourteenth day), of the amount of such payment otherwise due on that date and specifying that a 
Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing, or would occur if payment of interest on the 
Subordinated Notes were to be made (whether in whole or in part) in accordance with Condition 15 
(the Deferral Notice). 
A certificate from two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer confirming that (a) a Mandatory 
Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing, or would occur if payment of interest on the 
Subordinated Notes were to be made (whether in whole or in part) or (b) a Mandatory Deferral Event 
has ceased to occur and/or payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes would not result in a 
Mandatory Deferral Event occurring, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be treated and accepted

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
by the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them and all other interested 
parties as correct and sufficient evidence thereof. 
(c) 
Arrears of Interest 
Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes not paid on an Interest Payment Date, together with 
any other interest in respect thereof not paid on any earlier Interest Payment Date, in each case by 
virtue of Condition 6(a) or 6(b), shall, so long as the same remains unpaid, constitute “Arrears of 
Interest”. Arrears of Interest shall not bear interest. 
Any Arrears of Interest and any other amount, payment of which is deferred in accordance with 
Condition 6(a) or 6(b), may be paid in whole or in part at any time upon the expiry of not less than 14 
days' notice to such effect given by the Issuer to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with Condition 15 (the Deferred Interest Payment Date), provided that the following conditions are 
met: 
(a) 
no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing; and 
(b) 
any notifications to the Regulator have been made or consent from the Regulator has been 
obtained, as the case may be, in either case if required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations; 
and in any event will be automatically become immediately due and payable in whole (and not in part) 
upon whichever is the earlier of the following dates: 
(i) 
the date fixed for any redemption, purchase or substitution, or variation of the terms, of the 
Subordinated Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7 or Condition 11(a); 
(ii) 
the date on which an order is made or a resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer 
(other than a solvent winding-up solely for the purpose of a reconstruction or amalgamation or 
the substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer, the terms of which 
reconstruction, amalgamation or substitution (i) have previously been approved in writing by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders and (ii) do 
not provide that the Subordinated Notes shall thereby become payable); 
(iii) 
if Condition 6(a) is specified hereon as being applicable, the date on which a Compulsory 
Interest Payment Event occurs, provided that no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is 
continuing; or 
(iv) 
if Condition 6(a) is specified hereon as being applicable, the next Interest Payment Date which 
is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, 
in the case of paragraph (i), (iii) and (iv) above, provided that any notifications to the Regulator have 
been made or consent from the Regulator has been obtained, as the case may be, in either case if 
required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if notice is given by the Issuer of its intention to pay the whole or part 
of Arrears of Interest and any other amount in respect of or arising under such Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer shall be obliged to do so upon expiration of such notice, subject to no Mandatory Deferral Event 
having occurred and being continuing upon such expiration. Where Arrears of Interest are paid in part, 
each part payment shall be applied in payment of the Arrears of Interest accrued due in respect of the 
relative Interest Payment Date (or consecutive Interest Payment Dates) furthest from the date of 
payment. 
(d) 
No default

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, any payment which for the time being is not 
made on Subordinated Notes by virtue of Condition 6(a) or 6(b), as appropriate, shall not constitute a 
default for any purpose (including, but without limitation, Condition 11) on the part of the Issuer. 
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, Arrears of Interest and any other amount, payment of 
which is so deferred, shall bear interest at the applicable Rate of Interest from (and including) the date 
on which (but for such deferral) the deferred payment would otherwise have been due to be made (but 
excluding) the relevant date on which the relevant deferred payment is satisfied. 
(e) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Assets” means the non-consolidated gross assets of the Issuer as shown by the then latest published 
audited balance sheet of the Issuer but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events and to such 
extent as two members of the Issuer's Executive Board, the auditors or, as the case may be, the 
liquidator may determine to be appropriate; 
“Capital Adequacy Event” means that (i) the amount of eligible 'own fund-items' (or any equivalent 
terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations) of the Issuer on a consolidated basis to 
cover the Solvency Capital Requirement or the Minimum Capital Requirement of the Issuer is, or as a 
result of a payment of interest or a payment of principal would become, not sufficient to cover such 
Solvency Capital Requirement or Minimum Capital Requirement; or (ii) (if required or applicable in 
order for the Subordinated Notes to qualify as regulatory capital of the Issuer on a consolidated basis 
under the Capital Adequacy Regulations) the Regulator has notified the Issuer that it has determined, 
in view of the financial and/or solvency condition of the Issuer on a consolidated basis, that in 
accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulations the Issuer must take specified action in relation to 
deferral of payments of principal and/or interest under the Subordinated Notes; 
“Capital Adequacy Regulations” means, at any time, the statutory regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, recommendations, policies and decrees as applied and enforced by the Regulator or any 
other equivalent supervisory authority imposing obligations on the Issuer with respect to the 
maintenance of minimum levels of solvency margins and/or capital adequacy ratios and/or comparable 
margins or ratios (howsoever described at the time), as well as regarding the supervision thereof by 
any Regulator, including any ((commission) delegated) regulations under Solvency II (including 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 (as superseded and amended, including by way of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981)) or any other equivalent supervisory authority 
relating to such matters and further includes (without limitation) the provisions of regulatory laws as 
applicable at the relevant point in time with respect to internationally active insurance groups (IAIG) 
and global systemically important insurers (G-SII), where appropriate and/or at the designation as such 
by the relevant supervisory authority, as applicable to the Issuer; 
“Compulsory Interest Payment Date” means any Interest Payment Date in respect of which (a) 
during the immediately preceding six months a Compulsory Interest Payment Event has occurred, (b) 
which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and (c) on which the Solvency Condition is satisfied; 
“Compulsory Interest Payment Event” means an event which is deemed to have occurred if: 
(i) 
any declaration, payment or making of a dividend or other distribution on any class of the 
Issuer's share capital; 
(ii) 
any repurchase by the Issuer of any of its shares for cash, provided such repurchase is not 
made in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer in connection with any share option 
scheme, share ownership scheme, or any other share scheme or share plan for management 
or employees of the Issuer or management or employees of affiliates of the Issuer;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(save in any such case where the terms of such securities or share capital do not enable the Issuer or 
relevant other person to defer, pass on or eliminate an interest payment, dividend or other distribution 
and except a redemption required to be effected under the terms of such securities); 
“Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries; 
“insurance undertaking” has the meaning ascribed to it in article 13 of the Solvency II Directive; 
“Liabilities” means the non-consolidated gross liabilities of the Issuer as shown by the then latest 
published audited balance sheet of the Issuer, but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events 
and to such extent as two members of the Issuer's Executive Board, the auditors or, as the case may be, 
the liquidator may determine to be appropriate; 
“Mandatory Deferral Event” means: 
(a) 
the Solvency Condition is not met; or 
(b) 
a Capital Adequacy Event has occurred and continues to exist and a deferral of interest and/or a 
suspension of payment of principal, as applicable, is required under the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations for the Subordinated Notes to qualify for the purposes of determination of the 
solvency margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable margins or ratios of the Issuer, or, where 
this is subdivided in tiers, as tier 2 basic own funds (howsoever described at the time), on a 
consolidated basis, 
provided, however, that the occurrence of (b) above will not constitute a Mandatory Deferral Event: 
(A) 
in respect of payments of interest or Arrears of Interest, if: 
(i) 
the Regulator has exceptionally waived the deferral of such interest payment and/or 
payment of Arrears of Interest; 
(ii) 
paying the interest payment and/or Arrears of Interest does not further weaken the 
solvency position of the Issuer as determined in accordance with the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations; and 
(iii) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately after the interest 
payment and/or payment of Arrears of Interest is made; 
(B) 
in respect of payments of principal, if: 
(i) 
the Regulator has exceptionally waived the deferral of such principal payment; 
(ii) 
the Subordinated Notes are exchanged for or converted into another tier 1 or tier 2 basic 
own fund of at least the same quality; 
(iii) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately after the principal 
payment is made; 
“Mandatory Interest Deferral Date” means each Interest Payment Date in respect of which a 
Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing; 
“Minimum Capital Requirement” has the meaning as may be given thereto under the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations); 
“Optional Interest Payment Date” means any Interest Payment Date other than a Compulsory 
Interest Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
“Regulator” means any existing or future regulator having primary supervisory authority with respect 
to the Issuer and/or the Group or the Issuer as if it were the ultimate parent undertaking in an EU 
regulated financial group or financial conglomerate; 
“Solvency Capital Requirement” means the consolidated Solvency Capital Requirement as referred 
to in Solvency II (or any equivalent terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations); 
“Solvency II” means the Solvency II Directive and any implementing measures adopted pursuant to 
the Solvency II Directive (for the avoidance of doubt, whether implemented by way of Regulation, 
Implementing Technical Standards or by further Directives, Q&As or guidelines published by the 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (or any successor entity), the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority or otherwise) including, without limitation, the Solvency II Regulation; 
“Solvency II Delegated Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 
October 2014 supplementing the Solvency II Directive, as amended from time to time; 
“Solvency II Directive” means consolidated Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of insurance and 
reinsurance (Solvency II) and the implementing measures by the European Commission thereunder, 
as amended; 
the “Solvency Condition” is not satisfied if the Issuer determines that it is not or, on the relevant date 
on which a payment would be made after taking into account amounts payable on that date on the 
Subordinated Notes will not be, Solvent; 
“Solvent” means that the Issuer (a) is able to pay its debts to its unsubordinated and unsecured creditors 
as they fall due and (b) has Assets that exceed its Liabilities (other than its Liabilities to persons who 
are not unsubordinated and unsecured creditors). 
7 
Redemption, Substitution, Variation, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: The Notes are dated or undated notes, as specified in the Final Terms. Unless 
previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed 
on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided, is its nominal amount). Any Subordinated Notes with no Maturity Date specified hereon 
will, subject to Condition 3(b) and prior consent from the Regulator if required under the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations, become due and payable at their Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided, is the nominal amount) on the winding-up and dissolution (ontbinding en 
vereffening) or liquidation of the Issuer (other than a solvent winding-up solely for the purpose of a 
reconstruction or amalgamation or the substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of 
the Issuer, the terms of which reconstruction, amalgamation or substitution (i) have previously been 
approved in writing by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the 
holders of Subordinated Notes) and (ii) do not provide that the Subordinated Notes shall thereby 
become payable) and may otherwise be redeemed only in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7 or as provided in Condition 11. 
(b) 
Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation or Purchase 
Only in respect of Subordinated Notes and so long as the Issuer is subject to Capital Adequacy 
Regulations: 
(i) 
any redemption or purchase pursuant to this Condition 7 or purchase of Subordinated Notes may 
only be made provided no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing at the time 
of such redemption and/or purchase and such redemption and/or purchase would not itself cause 
a Mandatory Deferral Event;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
(ii) 
if the Regulator so applies the Capital Adequacy Regulations, any redemption or purchase of 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to this Condition 7 may only be made provided no Insolvent 
Insurer Liquidation has occurred and is continuing on the relevant redemption or purchase date; 
and 
(iii) any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of the Subordinated Notes is subject to (A) 
the prior consent of the Regulator if required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations and (B) 
compliance with the Capital Adequacy Regulations. 
If so specified in the Final Terms, in the case of a redemption or purchase that is within five years of 
the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes the Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate signed 
by two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer stating that it would have been reasonable for 
the Issuer to conclude, judged at the time of the issue of the Subordinated Notes, that the circumstance 
entitling the Issuer to exercise the right of redemption was unlikely to occur (and such certificate shall 
be conclusive evidence of the matters stated herein). 
In the case of a redemption or purchase pursuant to Condition 7(d), 7(f), 7(g), 7(h), 7(i), 7(j), 7(k) or 
7(m) or that is within five years from the Issue Date or, if applicable, the issue date of the last tranche 
of any Further Notes (whichever is the later), such redemption or purchase shall be in exchange for or 
funded out of the proceeds of a new issuance of capital of at least the same quality as the Subordinated 
Notes, if the Capital Adequacy Regulations make a redemption or purchase conditional thereon, or as 
otherwise permitted under the Capital Adequacy Regulations, including under article 73(5) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 (as superseded and amended, including by way of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981). 
Should a Mandatory Deferral Event occur after a notice for redemption has been given to the 
Noteholders but prior to the date fixed for redemption, such redemption notice shall become void and 
notice thereof shall be given promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 15, the Noteholders. 
In this Condition 7(b): 
“Insolvent Insurer Liquidation” means a liquidation of any Group Insurance Undertaking that is not 
a Solvent Insurer Liquidation. 
“Group Insurance Undertaking” means an insurance undertaking or a reinsurance undertaking 
within the Group. 
“Policyholder Claims” means claims of policyholders in a liquidation of a Group Insurance 
Undertaking to the extent that those claims relate to any debt to which the Group Insurance Undertaking 
is, or may become, liable to a policyholder pursuant to a contract of insurance. 
“reinsurance undertaking” has the meaning ascribed to it in article 13 of the Solvency II Directive. 
“Solvent Insurer Liquidation” means a liquidation of any Group Insurance Undertaking where the 
Issuer has determined, acting reasonably, that all Policyholder Claims of such Group Insurance 
Undertaking will be met. 
(c) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(d) or (f) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 11 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 7(d) or (f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 11 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date 
on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of 
the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(d) or (f) or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11, shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount. 
(d) 
Redemption, Substitution or Variation for Taxation Reasons: If (i) (A) the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes (any such change or 
amendment, a Tax Law Change) or (B) as a result of a Tax Law Change, the Issuer will not obtain 
full or substantially full deductibility for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax for any payment 
of interest, and (ii) the foregoing cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if required), 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at such times or on such date 
or dates as specified in the Final Terms on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 7(c) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption), or 
(ii) 
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if required), 
and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, having given not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
subject to compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, at such time or on such date or 
dates as specified in the Final Terms, substitute the Notes in whole (but not in part) for another 
series of notes of at least the same quality of the Issuer under which the Issuer will not be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts or will be able to obtain full or substantially full deductibility for 
the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax for any payment of interest, or at any time vary the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes so that they become notes under which the Issuer 
will not be obliged to pay such additional amounts or will be able to obtain full or substantially 
full deductibility for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax for any payment of interest, 
provided in each case that the notes have materially the same terms as the Notes which terms 
are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Notes then prevailing, as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in conjunction with an independent investment bank of 
international standing, such determination to be certified to the Noteholders as set out below. In 
connection with such substitution or variation all Arrears of Interest (if any) will be satisfied. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption, substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
7(d), the Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two members of the Executive 
Board of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption, substitution or variation 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem, substitute or vary have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts or will 
no longer be able to obtain full or substantially full relief for the purposes of Dutch corporate income 
tax for any payment of interest as a result of such change or amendment. 
In connection with any substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 7(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Issuer Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, subject 
to the prior consent of the Regulator, if required, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem, 
all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such notice of 
redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which 
case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be 
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers 
of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered 
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn 
in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account 
of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or 
other relevant authority requirements.  
(f) 
Redemption, Substitution or Variation of the Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Reasons: If 
immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below a Capital Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator, if required, 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of Subordinated Notes 
in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem, in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions, at such time or on such date or dates as specified hereon all, but 
not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the Early Redemption Amount specified hereon

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions and any Arrears of Interest; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if required), 
and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), subject to 
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, at such time or on such date or dates as 
specified hereon substitute the Subordinated Notes in whole (but not in part) for another series 
of notes of the Issuer, or at any time vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated 
Notes so that they become, capable of counting for the purposes of determination of the solvency 
margin, capital adequacy ratios or comparable margins or ratios under the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations, or, where this is subdivided in tiers, supplementary capital (tier 2 basic own funds 
or equivalent) that have materially the same terms as the Subordinated Notes which terms are 
not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Subordinated Notes then 
prevailing, as reasonably determined by the Issuer in conjunction with an independent 
investment bank of international standing, such determination to be certified to the holders of 
the Subordinated Notes as set out below. In connection with such substitution or variation all 
Arrears of Interest (if any) will be satisfied. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption, substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
7(f) the Issuer shall deliver to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 15 
a certificate signed by two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer stating that a Capital 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing as at the date of the certificate and, in the case 
of a substitution or variation pursuant to (ii) above, certifying the determination as set out therein. 
In connection with any substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 7(f), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
For the purpose of this Condition 7(f) a “Capital Disqualification Event” is deemed to have occurred 
if, as a result of any replacement of or change to the Capital Adequacy Regulations (or change to the 
interpretation thereof by any court, the Regulator or any other authority entitled to do so) the 
Subordinated Notes cease to be capable of counting for 100% of the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes outstanding at such time under the Capital Adequacy Regulations for the purposes 
of the determination of the solvency margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable margins or ratios of 
the Issuer, or, where this is subdivided in tiers, as tier 2 basic own funds (howsoever described at the 
time), on a consolidated basis, except where such non-qualification is only as a result of any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital. 
(g) 
Redemption, Substitution or Variation of the Subordinated Notes for Rating Reasons: If immediately 
prior to the giving of the notice referred to below a Rating Methodology Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer may at any time, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if 
required), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, at such time or on such date or dates 
as specified in the Final Terms all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms together with any interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any 
Arrears of Interest; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if required), 
and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of Subordinated

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), subject to 
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, at such time or on such date or dates as 
specified in the Final Terms substitute the Subordinated Notes in whole (but not in part) for 
another series of notes of the Issuer that are, or at any time vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of the Subordinated Notes so that they are, assigned substantially the same equity content 
or at the absolute discretion of the Issuer a lower equity content (provided such equity content 
is still higher than the equity content assigned to the Subordinated Notes after the occurrence of 
the Rating Methodology Event) than that which was assigned by the Rating Agency to the 
Subordinated Notes on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, 
provided that after such substitution or variation the terms of the notes are not materially less 
favourable to an investor than the terms of the Subordinated Notes then prevailing, as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer in conjunction with an independent investment bank of international 
standing, such determination to be certified to the holders of the Subordinated Notes as set out 
below. In connection with such substitution or variation all Arrears of Interest (if any) will be 
satisfied. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption, substitution or variation exchange pursuant to this 
Condition 7(g) the Issuer shall deliver to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with 
Condition 15 a certificate signed by two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer stating that a 
Rating Methodology Event has occurred and is continuing as at the date of the certificate and, in the 
case of a substitution or variation pursuant to (ii) above, certifying the determination as set out therein. 
In connection with any substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 7(g), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
In this Condition 7(g): 
a “Rating Methodology Event” will be deemed to occur upon a change in, amendment to, or 
clarification of methodology of any Rating Agency (or in the interpretation of such methodology) as a 
result of which the equity content assigned by such Rating Agency to the Subordinated Notes is, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially reduced when compared to the equity content assigned by 
such Rating Agency to the Subordinated Notes on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Subordinated Notes; and 
“Rating Agency” means the rating agency or agencies specified in the Final Terms or any of their 
respective successors. 
(h) 
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes for Accounting Reasons: If immediately prior to the giving of 
the notice referred to below an Accounting Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may 
at any time, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if required), having given 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of Subordinated Notes in accordance with 
Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem, in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions, at such time or on such date or dates as specified in the Final Terms all, but not some only, 
of the Subordinated Notes at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms together with 
any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions and any Arrears of Interest. 
The Accounting Event shall be deemed to have occurred on the Accounting Event Adoption Date 
notwithstanding any later effective date. The period during which the Issuer may notify the redemption 
of the Notes as a result of the occurrence of an Accounting Event pursuant to this Condition 7(h) shall 
start on, and include the Accounting Event Adoption Date. For the avoidance of doubt such period 
shall include any transitional period between the Accounting Event Adoption Date and the date on 
which it comes into effect.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(h) the Issuer shall 
deliver to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 15 a certificate signed 
by two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer stating that an Accounting Event has occurred 
and is continuing as at the date of the certificate. 
In this Condition 7(h): 
an "Accounting Event" will be deemed to occur if a recognised accountancy firm of international 
standing has delivered a letter or report to the Issuer, stating that, as a result of a change in accounting 
principles (or the application thereof) since the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated 
Notes (the earlier of such date that the aforementioned change is officially announced in respect of 
IFRS or officially adopted or put into practice, the Accounting Event Adoption Date), the obligations 
of the Issuer may not or may no longer be recorded fully as "equity" or a “financial liability”, as the 
case may be, in the audited or the semi-annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer pursuant 
to IFRS or any other accounting standards that may replace IFRS for the purposes of preparing the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and such event cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it; and  
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Clean-up: Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the 
Noteholders that it is exercising the Make-whole Redemption Call set out in Condition 7(j) below in 
respect of the Notes, if Clean-up Call Option is specified hereon and, at any time, the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is equal to or less than the percentage specified hereon of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued (including any Further Notes), the Issuer may, subject 
to the prior consent of the Regulator, if required, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem, 
all of the Notes on the date specified in such notice.  
 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
(j) 
Make-whole Redemption: If Make-whole Redemption Call is specified hereon, the Issuer may, subject 
to having given: 
(i) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other period of notice as 
is specified hereon) in accordance with Condition 15; and 
(ii) not less than 3 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Paying Agent or, 
in the case of redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar, the Quotation Agent and such other 
parties as may be specified hereon, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at any time 
from the date specified hereon until their Maturity Date, on the dates specified hereon redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date (each such a date, a Make-whole 
Redemption Date) at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice of redemption 
may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such 
notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-whole Redemption Date may be delayed 
until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any 
or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by 
the Make-whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-whole Redemption Date so delayed. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 7(c) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to this Condition 7(j).

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
“Calculation Date” means the third business day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
 “Make-whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of: 
(i) the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes 
to maturity or, if Call Option is specified hereon, to the first Optional Redemption Date (excluding 
any interest accruing on the Notes, to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) 
discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or 
quarterly basis (as specified hereon) at the Make-whole Redemption Reference Rate plus a Make-
whole Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date,  
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation Agent 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agent and such other parties as may be specified hereon. 
“Make-whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such hereon. 
Make-whole Redemption Reference Rate means the average of the number of quotations given by 
the Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third 
Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time 
(CET)).  
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified hereon. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the banks, as specified hereon, selected by the Quotation Agent, 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such hereon. If the Reference Security is no 
longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on 
the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and notified to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means (a) reference bond or (b) reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes, in each case that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes.  
(k) 
Issuer Refinancing Call: If Issuer Refinancing Call is specified hereon, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other period of notice 
as is specified hereon) in accordance with Condition 15; and 
(ii) not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Paying Agent 
and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at any time, 
or from time to time, on or after the date specified hereon (being six months prior to the Maturity Date 
of the Notes) redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date (the 
Refinancing Repurchase Date) at their nominal amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the Refinancing Repurchase Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, 
in the Issuer's discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date may be delayed until such time as any or 
all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption 
may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not 
have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Refinancing Repurchase Date, 
or by the Refinancing Repurchase Date so delayed. 
 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 7(c) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to this Condition 7(k). 
(l) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Investor Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its 
specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (Exercise Notice) in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice 
period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(m) 
Purchases: The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(n) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
8 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)) or Coupons (in 
the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn 
on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a 
Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, 
in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the Record Date).

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note 
at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be 
made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.  
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer 
Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in 
relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least two major European cities (including Dublin so long as the Notes are admitted to listing on 
the official list of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin) and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the 
Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10).

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Coupon is not a business day, 
the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.  
9 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that (i) no 
such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes if and to the extent this would 
render the Subordinated Notes ineligible for purposes of the Capital Adequacy Regulations and (ii) no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the holder having some 
connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if such withholding or deduction may be avoided by 
complying with any statutory requirement or by making a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(c) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder that is a partnership or a holder that is not the sole 
beneficial owner of the Note or which holds the Note in a fiduciary capacity, to the extent that any 
of the members of the partnership, the beneficial owner or the settlor or beneficiary with respect to 
the fiduciary would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had each of the 
members of the partnership, the beneficial owner, settlor or beneficiary (as the case may be) received 
directly his beneficial or distributive share of the payment; or 
(d) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing 
it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the 
last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(e) 
where a withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).  
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note 
(or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 and (iii) “principal” 
and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretation 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating 
the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such intergovernmental agreement) (FATCA 
withholding). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an 
investor for any such FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other 
party. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years from the appropriate due 
date for payment in respect of them. 
11 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (Events of Default) occurs, the holder of any Note may give written notice to 
the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest (including in the case of 
Subordinated Notes under which the Issuer has the option to defer interest, all Arrears of Interest and any

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
other amounts in respect of or arising under such Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons) to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of the Subordinated Notes (subject to prior consent from the 
Regulator, if required), in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer. Liquidation may occur as a result 
of the winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer (ontbinding en vereffening) or bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Senior Notes: In the case of Senior Notes: 
(i) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or three days (in 
the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of 
the Notes; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of 
its other obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 
30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified 
office by any Noteholder; or 
(iii) Cross-Default: (A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes capable of 
being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential 
default, event of default or the like (howsoever described), or (B) any such indebtedness is not 
paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period, or (C) the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised, 
in each case except if the aggregate amount falling within (A) to (C) above is less than € 
100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) or  
(iv) 
Enforcement Proceedings: an executoriaal beslag (executory attachment) or a conservatoir 
beslag (interlocutory attachment) is made, or another attachment, distress, execution or other 
legal process under any law is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, 
assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries having an aggregate value of 
€ 100,000,000 or more and is not cancelled, withdrawn, discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
(v) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and 
any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar person) over any assets 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries having an aggregate value of € 100,000,000 or 
more (and for the avoidance of doubt any notification to Achmea Bank N.V. (AB) or its 
borrowers, pursuant to the securitisations SRMP I and SRMP II, and any similar future financing 
transactions of AB and the Achmea Soft Bullet Covered Bond Programme in circumstances, in 
each case, where there is no default of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in respect of those 
securitisations, programmes or financings is not considered an “enforcement” under this 
provision); or 
(vi) 
Insolvency: suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) or bankruptcy (faillissement) 
proceedings are initiated or applied for by the Issuer, any of its Material Subsidiaries or a third 
party and, in the case of a third party application, not discharged within 30 days, or the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent 
or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts under any applicable law, stops, suspends or threatens to 
stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, proposes 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries, or any such measures are officially decreed, under any applicable law; or 
(vii) Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the dissolution or liquidation 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
shall apply or petition for a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself or ceases or 
threaten to ceases to carry on all or a substantial part of its business or operations, in each case 
except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, under a 
solvent winding up pursuant to a shareholders' resolution whereby the undertaking and assets of 
the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in another of the Issuer's 
Subsidiaries (which shall thereupon itself become Material Subsidiary) (notice of which shall be 
forthwith be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders) or 
(viii) Authorisation and Consents: at any time a special authorisation becomes necessary to permit 
the Issuer to pay principal of and interest on the Notes in accordance with their terms as a result 
of any change in the official application of, or any amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Netherlands and such authorisation is not obtained by the Issuer within 60 days of the effective 
date of such change or amendment or official notification thereof, whichever occurs later; or 
(ix) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful under any applicable law for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with any one or more of its obligations under any of the Notes. 
12 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. In the case of 
Subordinated Notes, any modification of these Conditions is subject to prior consent from the 
Regulator, if required. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 25 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting 
convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration 
of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, 
or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in 
respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest 
or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum 
and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of 
calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or 
denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case 
the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. 
or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders 
(whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened 
and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modifications: The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement or of any of 
these Conditions either (i) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or of curing, correcting or supplementing any manifest or proven error or any other 
defective provision contained herein or therein or (ii) in any other manner which is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Fiscal 
Agent agrees otherwise in respect of any modification to the Agency Agreement, any modification 
shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
13 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in 
the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time 
to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may 
be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes (Further Notes) having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance 
of doubt, references in the conditions of such notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
15 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the Netherlands (which is expected to be Het Financieele Dagblad) and so long as the 
Notes are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so require, also 
in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Dublin, which is expected to be the Irish Times. If any 
such notice is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
16 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge 
to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that 
the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date 
of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on 
which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be 
due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it 
as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. 
For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may 
be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, 
claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other 
judgment or order. 
17 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Dutch 
law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (Proceedings) may 
be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and appellate courts, and waives any objection to Proceedings in such 
courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, 
Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other 
court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer (including the notes thereto) for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the Annual Report 2022), together with the auditor's report 
thereon, 
included 
in 
the 
Issuer’s 
Annual 
Report 
2022: 
https://www.achmea.nl/-
/media/achmea/documenten/investors/publicaties-2022/achmea-jaarverslag-2022-eng.pdf;  
(ii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer (including the notes thereto) for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the Annual Report 2023), together with the auditor’s report 
thereon, 
included 
in 
the 
Issuer’s 
Annual 
Report 
2023: 
https://www.achmea.nl/-
/media/achmea/documenten/investors/publicaties-2023/annual-report-achmea-2023.pdf; 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 62 to 94 of the base prospectus dated 15 July 2019 under 
the 
heading 
“Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes”: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_7a219ffe-b905-4b52-bb41-
a220bd015e11.pdf; and 
(iv) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 48 and 83 of the base prospectus dated 21 October 2022 
under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202210/c02f8772-f6ad-4908-8745-634457fb7c9d.pdf, 
 
each of which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
which have been filed with Euronext Dublin and with the Central Bank of Ireland in compliance with Article 
19 of the Prospectus Regulation. Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to 
herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, shall constitute a supplementary prospectus as required 
by the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from 
this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights 
attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of 
copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES  
The form of Final Terms of the Notes that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [DATE] 
Achmea B.V. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
under the € 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme  
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [[an 
EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation)] can have access and shall not be offered 
or sold to non-qualified investors.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU MiFID 
II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (IDD), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2  
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a ‘distributor’) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
 
1  
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
 
Applicable”.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a ‘distributor’) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated 16 April 2024 (the Base Prospectus) [and the 
supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [date]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]2. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented].]3 [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
which have been prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]]4 in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplemental base prospectus[es]] [has] [have] been published on the Issuer's website at 
www.achmea.nl/en. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated [15 July 2019]/[21 October 2022] which are incorporated by reference in the base 
prospectus dated 16 April 2024 (the Base Prospectus). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are 
extracted from the base prospectus dated [15 July 2019]/[21 October 2022].]5 [This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein which have been prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base 
prospectus[es] dated], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated 
[15 July 2019]/[21 October 2022]]6 in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and 
the supplemental base prospectus[es]] [has] [have] been published on the Issuer’s website at 
[https://www.achmea.nl/en].]  
 
2  
Delete this language in case of Notes NOT to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA. 
3  
Include this language in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA. 
4  
Include this language in case of Notes NOT to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA. 
5  
Include this language in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA. 
6  
Include this language in case of Notes NOT to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.)

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
1  
Issuer: 
Achmea B.V.  
2  
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(ii)  
Tranche Number:  
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the 
Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 29 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
3  
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[ ] 
4  
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5  
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from 
[insert date] (if applicable)] 
6  
(i) 
Specified  
[ ] 
 
Denominations: 
[Where multiple denominations above € 100,000 (or equivalent) 
are being used the following sample wording should be followed, 
unless they are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, 
or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access: [€ 100,000] and integral multiples of [€ 
1,000] in excess thereof [up to and including [€ 199,000] No Notes 
in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above [€ 
199,000]]*] 
 
 
*[Delete if Notes being issued in registered form.] 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of S 
19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year must have 
a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
 
(ii) 
Calculation 
Amount:  
[ ] 
7  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8  
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify relevant month and year]][Not 
Applicable] 
9  
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] % Fixed Rate [up to but excluding [ ]] 
[Reset Notes] 
[[EURIBOR] +/- [ ] % Floating Rate [from and including [ ]] [Zero 
Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below in paragraph 14, 15, 16, 17 and 
18, as applicable) 
[Optional deferral of interest payments (Condition 6(a)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
10 
 
Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption][If 
redeemed], the Notes will be redeemed [on the Maturity Date] at 
[100] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
11 
 
Change of Interest  
Basis: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – Reset Notes, see paragraph 15 
below] [Applicable – specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 16 below and 
identify there] 
12 
 
Put/Call Options: 
Tax Call Option 
[Investor Put Option] 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[Regulatory Call Option][only for Subordinated Notes] 
[Rating Call Option][only for Subordinated Notes] 
[Accounting Call Option][only for Subordinated Notes] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Make-whole Redemption Call] 
[Issuer Refinancing Call] 
[(further particulars specified below in paragraphs 19 through 27, 
as applicable)] 
13 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/[Dated/Undated (Perpetual)] Subordinated]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
[(ii) [Date [Board] 
approval for 
issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
 
Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable 
[to 
but 
excluding 
[ 
]]/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[ ] in each year 
 
(iii)  Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [([short]/[long] first coupon)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count 
Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365(Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination 
Dates: 
[ ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15 
 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate(s) of 
Interest:  
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[ ] in each year 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount [up to and including the First Reset 
Note Reset Date; resetting thereafter] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [([short]/[long] first coupon)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
First Reset Note 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
(vii) 
Anniversary 
[ ] [and each corresponding day and month falling [ ] years 
thereafter] Date(s):

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(viii) 
Mid-Market Swap 
Rate: 
[[ ]/[As per Conditions]] 
 
(ix) 
ICESWAP Rate: 
[“ICESWAP1”/“ICESWAP2”/“ICESWAP3”/“ICESWAP4] 
 
(x) 
Day Count 
Fraction: 
30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365(Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16 
 
Floating Rate Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable 
[from 
and 
including 
[ 
]]/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[ ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in (v) below.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) First Interest 
Payment Date: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period 
Date: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s):  
[ ] 
 
(vii) Party responsible 
for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not 
the Agent): 
[ ] (the Calculation Agent) 
 
(viii) Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
 
- Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
- Relevant Screen 
Page 
[ ] 
 
- Reference 
Banks: 
[[ 
]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum  
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum  
 
(xiii) Day Count 
Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17 
 
Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) 
[Day Count 
Fraction in relation 
to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts:  
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18 
 
Deferral of Interest 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19 
 
Tax Call  
(Condition 7(d)) 
 
 
(i) 
Time or 
date(s)meant in 
Condition 7(d)(i): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(d)(ii): 
[ ] 
20 
 
Issuer Call Option 
(Condition 7(e)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
[ ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in 
part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[[ ]/[As per Conditions]] 
21 
 
Regulatory Call Option 
(Condition 7(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][only for Subordinated Notes] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(f)(i): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(f)(ii): 
[ ] 
22 
 
Rating Call Option 
(Condition 7(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][only for Subordinated Notes] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(g)(i): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(g)(ii): 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Rating Agency as 
meant in Condition 
7(g): 
[ ]/[S&P/Fitch] 
23 
 
Accounting Call Option 
(Condition 7(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][only for Subordinated Notes] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(h): 
[ ] 
24 
 Clean-up Call Option 
(Condition 7(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Percentage of 
aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes 
outstanding: 
 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[[ ]/[As per Conditions]] 
25 
 
Make-whole 
Redemption Call 
(Condition 7(j)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Date from which 
 
the Issuer Make-
 
Whole Call may be 
 
exercised:  
 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if 
 
other than set out in 
 
the Conditions): 
[[ ] days ]/[As per Conditions] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
 
 
(iii) 
Parties to be 
 
notified by Issuer of 
 
Make-whole 
 
Redemption Date 
 
and Make-whole 
 
Redemption 
 
Amount in addition 
 
to those set out in 
 
Condition 7(j): 
 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Discounting basis 
 
for purposes of 
 
calculating sum of 
 
the present values 
 
of the remaining 
 
scheduled payments 
 
of principal and 
 
interest on the 
 
Notes in the 
 
determination of 
 
the Make-whole 
 
Redemption 
 
Amount: 
 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(v) 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
 
[ ] 
 
 
(vi) 
Quotation Agent: 
[ [ ]/[A reputable international credit institution or financial services 
institution of good standing in the financial markets appointed by 
the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) Reference Dealers: 
[give details]/[Each of 5 banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and 
their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues] 
 
(viii) Reference Security: 
[give details] 
26 
 
Issuer Refinancing Call 
(Condition 7(k)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Date from which 
 
Issuer Refinancing 
 
Call may be 
 
exercised: 
 
[ ] 
 
(Insert date six months prior to Maturity Date of the Notes) 
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if 
 
other than set out in 
 
the Conditions): 
[ ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
 
27 
 
Investor Put Option 
(Condition 7(l)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period 
[[ ]/[As per Conditions] 
28 
 
Final Redemption 
Amount of each Note 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
29 
 
Early Redemption 
Amount

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation, regulatory, rating 
or accounting reasons or 
on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
30 
 
Condition 7(b): 
certificate required: 
[Yes/No] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
31 
 
Form of Notes: 
 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [ ] days' 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [ ] 
days' notice] [In relation to any issue of Notes which are a “Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes” in circumstances other 
than “in the limited circumstances specified in the Global Note”, 
such Notes may only be issued in denominations equal to, or greater 
than, € 100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples thereof] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note (€ [•] nominal amount) registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]] 
32 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
33 
 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/include. Note that this paragraph relates to the 
date and place of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraphs 14(ii), 15(iii) and 16(vi) relate] 
34 
 
Talons for future Coupons 
to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are left.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Achmea B.V.: 
By:   ………………………….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [  ].][Application has been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin with effect from [ ].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimated total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2 
[RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been rated/are expected to be 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type under the Programme generally]]: 
[S&P: [ ]]  
[Fitch: [ ]]  
[[Other]: [ ]]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the European Union and [has]/[have each] applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended, although the result of such application has not yet been 
determined.] 
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended.]/ /[Each of [defined 
terms] is established in the United Kingdom and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] not established in the 
European Union and [has]/[have] not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended.] 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below:) 
“Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests). 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus/specify 
particular identified use of proceeds] 
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and prescribed 
eligibility criteria of the Eligible Green Projects must be 
specified) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6 
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained, free of charge, from [Reuters].]  
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
CFI: 
[[[include code]3, as updated, as set out on]/[See] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
3 The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
FISN: 
[[[include code]4, as updated, as set out on]/[See] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking SA and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)[ and, address(es)]]  
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
[Include this text if “yes” selected: Note that the designation “yes” 
simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[Include this text if “no” selected: Whilst the designation is set at 
“no”, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
Statement on benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR]] is provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat 
as necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by [ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation] [the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[specify benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall within the scope of the 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation][the UK Benchmarks Regulation] 
by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the [EU Benchmarks Regulation][UK 
Benchmarks Regulation] apply, such that [legal name of 
administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the [European 
Union][United 
Kingdom], 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
4 The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
8 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 1; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the 
Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in 
NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), (i) the Global Notes or the Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common 
Safekeeper; and (ii) the relevant clearing systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes or 
Global Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS 
may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Notes is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Common Depositary) or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or 
indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. 
Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited 
to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system (Alternative Clearing System) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be) for their share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer 
of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in 
relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in 
accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against 
the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such 
Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to 
the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, 
in respect of each amount so paid. 
3  
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date:

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
“Overview of the Programme - Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if 
so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for 
Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. 
3.3 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Permanent Global Certificate 
on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent 
the trading of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of 
such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn 
from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 
2(b) may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(iii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 
3.3(ii) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
3.5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to 
that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such 
exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be, or if the Global Note is an NGN, 
the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the 
definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a 
Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer 
will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the 
relevant Definitive Notes. 
3.6 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal 
in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given 
and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in 
compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation 
of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against 
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent 
as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a 
record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will 
be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global 
Note is an NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global 
Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. 
Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 8(h) 
(Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record 
date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 
December and 1 January. 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the 
appropriate due date for payment. 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated 
as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders 
and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one 
vote in respect of each minimum Specified Denomination of Notes for which such Global Note 
may be exchanged. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each 
Note comprising such Noteholder's holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.) 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of 
interest (if any) thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall 
be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all 
of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the 
Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be). 
4.7 
Noteholders' Options

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global 
Note giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with 
a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from 
any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of 
the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of 
Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Permanent 
Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying 
Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is an NGN or 
where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN Nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition 
to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems 
and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount 
of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to 
become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 of the Term and 
Conditions of the Notes by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such 
Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid 
when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate 
may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of the relevant Global 
Note of Global Certificate to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global 
Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such 
Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders with a clearing 
system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, 
the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the register kept by the Registrar will 
become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, no 
such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the 
transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall 
have been improperly withheld or refused. 
4.10 Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf 
of a clearing system, and the rules of that clearing system permit, notices to the holders of Notes 
of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the 
Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that so 
long as the Notes are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that 
exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation 
in the Dublin (which is expected to be the Irish Times).  
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the day on which it was given to such clearing systems.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
5 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic 
Consent” as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters 
that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which 
the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global 
Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another 
person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing 
the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the relevant clearing system) 
and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner 
shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any 
form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system 
(including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or 
nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having 
rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such 
person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by Achmea for general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Achmea intends to allocate an amount equal to the 
net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically to (in)directly finance and/or refinance in whole or in part 
eligible green loans and/or investments (the Eligible Green Projects) relating to (i) new and existing energy 
efficient residential buildings in the Netherlands (Residential Real Estate) and (ii) energy efficient 
commercial buildings in the Netherlands and internationally (Commercial Real Estate) that meet the 
Eligibility Criteria (as defined below) of Achmea’s Green Finance Framework dated February 2022, as 
amended from time to time (the Green Finance Framework) and such Notes may also be referred to as 
“Green Bonds”. In the event of future Green Bond issuances, investors would be able to obtain information 
on the same from the Green Finance Framework. A committee (the Green Finance Framework Committee) 
will manage the Green Finance Framework. 
Achmea’s Green Finance Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of Noteholders. Any 
revisions or updates to the Green Finance Framework will be made available on the following webpage: 
https://www.achmea.nl/en/investors/green-finance-framework, but Achmea will not have any obligation to 
notify Noteholders of any such amendments. The Green Finance Framework is not incorporated in and does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
The “Eligibility Criteria” for qualification of Eligible Green Projects are as follows: 
GBP/GLP 
Category  
Eligibility Criteria 
UN SDGs 
Target 
Core UN SDGs Target 
EU 
Environmental 
Objective 
 
 
 
 
 
Green 
Buildings 
Residential Real Estate: 
a) 
Residential 
properties 
in 
the 
Netherlands built before 31 December 
2020: 
i. Existing residential buildings with an 
Energy 
Performance 
Certificate 
(EPC) label “A” , and belonging to the 
top 
15% 
low-carbon 
residential 
buildings in The Netherlands5 
b) 
Residential 
properties 
in 
the 
Netherlands built as 
of 1 January 2021: 
i. New or existing Dutch residential 
buildings that meet the categorization   
of Nearly Zero Emissions Building 
(NZEB) – 10% 
c) 
Refurbished Residential buildings in 
the Netherlands with an improved 
energy efficiency of at least 30% In 
terms of EPC labels, this is equivalent 
to two-step EPC label improvement 
 
• Target 7.3: By 
2030, double the global 
rate of improvement in 
energy efficiency 
• Target 11.3: By 
2030, enhance 
inclusive and 
Sustainable 
urbanization and 
capacity for 
participatory, 
integrated and 
sustainable human 
settlement planning 
and management in all 
countries 
• Target 13.2 : 
Integrate climate  
change measures 
into national policies, 
strategies and planning  
•  EU 
Environmental 
Objective (1): 
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
 
• Substantial 
contribution to 
Climate Change 
Mitigation (1.b): 
Improving energy 
efficiency in all sectors, 
except energy 
generation using solid 
fossil fuels, 
and at all stages of the 
energy chain, in order 
to reduce primary and 
final energy 
consumption 
Commercial Real Estate: 
a) 
New or existing commercial buildings 
with 
an 
Energy 
Performance 
Certificate (EPC) label “A” in The 
Netherlands built before 31 December 
2020 
b) 
New or existing commercial buildings 
that meet the categorization of Nearly 
 
5 Refer to Achmea’s Green Buildings Methodology Assessment document available on Achmea’s website and prepared by CFP Green Buildings 
which can be obtained from: https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/investors/3-green-residential-buildings-methodology-assessment-
document-achmea--february.pdf

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Zero Emissions Building (NZEB) - 
10%  
c) 
New, 
existing 
or 
refurbished 
commercial buildings which received 
at least one or more of the following 
classifications: LEED “Gold“ and 
above, BREEAM “Excellent”, HQE 
“Excellent”, DGNB “Gold” and above, 
or equivalent or higher level of 
certification 
d) 
Refurbished Commercial buildings 
with an improved energy efficiency of 
at least 30% 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
Projects financed and/or refinanced through the proceeds of the issue of Green Bonds are evaluated and 
selected based on compliance with the Eligibility Criteria as set out above. When identifying Eligible Green 
Projects and their non-financial impacts Achmea may rely on external consultants and their data sources. 
The Green Finance Committee will manage any future updates of the Green Finance Framework, including 
expansions to the list of eligible categories, and oversee its implementation. The Green Finance Committee 
will be composed of Achmea representatives from Corporate Finance, Group Sustainability, Investor 
Relations and Achmea Bank as well as subject matter experts from the various sectors responsible for the 
allocated assets, and will align and report to the Group Asset Liability Committee (ALCO). 
The residential and commercial mortgages selection is based on the Eligibility Criteria defined in the section 
above. Achmea will rely on the support of the Dutch valuation service agency Calcasa. Achmea will match 
its database of mortgages against the database provided by Calcasa. Calcasa sources the underlying data with 
regards to definitive Energy Performance Coefficients directly from the Netherlands Enterprise Agency (the 
Rijksdienst voor Ondernemend Nederland, RVO). Where definitive Energy Performance Coefficients are not 
available, Calcasa will calculate them using the RVO’s methodology for determining Dutch Residential 
Energy Performance Coefficients. 
Achmea is aware of the fact the EU Taxonomy and the EU Green Bond Standard (EU GBS) require that 
Eligible Green Projects should not only contribute to at least one of the EU Environmental Objectives, but 
should also do no significant harm (‘DNSH’) to any other EU Environmental Objective. Achmea safeguards 
that all selected Eligible Green Projects comply with official national and international environmental, social 
standards, local laws and regulations on a best efforts basis. It is part of Achmea’s transaction approval 
process to ensure that the Eligible Green Projects comply with Achmea’s sustainability policy, including 
those financed with the proceeds of any Green Finance Instruments issued under this Framework. Achmea’s 
sustainability 
statement 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://www.achmea.nl/-
/media/achmea/documenten/duurzaam/sustainability-statement.pdf and the Responsible Investment Policies 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/duurzaam/verantwoord-
beleggen/richtlijnen-verantwoord-beleggen/theprinciplesforresponsibleinvestmentachmeanl.pdf. 
Management of proceeds 
The proceeds of the Green Bonds will be managed by Achmea on a consolidated basis in a portfolio approach. 
Achmea intends to allocate the proceeds from the Green Bonds to a portfolio of Eligible Green Projects that 
meets the Eligibility Criteria as set out above and in accordance with the evaluation and selection process 
presented above. 
Achmea is able to issue Green Bonds in order to finance its Eligible Green Projects as long as that portfolio 
exceeds the outstanding Green Bonds. Achmea will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the 
Eligible Green Projects which matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green 
Bonds. Additional Eligible Green Projects will be added to the extent required.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Pending the allocation of the net proceeds of Green Bonds to Eligible Green Projects, Achmea will hold 
and/or invest, at its own discretion, the balance of net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Green Projects 
in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments. 
Reporting 
Achmea will align, on a best effort basis, the reporting with the portfolio approach described in “Handbook 
- Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2021)”.6 The reporting basis for all Green Bonds and 
other potential green funding are the Eligible Green Projects and aggregated reports will be prepared for all 
of Achmea’s Green Bonds and other potential green funding outstanding. 
 
Achmea will make and keep readily available reporting on the allocation of net proceeds to the Eligible Green 
Projects after a year from the issuance of the applicable Green Bonds, to be renewed annually, or until full 
allocation of the net proceeds of the Green Bonds. Reporting will be available on Achmea’s website. 
 
External review 
• 
Pre-issuance verification: Second Party Opinion 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Achmea has appointed ISS ESG to provide a second party 
opinion (the SPO) of the Green Finance Framework. The SPO is available on Achmea’s website: 
https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/investors/green-finance-framework/2-
final140222spoeutaxonomyachmea.pdf. The SPO is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. According to the SPO, the Green Finance Framework is impactful and aligns with the ICMA 
Green Bond Principles 2021 and the LMA Green Loan Principles 2021 as reflected in the Green Finance 
Framework. 
• 
Post-issuance verification: Limited assurance on the Allocation Report 
Achmea may request, one year after issuance or after full allocation, a verification by its external auditor 
(Ernst & Young Accountants LLP or any subsequent external auditor) of a management statement on the 
allocation of the proceeds of any Green Bonds to the Eligible Green Projects. 
None of the Dealers nor the Arranger will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued 
under the Programme (also see the risk factor ‘In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, 
such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will meet investor expectations 
or are suitable for an investor’s investment criteria’). Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the 
applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
 
 
 
 
 
6 https://www.icmagroup.org/sustainable-finance/impact-reporting/.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General information 
Achmea B.V. (Achmea) was incorporated by deed of incorporation on 30 December 1991. Achmea is a 
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated 
and operating under the laws of the Netherlands, including the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek), with 
its corporate seat in Zeist. The registered office of Achmea is Handelsweg 2, 3707 NH Zeist, telephone 
number +31 (0)30 6937000. Achmea is registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of 
Commerce, registration number 33235189. Achmea's commercial name is Achmea. The Legal Entity 
Identifier number of Achmea is 7245007QUMI1FHIQV531.  
The articles of association of Achmea (the Articles of Association) were most recently amended by deed of 
amendment dated 19 April 2013.  
Objectives 
Pursuant to Article 2 of the Articles of Association, the objectives of Achmea are to participate in, to finance 
or in any other way take an interest in, and to conduct the management of, other companies and business 
enterprises, to acquire, own, operate and encumber movable and immovable property, to invest in other 
companies and enterprises, to invest in property, securities and deposits, to render services in the field of 
commerce and finance, to give guarantees and to bind itself for obligations of companies and business 
enterprises with which it is associated in a group of companies, and to do anything that is, in the widest sense 
of the word, connected with the aforementioned objectives or can be conducive to the attainment thereof. 
History 
Achmea's history dates back to 1811. The Group (as defined below) was formed by the mergers and 
acquisitions of numerous mutual and cooperative insurance providers over a period of over two centuries. 
The history of Achmea begins as Onderlinge Waarborgmaatschappij `Achlum', founded by farmer Ulbe Piers 
Draisma in 1811. 
On 18 November 2011 a legal merger took place between Eureko B.V. and its fully owned subsidiary Achmea 
Holding N.V. where the latter was merged into Eureko B.V. Eureko's name was subsequently changed into 
Achmea as of 19 November 2011. 
Business  
Overview 
Achmea is a financial services provider whose core business is insurance. Through its subsidiaries, which 
comprise amongst others Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Schadeverzekeringen 
N.V., N.V. Hagelunie, Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V., InAdmin RiskCo Group B.V., Centraal Beheer PPI 
N.V., Achmea Reinsurance Company N.V., Achmea Bank N.V., Achmea Interne Diensten N.V., Achmea 
Services N.V., Zilveren Kruis Health Services N.V., InShared Holding B.V., Achmea Investment 
Management B.V., Achmea Pensioenservices N.V., Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance B.V., Achmea 
Innovation Fund B.V., Eureko Sigorta A.S., Interamerican Hellenic Life Insurance Company SA, Union 
Poistovna AS and Union Zdravotna Poistovna AS (collectively, the Group), Achmea offers a full range of 
insurance products and related financial products through the banking, direct and brokerage distribution 
channels. In the Netherlands, main products are property & casualty insurance, income protection insurance, 
health insurance, term life insurance, asset management and retirement services and retail annuity products. 
Outside the Netherlands, Achmea operates in Germany, Turkey, Greece, Cyprus, Slovakia and Australia. 
(See “Business Lines – International”).  
The Group's primary goal is to develop products and services that meet the needs of its customers - private 
individuals, companies and other organisations. The Group employs a multi-brand, multi-channel strategy to

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
distribute its products among clients. It has a broad range of product offerings and a full range of distribution 
channels in order to position itself advantageously within different customer and pricing segments. Within 
the Netherlands, the Group primarily uses its brands Interpolis in the banking distribution channel, FBTO, 
Centraal Beheer, Zilveren Kruis, Inshared in the direct distribution channel and Avéro Achmea in the broker 
distribution channel. 
Business Lines 
Achmea organises its operations according to five market-oriented chains: Non-Life, Health, Retirement 
Services, Pension & Life and International. These five chains are outlined below: 
Non-Life Netherlands 
Achmea is one of the market leaders in the Netherlands in non-life insurance, holding an estimated market 
share of more than 20%, offering brands such as Centraal Beheer, Interpolis and FBTO6. Through the direct, 
banking and brokerage channels, Achmea provides its private and commercial customers with car insurance, 
home insurance, home contents insurance, liability insurance, travel insurance. In addition, Achmea offers 
various types of sickness insurance and individual and group disability insurance. For the year ended 31 
December 2023, 18%7 of total gross written premiums (GWP) are generated by Non-Life Netherlands. 
Health Netherlands 
Achmea is one of the market leaders in the Netherlands in health insurance8. Achmea provides health 
insurance for approximately five million people in the Netherlands. Health gross written premiums represent 
a significant share of total GWP, 70%9 for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly as a result of the 
mandatory basic health insurance. Achmea offers basic and supplementary health insurance and health 
services in the Netherlands. 
Retirement Services Netherlands 
With the strategy for Retirement Services, Achmea is focusing on the changing needs of customers, changes 
in society and further modifications in the pension system. These changes are resulting in new ways to save 
for retirement. As part of these efforts, Achmea established the Stichting Achmea Algemeen Pensioenfonds, 
which administers multiple pension schemes under the name Centraal Beheer Algemeen Pensioenfonds (the 
CB APF), in 2016 as an alternative to pension insurance. Through additional products and services provided 
by Achmea Investment Management and Achmea Bank for the third and fourth pillars of the pension system, 
Achmea provides a comprehensive solution. As at 31 December 2023, Achmea Investment Management has 
€ 190 billion assets under management for institutional and retail clients. Achmea has been engaged through 
Achmea Pensioenservices N.V. to carry out pension management activities for the CB APF. Achmea 
Pensioenservices N.V. also provides pension management activities to company and voluntary industry 
pension funds. Achmea has all the skills required within its ranks to carry out this initiative, and is managing 
this as part of an integrated strategy. Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance (SAREF) has € 41 billion of 
assets under management as at 31 December 2023. Centraal Beheer PPI N.V. is included in the Retirement 
Services segment. At year-end 2023, Centraal Beheer PPI N.V.’s customers comprise approximately 324 
employers and about 170,000 members from small and medium-sized enterprises and the major corporates 
market. Assets under management totalled € 3.8 billion as of year-end 2023.7 
Pension & life Netherlands 
With the launch of the new Retirement Services strategy and the establishment of the CB APF, Achmea has 
taken the strategic decision to stop offering new pension insurance products and to focus its pension strategy 
 
6 
Internal market assessment based on publicly available figures. 
7  
Annual Report 2023. 
8  
Vektis figures 2023. 
9  
Annual Report 2023. 
7  
 Annual Report 2023.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
completely towards providing services to the CB APF. With its Retirement Services solutions Achmea keeps 
a competitive offer to the pension market. It has created a closed-book pension which it integrated with the 
existing closed-book Life. The closed book organisation focuses on further cost management and on 
optimising free cash flows while maintaining the current high customer satisfaction scores. When it comes 
to new business, Achmea is focusing exclusively on term life insurance policies (the ORV) and on 
immediately effective annuities and pensions. These insurance solutions are part of Achmea's proposition for 
retirement services. For the year ended 31 December 2023, gross written premiums from Achmea's Pension 
& Life activities represent 4% of total GWP.8  
International 
Achmea operates in six markets outside the Netherlands: Greece, Turkey, Slovakia, Cyprus, Germany and 
Australia. In Greece, Interamerican Greece offers non-life, life and health products and services as well as an 
integrated roadside assistance service. Moreover, Interamerican Greece also offers online car insurances in 
Cyprus. Wholly-owned Eureko Sigorta in Turkey offers a full range of non-life and health products through 
the banking channel. Achmea also has a minority share in the Turkish pension services provider Garanti 
Emeklilik. Union Poistovna AS provides a product portfolio of non-life and life products and Union 
Zdravonta Poistovna AS provides health insurance products. Achmea was granted a licence at the end of 
2013 to sell insurances in Australia. Under the brand name Achmea Australia, Achmea sells non-life 
insurance products and services to amongst others Rabobank's agricultural customers in Australia. In 2021, 
online insurer InShared entered the German insurance market. Furthermore, Hagelunie is a Dutch insurance 
company specialising in glass horticultural insurance for growing agricultural products in Europe and the 
world. For the year ended 31 December 2023, gross written premiums from Achmea's International business 
line represent 8% of total GWP.9 
Other Activities 
The Other Activities segment includes Achmea's strategic investments, the results of its Shared Service 
Centers, interest expenses on (subordinated) debt issued by Achmea, activities at the holding company level 
and Achmea Reinsurance. 
Shareholder structure 
The shareholder structure of the Group is as follows as of 31 December 2023.  
 
Voting and capital rights 
Vereniging Achmea (directly and via STAK)10 
66.94% 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
31.14% 
Gothaer Allgemeine Versicherung AG 
0.55% 
Gothaer Finanzholding AG 
0.63% 
Schweizerische Mobiliar Versicherungsgesellschaft A.G. 
0.74% 
Corporate Governance 
Achmea is a private company with limited liability, with its registered office in Zeist, the Netherlands. 
Although in practice Achmea is governed, organised and managed in the same way as many listed 
organisations its cooperative origin determines the way in which corporate governance is arranged at the level 
of the Executive Board, Supervisory Board and shareholders. Achmea adheres to the following relevant 
corporate governance codes: the Dutch Code of Conduct for Insurers, the Dutch Banking Code and the 
relevant provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (each as discussed below).  
 
8   
Annual Report 2023. 
9  
Annual Report 2023. 
10  
Vereniging Achmea owns 9.17% directly and 57.77% indirectly through Stichting Administratie-Kantoor Achmea.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Dutch Code of Conduct for Insurers 
The Dutch Code of Conduct for Insurers (the Code of Conduct for Insurers) was drawn up based on core 
values established in 2018: ‘providing security’, ‘making it possible’ and ‘social responsibility’. The Code of 
Conduct for Insurers includes principles relating to the conscientious treatment of customers and the 
continuing education of directors and internal supervisors. This Code of Conduct for Insurers (the most recent 
version dates from June 2018) combines existing and new self-regulation of the sector with general 
provisions, including core values and rules of conduct. Based on the Code of Conduct for Insurers, insurers 
give more depth to their public role, drawing on their own corporate vision. Achmea is doing this by means 
of, for example, the Achmea ‘purpose’, in which sustainability and social involvement play a prominent role 
and has anchored this in its processes and the Achmea Code of Conduct. Details on how continuing education 
of directors and internal supervisors is embedded are included in the relevant sections of this section. 
Dutch Banking Code  
The services Achmea provides to its customers also include banking products, which Achmea offers through 
Achmea Bank. The Dutch Banking Code (the Banking Code), Het Maatschappelijk Statuut (the Social 
Charter) and the rules of conduct associated with the Bankers’ Oath together make up the Future-Oriented 
Banking package. The purpose of this package is to play a role in restoring trust in society in relation to banks 
and their roles in the community. Achmea Bank accounts for its compliance with the Banking Code principles 
on the websites www.achmeabank.nl and www.achmeabank.com. Here, specific examples are used to 
illustrate how the rules of conduct are complied with. 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
Since 1 January 2004, listed companies in the Netherlands have been required to report on compliance with 
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the Corporate Governance Code) in their annual report on a 
‘comply or explain’ basis. The purpose of the Corporate Governance Code is to facilitate with or in relation 
to other laws and regulations a sound and transparent system of ‘checks and balances’ within Dutch listed 
companies and, to that end, to regulate relations between the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board and the 
General Meeting. Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code contributes to confidence in the good 
and responsible management of companies and their integration into society. Although Achmea has listed 
instruments (issued bonds), it is not a listed company. Achmea has voluntarily adopted and embedded the 
majority of the Corporate Governance Code’s principles in its governance structure. Where applicable, 
Achmea is almost fully in compliance with the principles and best practices. In 2023, Achmea did not comply 
with the following two principles of the Corporate Governance Code: 
• 
Independence of Supervisory Board members (principle 2.1.8); and 
• 
Adoption of the remuneration policy for the Executive Board by the General Meeting (principle 3.1.1). 
 
Members of Achmea’s Supervisory Board are nominated by its shareholders (i) Vereniging Achmea, (ii) 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., (iii) Gothaer Allgemeine Versicherung AG, Gothaer Finanzholding AG and 
Schweizerische Mobiliar Versicherungsgesellschaft A.G. jointly and, on the basis of the enhanced right of 
recommendation, by the Central Works Council (COR). All members of Achmea’s Supervisory Board fulfil 
their duties independently and not bound by any instructions. As of 31 December 2023, two of the eight 
members of the Supervisory Board of Achmea did not comply with the independence criterion (principle 
2.1.8 of the Corporate Governance Code), because they are Executive Board or Supervisory Board members 
at an organisation holding more than 10% of the shares in Achmea. In fact, Mr. De Weijer is a member of 
the Board of Directors of Vereniging Achmea. Ms. Hofsté is a Supervisory Board member at Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. Both Vereniging Achmea and Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. hold more than 10% of 
Achmea’s shares. Principle 2.1.8 of the Corporate Governance Code should be taken in conjunction with 
principle 2.1.7, whereby 2.1.7 pertains to the criteria for guaranteeing independence of the Supervisory Board 
as a whole. The independence of the Supervisory Board is guaranteed and its composition complies with the 
criteria laid down in principle 2.1.7. Members of the Supervisory Board are nominated by the General 
Meeting based on their expertise and independence and take part in the meetings of the Supervisory Board 
without reference to or prior consultation with the parties which nominated them. Where appropriate, they

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
refrain from participating in deliberations or decision-making. Regarding the principle of determining the 
remuneration policy, the Supervisory Board determines the salary and the terms and conditions of 
employment of members of the Executive Board. The Achmea Remuneration Policy is also adopted by the 
Supervisory Board, after review by the Remuneration Committee. Achmea regards the fixing of the 
remuneration policy for the Executive Board as a matter for the Supervisory Board and therefore does not 
submit the matter to the General Meeting. The General Meeting is of course informed annually of the 
remuneration of the Executive Board members via sections in the annual report on this remuneration and via 
the annual Remuneration Report. The manner in which Achmea has adopted and embedded the Corporate 
Governance Code has been approved by the Supervisory Board. Likewise, Achmea’s current corporate 
governance structure was approved by the General Meeting. 
Achmea Code of Conduct 
Achmea aims to be a leader in terms of its own rules of conduct and in terms of anticipating current and new 
regulations. For example, Achmea has decided to have all employees take a special oath or affirmation for 
the financial industry, which is in line with Achmea’s cooperative identity. Active control, exercised to foster 
integrity and prevent integrity violations and fraud, limits any negative impact on trust, returns and the cost 
of claims. Achmea has therefore drawn up an Achmea Code of Conduct to ensure ethical conduct in 
accordance with Achmea’s values and standards. Achmea’s Code of Conduct is available at www.achmea.nl.  
By recording duties and responsibilities in the area of fraud, risk management and checks, the control over 
and limitation of fraud is secured. Should an ethics violation or incident of fraud nevertheless occur, this can 
be reported on a confidential basis. A whistleblower policy is in place for this purpose and available at 
www.achmea.nl. 
Agreement among the largest shareholders of Achmea 
Following strategic agreements between Rabobank, Vereniging Achmea and Achmea in 2011, parties have 
agreed that the business cooperation between Rabobank and Achmea shall be based on a preferential 
partnership rather than on exclusivity. Furthermore, adjustments have been made to the Articles of 
Association that require that certain decisions as explained below must have the approval of 80% of the votes 
in the General Meeting. 
Amongst others, the following decisions of the Executive Board of Achmea need the prior approval from the 
Supervisory Board and the General Meeting, where the General Meeting needs to resolve positively with a 
qualified majority of 80% of the votes and with observance of an 80% quorum: 
(i) 
crucial strategic resolutions that contain a fundamental change in course in the strategy of the 
company or changing the character of the company and/or affecting the interests of Rabobank 
materially including decisions to enter into or terminate strategic participations and/or lasting 
cooperation agreements; and 
(ii) 
the acquisition or the selling of interests or of assets if these have a financial impact of more than 
€ 500 million. 
In addition to the above, Rabobank has the right to nominate a member for appointment in Achmea's 
Supervisory Board. 
Executive Board 
Responsibilities and role in corporate governance 
The Executive Board is responsible for managing Achmea. This implies that the Executive Board is 
responsible for day-to-day business at Achmea and day-to-day business at the affiliated companies, for the 
accomplishment of company targets and for determining strategy and policy aimed at achieving these targets. 
The Executive Board maintains a set of regulations that govern the specific duties and activities of – and the 
division of duties between – the individual members, as well as the decision-making process within the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Executive Board. The Executive Board is required to inform the Supervisory Board of any fundamental 
differences of opinion between the Executive Board and the management of the companies or entities. There 
were no fundamental differences of opinion in 2023. Each board member is directly responsible for specific 
Achmea activities (for further reference, see the personal profiles of the members of the Executive Board), 
with clear reporting lines of divisional and staff directors. The entire Executive Board is involved in the risk 
management anchored in the organisation and policies and their implementation. Together with another 
member of the Executive Board, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Chief Risk Officer (CRO) sit on the 
Asset Liability Committee, which is chaired by the CFO. They also sit on the Group Risk Committee, which 
is chaired by the CRO. This facilitates improved short-term management of the balance sheet and also 
guarantees integral risk management at group level.  
The Executive Board members ensure that the interests of all parties that have dealings with Achmea, 
including customers, employees, partners and shareholders are considered in a balanced way. The Executive 
Board takes Achmea’s continuity, the corporate social environment in which Achmea operates and applicable 
regulations and codes into account when considering these interests. All members of the Executive Board 
have taken the oath or affirmation. Achmea uses the ‘stakeholders’ model, which ensures that overall 
management and decision-making are in line with the interests of customers, employees, (business) partners, 
sustainability, society and capital providers. This is all embedded in the strategy and identity of the Group 
and subsequently in the leadership profile, business plans and remuneration policy, and is also part of the 
considerations in every resolution adopted by the Executive Board. The formulation of objectives for the 
Executive Board and senior management is based on the Stakeholder Value Management model. The annual 
objectives have been ranked according to six different perspectives: customers, society, employees, partners, 
processes and financials. End responsibility for Achmea’s sustainability policy lies with the Executive Board. 
The Supervisory Board supervises this process. The Executive Board set up a programme called Achmea 
Sustainable Together, which implements Achmea’s sustainability activities. 
Composition and diversity  
Members of the Executive Board are appointed by the Supervisory Board on the non-binding nomination of 
Stichting Administratiekantoor Achmea (the holder of the A-share in Achmea B.V.). Executive Board 
members are selected based on their proven experience and competencies in the financial services industry. 
The members of the Executive Board provide a good mix of specific insurance experience (health, non-life, 
pension & life) and experience in the public/retail market (healthcare, pensions), the various distribution 
channels (direct, broker and bancassurance) and areas such as Finance, IT and HR. As of 31 December 2023, 
the Executive Board was comprised of six members, three men and three women. Achmea aims to establish 
a good male/female ratio on the Executive Board. In addition to the aim of maintaining a balance in the 
Executive Board’s skills while ensuring that newly appointed members have the necessary experience of 
insurance, finance and risk, improving gender diversity is always included in the considerations. In successor 
planning for the Executive Board and the management level immediately below it, the advancement of 
women to top positions remains a priority in each vacancy. In this, maintaining and strengthening the right 
mix of skills remain the key decisive factors in the selection process. The organisation also places focus on 
cultural diversity. 
The overview below reflects the composition of the Executive Board as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
including relevant other positions of each member (at board level excluding (sub-)committees).  
B.E.M. 
Tetteroo 
(Chairperson) 
 
• 
Vice Chairperson of the board Dutch Association of Insurers (Verbond 
van Verzekeraars) 
• 
Member of the board Achmea Foundation 
• 
Member of the board Garanti Emeklilik - Turkey Member of the board 
NCR 
• 
Member of the board Eurapco 
• 
Member of the board VNO-NCW

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
M.A.N. Lamie (CFO, 
vice-chairperson) 
 
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board Achmea Reinsurance Company 
N.V.  
• 
Member of the board Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V.  
• 
Member of the board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.  
• 
Member of the supervisory board Koninklijke De Heus 
 
L.T. Suur 
 
• 
Member of the board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.  
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Reinsurance Company N.V.  
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board N.V. Hagelunie 
• 
Member of the board Achmea Innovation Fund 
• 
Member of the supervisory board InShared  
• 
Vice Chairperson of the board of Directors Interamerican - Greece 
• 
Chairperson of the Non-Life Insurance sector management board the 
Dutch Association of Insurers (Verbond van Verzekeraars)  
• 
Vice Chairperson of the board Motor Guarantee Fund (Waarborgfonds 
Motorverkeer)  
• 
Vice Chairperson of the board Green Card Bureau (Nederlands Bureau 
Motorrijtuigverzekeraars)  
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board Dutch Terrorism Claims 
Reinsurance Company (Nederlandse Herverzekeringsmaatschappij 
voor Terrorismeschaden N.V.) 
• 
Chairperson consultation VvV/NVGA 
 
M.G. Delfos (CRO)  
 
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board Nederlandse Pool voor 
verzekering van atoomrisico's (Atoompool) 
• 
Member of the CRO Forum 
 
R. Otto 
 
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board InShared  
• 
Chairperson of the board of directors Eureko Sigorta – Turkey 
• 
Chairperson of the board of directors Interamerican– Greece  
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board Union – Slovakia  
• 
Member of the supervisory board Onlia – Canada  
• 
Senior officer outside Achmea Australia and chairperson supervisory 
board Achmea Australia 
• 
Member of the board ICMIF 
• 
Member of the board AMICE (Association of Mutual Insurers and 
Insurance Cooperatives in Europe) 
• 
Member of the council board iFHP (International Federation of Health 
Plans) 
 
• 
Member of the board Thuiswinkel.org   
• 
Member of the supervisory board Thuiswinkel B.V.  
 
 
D. de Kluis 
 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & 
Finance B.V. 
• 
Member of the board Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V.  
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board Achmea Investment Management 
B.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Bank N.V. 
 
Supervisory Board 
Responsibilities and role in corporate governance  
The role of the Supervisory Board is to supervise the policies of the Executive Board and the general affairs 
of the company and its affiliated business. It advises the Executive Board. In discharging their duties, the

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
members of the Supervisory Board shall be guided by the interests of the company and its affiliated business. 
Supervisory Board approval is required for major business-related decisions, such as the transfer of a 
substantial part of the company’s operations, entering into or terminating a long-term partnership, major 
participations and investments, and termination of the employment or substantial change in the working 
conditions of a significant number of employees. This applies irrespective of the fact that fundamental and 
large-scale strategic changes or investments must be approved by both the Supervisory Board and the General 
Meeting in which at least 80% of the issued share capital is present or represented and in which meeting the 
resolution is adopted with a majority of votes cast such that this majority includes at least 80% of the total of 
votes to be casted by holders of ordinary shares in a General Meeting if the whole issued ordinary share 
capital would be present or represented. The Supervisory Board and its individual members have a 
responsibility to obtain all relevant information required to perform their duties. These requirements are 
communicated to the chair of the Supervisory Board. Information sources are usually the Executive Board, 
the Company Secretary, the Risk and Compliance function, HR, Internal Audit and the external auditor. 
However, if deemed appropriate by the Supervisory Board, information can also be obtained from corporate 
officers and external advisers who can be invited to attend Supervisory Board meetings or provide continuing 
education. The Supervisory Board consists of members who, even if they are nominated by shareholders or 
the Central Works Council, act in the interest of the company as a whole in the performance of their duties. 
All members of the Supervisory Board participate in meetings with no reference to or prior consultation with 
the parties that nominated them. All members of the Supervisory Board have sworn the oath or affirmation. 
Composition and diversity  
The composition of the Supervisory Board and nominations in the event of vacancies reflect the cooperative 
shareholder structure and employee participation through Achmea’s Central Works Council. The size of the 
Supervisory Board was set at a maximum of 10 members on the proposal of the holder of the A share; the 
nominations of the major shareholders were also aligned to that number. Vereniging Achmea is authorised 
to nominate candidates for four seats on the Supervisory Board. As the indirect holder of the A share, 
Vereniging Achmea also has the right to appoint the chair from among the members of the Supervisory Board. 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. can put forward a candidate for a single seat. Gothaer Allgemeine Versicherung 
AG, Gothaer Finanzholding AG and Schweizerische Mobiliar Versicherungsgesellschaft A.G. have the right 
to jointly nominate one candidate The Central Works Council will appoint three members of the Supervisory 
Board. This arrangement is in keeping with the legal framework of the Central Works Council’s right of 
recommendation. In principle, every member of the Supervisory Board attends a meeting of the Central 
Works Council at least once a year. The General Meeting appoints and reappoints members of the Supervisory 
Board on the formal recommendation of the Supervisory Board. All the proposed changes to the composition 
of the Supervisory Board are discussed with the Central Works Council. As of 31 December 2023, the 
Supervisory Board had eight members: five men and three women. In filling a vacancy, the aim is to maintain 
a balanced mix of skills in the Supervisory Board while at the same time ensuring that the newly appointed 
Supervisory Board member also has the required knowledge and experience laid down in the profile. 
Members of the Supervisory Board are selected and appointed based on a profile of the required professional 
background, education, local and international experience, skills, diversity and independence. The current 
composition of the Supervisory Board is such that the mix of experience and expertise present allows the 
members to fulfil their obligations. In addition to diversity in terms of knowledge, expertise and age, there is 
also gender diversity. Achmea therefore meets the legal target for male/female diversity in the Supervisory 
Board. All members of the Supervisory Board are in compliance with the Management and Supervision of 
Legal Entities Act in terms of the number of supervisory board memberships that they hold. The overview 
below reflects the composition of the Supervisory Board as at the date of this Base Prospectus, including 
relevant other positions of each member (at board level excluding (sub-)committees).  
J. van den Berg 
(chairperson) 
 
 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V. 
and its subsidiaries 
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board Achmea Pensioen- en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen 
N.V. 
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board MyTomorrows

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
• 
Member of the board Oranjefonds 
• 
Advisor ministry of healthcare (MOH), Singapore 
• 
Member of the board Diabetesfonds 
 
W.H. de Weijer (vice-
chairperson) 
• 
Chairperson of the supervisory board Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V. 
and its subsidiaries 
• 
Vice 
Chairperson 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
Achmea 
Schadeverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Vice Chairperson of the supervisory board Achmea Pensioen- en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the board Vereniging Achmea 
• 
Member of the board Stichting Continuiteit Achmea 
• 
Member of the supervisory board ADG Dienstengroep B.V. 
• 
Director / Owner W. de Weijer, board advice 
 
R.th. Wijmenga 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
Achmea 
Pensioen- 
en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Reinsurance Company N.V. 
• 
Chairperson of the Philips Pensioen Fonds 
 
P.H.M. Hofsté 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
Achmea 
Pensioen- 
en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Investment Management 
B.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Rabobank 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Koninklijke FrieslandCampina N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Pon Holdings B.V. 
• 
Chairperson of the board of Stichting Nyenrode 
• 
Chairperson of the board of Vereniging Hendrick de Keyser 
• 
Chairperson of the board of Stichting Capital Amsterdam 
• 
Member of the advisory board vereniging Women in Financial 
Services Netherlands 
• 
Member of the advisory board SER Topvrouwen.nl 
• 
Member of the board Stichting Radix Nederland 
• 
Member of the board Impact Economy Foundation 
• 
Member of the Commissie Financiële Verslaggeving & Accountancy 
of the Dutch Authority on Financial Markets (AFM) 
 
M.A. Kloosterman 
 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
Achmea 
Pensioen- 
en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board N.V. Hagelunie 
• 
Investor director Cerberus Global Investments B.V. 
 
M.R. van Dongen 
 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
Achmea 
Pensioen- 
en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Bank N.V.  
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V. 
and its subsidiaries  
• 
Member of the supervisory board of Centraal Beheer PPI N.V. 
• 
Vice Chairperson of the supervisory board Kadaster

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
• 
Vice Chairperson of the supervisory board Optiver Holding B.V. 
• 
Vice Chairperson of the supervisory board Mollie B.V. 
• 
Non-executive director QEV Technologies 
• 
Independent chair advisory council uMunthu Investment Company 
fund – Goodwell Investments B.V. 
• 
Senior Advisor BlackFin Capital Partners 
• 
Member of the supervisory board of Het Balletorkest 
  
T.R. Bercx 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
Achmea 
Pensioen- 
en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Stichting “Help Ze Thuiskomen” 
• 
Member of the supervisory board ProRail 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Prinses Máxima Centrum 
 
E.C. Meijer  
(per 25 July 2023) 
• 
Member of the supervisory board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
Achmea 
Pensioen- 
en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. 
• 
Member of the supervisory board of PostNL 
• 
Chairperson of the board Stichting De Volkskrant 
• 
Co-founder and partner of Stichting De Buitenboordmotor 
All members of the Executive and Supervisory Board elect domicile at Achmea B.V., Handelsweg 2 (3707 
NH), the Netherlands. 
At present there are no conflicts or potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the Executive Board 
and/or the Supervisory Board of Achmea and their private interests and/or other duties of members of the 
Executive Board and/or the Supervisory Board of Achmea. Members of the Executive Board and/or 
Supervisory Board may, however, obtain financial services from the Group. Further, internal rules are in 
place for the situation in which a conflict of interest should arise. 
Shareholders and shareholders’ meetings 
Shareholders  
The majority of Achmea’s shareholders are non-listed European organisations with cooperative roots.  
Customers in the Netherlands are directly represented by Achmea’s largest shareholder, Vereniging Achmea, 
directly and indirectly through Stichting Administratie-Kantoor Achmea (STAK Achmea). Vereniging 
Achmea holds the depositary receipts issued by STAK Achmea for the ordinary shares held by STAK 
Achmea in the capital of Achmea B.V. As of 31 December 2023, STAK Achmea’s board consisted of the 
two deputy chairs of Vereniging Achmea and two directors of Vereniging Achmea. The prior approval of 
Vereniging Achmea’s board is required for the adoption of important resolutions by STAK Achmea. In 
certain cases, the prior approval of Vereniging Achmea’s Council of Members is also required. As of 31 
December 2023, Vereniging Achmea owns – partly through STAK Achmea – a total of 66.94% of the 
ordinary shares in the capital of Achmea BV. Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., Achmea’s second largest 
shareholder, is likewise a cooperative organisation. As of 31 December 2023, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
owns a total of 31.14% of the ordinary shares in the capital of Achmea BV.  Other shareholders, which as of 
31 December 2023 jointly hold 1.92% of the ordinary shares in the capital of Achmea B.V., are Gothaer 
Allgemeine 
Versicherung 
AG, 
Gothaer 
Finanzholding 
AG 
and 
Schweizerische 
Mobiliar 
Versicherungsgesellschaft A.G. Gothaer Allgemeine Versicherung AG, Gothaer Finanzholding AG and 
Schweizerische Mobiliar Versicherungsgesellschaft A.G. are members of the Eurapco alliance of 
independent European financial services providers (see www.eurapco.com for further information). Until  31 
December 2023, 5.98% of Achmea’s total outstanding share capital consisted of preference shares held by 
Achmea Tussenholding B.V. All (ordinary) shares in Achmea Tussenholding B.V. were held by Stichting

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Administratiekantoor Achmea Tussenholding, which in turn had issued depositary receipts to investors. 
Those investors therefore received the dividend paid by Achmea on the preference shares. They did not have 
the right to vote in Achmea’s General Meeting: this right was held by Achmea Tussenholding B.V. In the 
Extraordinary General Meeting of 21 December 2023, the decision was made to withdraw the preference 
shares in Achmea B.V. as of 31 December 2023 and Achmea Tussenholding B.V. was no longer a shareholder 
as of that moment. As of the same moment, the (ordinary) shares in Achmea Tussenholding B.V. were also 
withdrawn. As a result, the claim rights linked to this and held by the investors (in the form of depositary 
receipts for shares) were also terminated on 2 January 2024 (as at the time of the payment obligation to the 
investors). On 31 December 2023, in line with the proposal of the Executive Board and after approval by the 
General Meeting on 21 December 2023, Achmea finalised the resolution to withdraw all outstanding 
preference shares on 31 December 2023. The withdrawal of the preference shares was accompanied by a 
repayment of € 356 million and a dividend payment of € 20 million (both sums rounded) to the holders of 
preference shares in January 2024. These were held indirectly by various banks and other institutional 
investors. The pro forma impact of the withdrawal on the solvency as of 31 December 2023 is 6 percentage 
points. The impact on the relative shareholdings is limited. 
 
 
The shareholder structure of the Group is as follows as of 31 December 2023.  
 
Voting and capital rights 
Vereniging Achmea (directly and via STAK)11 
66.94% 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
31.14% 
Gothaer Allgemeine Versicherung AG 
0.55% 
Gothaer Finanzholding AG 
0.63% 
Schweizerische Mobiliar Versicherungsgesellschaft A.G. 
0.74% 
Audit & Risk Committee  
The “Audit & Risk Committee” is a committee of the Supervisory Board and consists of at least three 
members of the Supervisory Board (the Audit & Risk Committee). The Audit & Risk Committee currently 
consists of Mr R.Th. Wijmenga (chairman), Ms M.R. van Dongen and Ms P.H.M. Hofsté. It meets at least 
seven times a year, next to at least one meeting a year with solely the external auditors. The external auditors 
may request an additional meeting if they consider this necessary without management being present. 
Meetings of the Audit & Risk Committee are usually attended by the CFO, the CRO and the director of 
Internal Audit. At the Chairperson’s request, the directors of Finance, Compliance and Risk Management are 
invited to discuss the agenda items relevant to them. Specialists may be invited to attend part of the meeting 
for discussions on specific topics. 
Responsibilities and duties 
The Audit & Risk Committee advises the Supervisory Board in fulfilling its supervising responsibilities. 
Therefore the Audit & Risk Committee reviews, amongst others: 
(i) 
(the integrity of) the Group's financial reporting process; 
(ii) 
the Group's actuarial reporting and modelling; 
(iii) 
the effectiveness of the Group's internal controls; 
(iv) 
the Group's risk management processes; 
 
11  
Vereniging Achmea owns 9.17% directly and 57.77% indirectly through Stichting Administratie-Kantoor Achmea.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(v) 
the effectiveness of the compliance processes with regard to regulatory issues; 
(vi) 
the external audit processes; and 
(vii) any other matters as directed by the Supervisory Board. 
Share capital 
The authorised share capital as at 31 December 2023 comprises of 2,103,943,009 ordinary shares and 1 A 
share. The issued share capital as at 31 December 2023 is € 410,820,174 and consists of 410,820,173 ordinary 
shares and 1 A share. On 31 December 2023, the preference shares were withdrawn. All issued shares are 
fully paid up12. 
The largest shareholder of the ordinary shares and holder of the A share of Achmea is Vereniging Achmea 
(directly and through Stichting Administratie-Kantoor Achmea, the shareholder that has issued depository 
receipts for shares to Vereniging Achmea), holding 66.94% of the voting rights. 
There are special rights attached to the A share. Certain shareholder resolutions require the approval of the 
holder of the A share, as further set out in the Articles of Association, and including, without limitation, 
resolutions relating to the share capital of Achmea, mergers and the dissolution. 
Each of the holders of ordinary shares and the A share are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time 
to time as well as to distributions upon liquidation of Achmea. The ordinary shares and the A share carry 
identical financial rights and each of these shares is entitled to one vote at the General Meetings. In addition, 
the A share is entitled to the special rights described above. 
The Articles of Association contain the following provisions regarding appropriation of results. The result 
will be appropriated pursuant to Article 34 of the Articles of Association and the provisions of this article can 
be summarised as follows: 
o 
The profit shall be at the disposal of the General Meeting; 
o 
Profit may only be distributed to shareholders and other persons entitled to distributable profits to the 
extent that its equity exceeds the total amount of its issued share capital and the reserves to be 
maintained pursuant to the law. The distribution of profit must be approved by the Executive Board. 
The latter will only withhold its approval if it is aware that, or should reasonably be able to anticipate 
that, the company, upon payment, will not be able to continue paying its due and payable debts; 
o 
In line with the proposal of the Executive Board and after approval by the General Meeting on 21 
December 2023, a new dividend policy was adopted by the General Meeting starting from the financial 
year 2023; and 
o 
In the new dividend policy, the proposed dividend will be based on a market-based annual dividend 
yield of 7% of the calculated value of Achmea. The Executive Board may offer Achmea’s shareholders 
a choice between a (partial or whole) cash dividend or in the form of ordinary shares of Achmea. The 
new policy offers Achmea’s shareholders a more stable dividend and increases Achmea’s financial 
flexibility. The new dividend policy applies to the financial years 2023, 2024 and 2025. After this 
period, the dividend policy will be reassessed by Achmea. 
 
 
 
 
12 All with a nominal value of € 1,-.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Contingent liabilities in respect of shares subject to a put option and agreements 
Under the terms of the Assignment of Put Option Agreements concluded on 30 May 2005, upon exercise of 
their put option, a number of minority shareholders of Achmea (then known as Eureko B.V.) have the right 
to sell all or part of their shares to a third party. Achmea’s contractual obligation to repurchase the shares, in 
case of exercise of a put option by a minority shareholder, has been taken over by the relevant third party. 
When a put option is subsequently exercised and the offered shares are transferred to this third party, a group 
company designated by Achmea (Achmea entity) has the obligation to enter into a derivative transaction 
with that third party. Upon entering into this transaction, the Achmea entity pays to that third party as buyer 
of the shares an upfront amount that is equal to the purchase price owed by this buyer to the selling shareholder 
under the put option in question and that is determined in the manner stipulated in the contract. The value of 
the outstanding put options will be determined between buyer and seller upon exercise or transfer and cannot 
be accurately determined as at the balance sheet date. Based on the number of outstanding put options, the 
value of the upfront amount is expected to be in the range of € 60 million and € 75 million. 
Through the derivative transaction, part of the risk of change in value of the shares is taken over by the 
Achmea entity from the third party. 
Purpose / ESG strategy 
The purpose of Achmea’s ESG strategy is “Sustainable Living. Together”. Achmea’s ambition is to create 
sustainable value for its customers, its employees, the company and society. Achmea does this based on its 
mission to solve major social issues together. In doing so, Achmea focusses on four domains:  
1. bringing healthcare closer; 
2. smart mobility;  
3. carefree living & working; and 
4. income for today and tomorrow.  
 
These domains are aligned with Achmea’s activities and competencies. Within these domains Achmea 
periodically select a number of tangible social issues for closer scrutiny. Here, Achmea targets issues that 
affect large numbers of people and have a significant impact.  
Achmea adopts a visible position on the selected social issues from its four strong brands Interpolis, Zilveren 
Kruis, Centraal Beheer and Achmea. Achmea enters into dialogue with its customers and partners and 
challenges itself to come up with solutions. Accordingly, Achmea strives to contribute to achieving the United 
Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). These 17 SDGs form the ‘2030 Agenda for Sustainable 
Development’. Achmea focuses on 3 SDGs that are closely related to the four domains. These are SDG 3 
(Good health and well-being), SDG 11 (Sustainable cities and communities) and SDG 13 (Climate Action).  
Climate Change  
For Achmea, climate change is a key sustainability theme containing major social, economic and financial 
challenges. Achmea is committed to achieving CO2-neutral business operations in 2030, CO2-neutral 
corporate investments in 2040 and a CO2-neutral insurance portfolio in 2050. It is within this context that 
Achmea has joined the “Forum for Insurance Transition to net-zero” and committed to a transition pathway 
to CO2 neutrality. 
Achmea has formulated a strategy for climate-related issues that is made up of four building blocks:  
1. Improving knowledge and understanding of the risks relating to climate change by monitoring 
developments and conducting research into their impact. Achmea incorporates the insights from climate 
risks into risk management frameworks, such as catastrophe risk, by translating these insights into the 
models that Achmea uses to define insurance risks and subsequently applying them within the 
reinsurance program.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
2. Creating awareness of the risks of climate change by conducting dialogue with customers and society, 
for example through the Climate Adaptation Monitor.  
3. Developing propositions and services for Achmea’s customers in order to restrict climate-related damage 
or loss (adaptation) and help them reduce their carbon footprint (mitigation).  
4. Achieving CO2-neutral business operations by 2030 and reducing the climate footprint of Achmea’s 
insurance, banking and investment portfolio, as well as fostering the energy transition through Achmea’s 
investments, mortgage loans and insurance offerings.  
ESG governance 
End responsibility for Achmea’s sustainability policy and corresponding climate-related issues lies with the 
Executive Board. The Supervisory Board supervises this process. In 2021, the Executive Board set up the 
“Achmea Sustainable Together” programme to implement Achmea’s sustainability ambitions and 
corresponding plans and activities, including climate-related issues. The programme has separate workflows 
for the individual activities, among others: (1) Insurance and services, (2) Investing and financing and (3) 
Own internal operations. In addition, there are separate workflows for Achmea’s foreign entities and for 
creating internal mobility. All the relevant segments are represented in the workflows. Each workflow has 
defined long-term ambitions and translated these into annual targets and activities. Responsibility for each 
workflow lies with a member of the Achmea Directors’ Council. The programme is under the direction of a 
programme board (the Programme Board). This supervises implementation of the sustainability ambitions 
and monitors progress on these. The Programme Board, which comprises the workflow chairs, directors of a 
number of segments and two members of the Executive Board, takes decisions on sustainability policy and 
plans. The CRO heads the Programme Board on behalf of the Executive Board and reports to it on a quarterly 
basis. All impactful decisions made by the Programme Board are presented to the Executive Board for 
adoption. A range of consultative bodies advises on and supports the implementation of the workflows. In 
addition, the “Sustainability Laws and Legislation Steering Committee” helps to ensure Achmea’s timely 
compliance with (future) legislation governing sustainability.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
2023 Financial results 
Group results - Key figures 
 
 
(€ million, unless 
otherwise stated) 
RESULTS 
2023 
202213 
∆ 
Non-Life Netherlands 
309 
258 
20% 
Pension & Life Netherlands 
208 
307 
-32%% 
Retirement Services 
47 
-3 
n.m.** 
International activities 
6 
-20 
n.m.** 
Other activities 
-129 
-212 
n.m.** 
Operational result14 excluding Health Netherlands 
441 
330 
34% 
Health Netherlands 
187 
189 
-1% 
  of which Basic Health Insurance 
79 
64 
23% 
  of which Supplementary Health Insurance and other 
108 
125 
-14% 
Operational result including Health Netherlands 
628 
519 
21% 
Non-operational result 
326 
-1,574 
n.m.** 
Result before tax 
954* 
-1,05* 
n.m.** 
Corporate income tax expenses 
140* 
-247* 
n.m.** 
Net result 
814* 
-808* 
n.m.** 
 
 
 
 
Gross operating expenses15 
2,375 
2,175 
9% 
 
 
 
 
Non-Life Netherlands 
4,044 
3,881 
4% 
Health Netherlands 
15,571 
14,790 
5% 
Pension & Life Netherlands 
819 
813 
1% 
International activities 
1,756 
1,453 
21% 
Gross written premiums16 
22,333 
21,088 
6% 
 
 
 
 
BALANCE SHEET 
31-12-2023 31-12-2022 
∆ 
Total assets 
77,718* 
76,735* 
1% 
Total equity 
8,980* 
8,597* 
4% 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT (IN € BILLION) 
31-12-2023 31-12-2022 
∆ 
Achmea Investment Management 
190 
166 
14% 
Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance 
41 
41 
0% 
Total Assets under Management** 
218 
194 
12% 
 
 
 
 
SOLVENCY II 
31-12-2023 31-12-2022 
∆ 
Solvency ratio after dividend17 
183% 
209% 
-26 pp 
Solvency ratio insurance entities and holding company 
196% 
219% 
-23 pp 
Solvency ratio asset management and other 
221% 
222% 
-1 pp 
 
13 Recalculated in accordance with IFRS 9/17 and new definition of operational result. 
14 Operational result is equal to the result before tax adjusted for reorganisation expenses, results from mergers & acquisitions and application of an 
expected return method for the net financial result from (re)insurance activities. Using this method, Achmea bases its calculations on the expected 
market rates at the start of the year and normalised returns on investments in equity and investment property. The same market rates are also used to 
determine the discount curve and provision for accrual of Achmea’s insurance liabilities when calculating the operational result. 
15 Gross operating expenses comprise personnel costs, depreciation costs for property for own use and equipment and general expenses, including IT 
expenses and marketing expenses. 
16 Please note that the total of the gross written premiums includes 403 (2022: 377) other activities and -260 (2022: -226) inter segment eliminations. 
Gross written premiums (or premiums) for Property & Casualty insurance (with the exception of disability insurance contracts) and Health insurance 
relate to insurance contracts with starting dates during the reporting period and comprise the contractual premiums throughout the entire contract 
period. The gross written premiums for Health insurance also include the contribution from the Health Insurance Equalisation Fund. The contract 
period is the period during which Achmea is unable to (entirely) adjust the premiums or the insurance policy conditions for the changed risk profile 
of policyholders. For the other insurance contracts, the amount of gross written premiums is equal to the premiums owed or earned during the contract 
period.  
17 The solvency ratios reported here are based on a Partial Internal Model and are after the deduction of (planned) payment of dividends and coupons 
on hybrid capital.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio Achmea Bank 
16.9% 
18.2% 
-1.3 pp 
 
 
 
 
RATINGS 
31-12-2023 31-12-2022 
 
S&P (Financial Strength Rating) 
A (Stable) 
A (Stable) 
Unchanged 
Fitch (Insurer Financial Strength) 
A+ (Stable) 
A+ (Stable) 
Unchanged 
 
 
 
 
EMPLOYEES IN THE NETHERLANDS AND ABROAD18 
31-12-2023 31-12-2022 
∆ 
FTEs Netherlands 
14,271 
14,075 
1% 
FTEs International 
3,508 
3,451 
2% 
Total FTEs 
17,779 
17,526 
1% 
 
*Audited 
**n. m.: not meaningful 
***Total Assets under Management after eliminations  
Overview of Group Results 
Transition to new accounting standards 
For the first time, in the financial year 2023 Achmea is reporting its results in accordance with the new IFRS 
9 and IFRS 17 accounting standards. Under these IFRS 9/17 standards, the value changes of both the 
investments and the liabilities deriving from changes to e.g. interest rates and equity and real estate prices are 
recognised in the income statement. This impact was largely included under equity under IAS 39/IFRS 4 and 
therefore had less of an effect on the net result. 
As a result, movements on the financial markets can cause greater volatility in the result under IFRS 9/17. In 
order to maintain focus and control on the underlying development of the results, Achmea has chosen to focus 
on the operating result, based on an 'expected return' methodology for determining the financial results. This 
means that volatility from market movements is recognised in the non-operational result. In the expected 
return method market rates at the start of the year and normalised returns on investments in equities and 
investment property are used. The same market rates are used to determine the discount curve and provision 
for accrual of Achmea’s insurance liabilities when calculating the operational result. In addition, the 
operational result is adjusted for reorganisation expenses and transaction results from mergers and 
acquisitions. These adjustments enable the operational result to accurately reflect Achmea’s underlying 
financial performance. 
Under the adjusted financial indicators the results will give comparable through-the-cycle outcomes, whereby 
Achmea maintains its ambitions for 2025. 
The comparative figures for 2022 have been adjusted accordingly. Recognition of the market value 
developments of the investments and the insurance liability in the income statement under IFRS 9/17 leads 
to a substantially lower net result over 2022 as compared to IAS 39/IFRS 4. Exceptional market conditions, 
including the sharply higher interest rates, spreads and lower equity prices, had a significant negative impact 
on the result in 2022 under IFRS 9/17. By using the expected return method, the operational result is 
significantly less sensitive to extreme market conditions. 
For more information regarding the transition to IFRS 9/17, please refer to Note 34 (“Notes on the transition 
to IFRS 9/17”) in the section “Notes to the consolidated Financial Statements Achmea B.V.” (set forth on 
pages on page 271 of the Annual Report 2023). 
Operational result 
The operational result increased strongly to € 628 million in 2023 (2022: € 519 million). This was driven by 
an improvement in the operational result excluding Health Netherlands, which increased to € 441 million 
 
18 The number of FTEs is based on a working week of 34 hours.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(2022: € 330 million). The result at Health Netherlands was more or less stable. The operational insurance 
service result excluding Health Netherlands amounted to € 287 million (2022: € 301 million). 
 
OPERATIONAL RESULT 
 
(€ MILLION) 
 
2023 
2022* 
∆ 
Operational result excluding Health Netherlands  
441  
330  
111  
Operational insurance service result excl. Health Netherlands  
287  
301  
-14  
Net operational financial result excl. Health Netherlands  
278  
312  
-34  
Other results excl. Health Netherlands  
-124  
-283  
159  
Operational result1 Health Netherlands  
187  
189  
-2  
Operational insurance service result Health Netherlands  
32  
184  
-152  
Net operational financial result Health Netherlands  
147  
3  
144  
Other results Health Netherlands  
8  
2  
6  
Operational result including Health Netherlands  
628  
519  
109  
* Recalculated in accordance with IFRS 9/17 and new definition of operational result 
There was a significant increase in the operational insurance service result at Non-Life and Achmea 
Reinsurance. At Non-Life Netherlands, this increase was supported by premium growth and further 
investments in digitalisation. In addition, higher interest rates and lower inflation expectations had a positive 
impact. Compared to 2022, there were no major storm-related claims in 2023. However, Achmea is seeing 
more weather-related claims and at car insurance a higher cost of claims due to increased traffic intensity, 
resulting in higher bodily injury and other claims. At Income Protection the result has improved due to a 
lower cost of claims in the disability insurance portfolio. The increase at Achmea Reinsurance was driven by 
the lower impact from catastrophe-related claims, especially on Achmea’s reinsurance portfolio for third-
party risk, and also by implemented price adjustments and margin improvements. At Pension & Life 
Netherlands the insurance service result declined because of an allocation to the provision arising from the 
settlement reached with the interest groups for unit-linked policyholders.  
The insurance service result at Health Netherlands was lower due to higher healthcare costs in the current 
underwriting year and a negative effect on the result for previous years deriving from the impact from the 
outcome of the solidarity scheme related to Covid-19. 
Achmea’s net operational financial result increased to € 425 million (2022: € 315 million). This was driven 
mainly by an increase within Health Netherlands due to higher interest rates and spread widening on fixed 
income investments. 
Other results improved to € 116 million negative (2022: € 281 million negative). This result is negative as it 
includes amongst others the expenses of the holding and shared service activities, as well as the financing 
charges for the bonds issued by Achmea. The operational result for the holding company improved versus 
last year, in part because of higher investment income and the higher valuation for a divested property. 
At Retirement Services the result increased in 2023, thanks to growth in the mortgage portfolio at Achmea 
Bank and an improved interest margin. The result at the other parts of Retirement Services was impacted by 
further investment in the organisation and systems for the implementation of the new pension legislation. 
Negative developments in the real estate market (lower valuations) are also adversely affecting the result. 
Result before tax 
 
2023 
2022** 
∆ 
Operational result  
628  
519  
109  
Non-operational result  
326  
-1,574  
1,900  
Non-operational financial result  
344  
-1,531  
1,875  
Reorganisation expenses  
-14*  
-14*  
0  
Transaction results (mergers and acquisitions)  
-4*  
-29*  
25  
Result before tax  
954*  
-1,055*  
2,009

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
* Audited 
** Recalculated in accordance with IFRS 9/17 and new definition of operational result 
The non-operational result amounted to € 326 million in 2023 (2022: € 1,574 million negative). 
The non-operational financial result from (re)insurance activities was € 1.9 billion higher in 2023 than in 
2022. This higher result derives from the positive trends on the financial markets in 2023 compared to the 
exceptionally negative development of financial markets in 2022. In 2022, the 5-year European swap rate 
increased by 321 bps to 3.23%, while yields on government bonds displayed similar increases. The MSCI 
World index dropped by nearly 20% in 2022. 
The return on real estate, including property investment funds, decreased to € 121 million negative in 2023 
(2022: € 37 million positive) as a result of market value developments, in part due to higher interest rates. 
This negative effect in 2023 was offset in full by the higher returns on the other asset classes. The return on 
equities and similar instruments was € 173 million positive in 2023 (2022: € 136 million negative), which 
resulted in the total return on these investments exceeding the expected return. 
The difference between the impact of developments in interest rates and spreads on Achmea’s fixed income 
investments on the one hand and the liabilities relating to insurance contracts on the other improved in 2023 
versus 2022. The positive interest rate effect can be explained by the fact that (long-term) interest rates and 
spreads barely changed in 2023, while exceptional market conditions in 2022 had a significant negative 
impact on the result under IFRS 9/17. This resulted in a higher non-operational financial result in 2023. 
Reorganisation expenses and the transaction result from mergers and acquisitions added up to € 18 million 
negative over 2023 (2022: € 43 million negative). 
Net result 
 
The net result amounted to € 814 million in 2023 (2022: € 808 million negative). The effective tax expenses 
were € 140 million (14.7%). The effective tax rate is lower than the nominal tax rate, mainly as a result of 
the deduction of the interest payments on perpetual bonds of which the interest expenses are recognised 
through equity and the tax exempt revenues of Achmea’s Health business. 
Revenues 
 
GROSS WRITTEN PREMIUMS IN THE NETHERLANDS AND ABROAD 
 
(€ MILLION) 
 
2023 
2022 
∆ 
Gross written premiums  
22,333  
21,088  
6%  
Non-Life Netherlands  
4,044  
3,881  
4%  
Health Netherlands  
15,571  
14,790  
5%  
Pension & Life Netherlands  
819  
813  
1%  
International activities  
1,756  
1,453  
21%  
 
Gross written premiums increased by 6% to € 22,333 million in 2023 (2022: € 21,088 million). 
Premiums at Non-Life Netherlands grew by 4% to € 4,044 million (2022: € 3,881 million) due to autonomous 
growth and indexation of premiums and insured values. At Achmea’s international non-life business, 
premiums increased by 22% to € 849 million (2022: € 696 million). 
Premiums within Health Netherlands increased by 5% to € 15,571 million (2022: € 14,790 million) thanks to 
higher premiums caused by healthcare costs inflation and a higher contribution from the Health Insurance

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Equalisation Fund while the number of insured decreased. Premiums from Achmea’s international health 
business grew by 21% to € 862 million (2022: € 714 million), largely owing to growth in Slovakia. 
Gross written premiums from pension and life insurance policies both in the Netherlands and internationally 
increased by 1% to € 864 million (2022: € 856 million). 
At Retirement Services, revenues grew by 21% to € 490 million in 2023 (2022: € 404 million), mostly as a 
result of the higher interest margin at Achmea Bank. Assets under management at Achmea Investment 
Management grew to € 190 billion (year-end 2022: € 166 billion) thanks to new inflow and positive 
developments on the financial markets. Assets under management at Syntrus Achmea remained unchanged 
at € 41 billion (year-end 2022: € 41 billion) despite lower real estate valuations. 
Gross operating expenses 
The gross operating expenses that are allocated to the insurance activities are recognised under the expenses 
from insurance-related services. The part of operating expenses that are not allocated to the insurance 
activities and operating expenses from the other activities are recognised under Operating expenses in the 
income statement. 
 
TOTAL GROSS OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
(€ MILLION) 
 
2023 
2022 
∆ 
Related to insurance activities6  
1,764*  
1,652*  
7%  
Related to non-insurance activities  
611  
523  
17%  
Gross operating expenses  
2,375  
2,175  
9%  
*Audited 
 
 
 
Gross operating expenses increased by 9% to € 2,375 million in 2023 (2022: € 2,175 million). This increase 
relates to strategic investments and portfolio growth, higher personnel costs, inflation together with the impact 
of laws and regulations. The higher personnel expenses derive from wage increases under the collective 
labour agreement and the higher number of FTEs. 
The total number of employees grew slightly to 17,779 FTEs (year-end 2022: 17,526 FTEs). In the 
Netherlands, the number of FTEs increased to 14,271 (year-end 2022: 14,075 FTEs) due to acquisitions and 
portfolio growth. The total number of employees outside the Netherlands remained fairly stable at 3,508 FTEs 
(year-end 2022: 3,451 FTEs). 
Capital management - Total equity 
Achmea’s equity increased by € 383 million to € 8,980 million in 2023 (year-end 2022: € 8,597 million). 
This is driven by the net result in 2023, dividend payments and the withdrawal of preference shares as of 31 
December 2023. 
 
DEVELOPMENT OF TOTAL EQUITY 
(€ MILLION) 
Total equity 31.12.2022**  
8,597*  
Net result  
814*  
Revaluation of net defined benefit liability  
-54*  
Unrealised gains and losses on property for own use  
-18*  
Movement in exchange difference reserve  
-9*  
Results from participations  
2*  
Dividends and coupon payments  
to holders of equity instruments  
-85*  
Issue, sale and buyback of equity instruments  
-267*  
Minority interest  
0*

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Total equity 31.12.2023  
8,980*  
*Audited 
** Recalculated in accordance with IFRS 9/17 
 
Solvency II 
The solvency position of the Group is solid at 183% as of the end of December 2023 (year-end 2022: 209%). 
Solvency has decreased due to growth of Achmea’s business, market developments, model changes and the 
repurchase of capital instruments. The increase in the required capital is driven by higher healthcare costs 
and an increased net retention and higher premiums on Achmea’s reinsurance programme. Growth at Non-
Life and in Achmea Bank’s mortgage portfolio led to an increase in required capital. The investment results 
and release of capital at Pension & Life made a positive contribution. Market developments had a negative 
impact. This was driven by interest rate and spread developments, including higher mortgage spreads, an 
increase in required capital due to the annual calibration of the market risk model and an adjustment in the 
investment portfolio. Methodology and model changes contributed negatively due to stricter sector-wide 
capital requirements at Achmea Bank and an increase of the risk margin at Achmea Pension & Life, which 
were partly offset by the positive impact of a sector-wide change to the contract boundary for disability 
insurance policies. The repurchase of preference shares and partial Tier 2 refinancing had a negative effect 
on the Solvency II ratio.  
The solvency ratio of the insurance entities, including the holding company, stands at 196% (2022: 219%) 
and is robust. The solvency ratio for Asset Management and the other entities is 221% (2022: 222%). Achmea 
Bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 16.9% as of year-end 2023 (2022: 18.2%).  
The Solvency II ratio takes into account the proposal adopted at the General Meeting on 9 April 2024 to pay 
dividends on shares totalling € 267 million. This proposal is based on the new dividend policy, in which the 
dividend will be 7.0% of Achmea’s calculated value. Taking into account the expected choice by the 
shareholders between a dividend (partial or full) in cash or in the form of Achmea ordinary shares, the 
calculation of the Solvency II ratio assumes a cash dividend payment of € 70 million. 
SOLVENCY II RATIO FOR THE GROUP 
(€ MILLION) 
 
31-12-2023 
31-12-2022 
Δ 
Eligible Own Funds under 
Solvency II 
8,848 
9,195 
-347 
Solvency Capital 
Requirement 
4,840 
4,410 
430 
Surplus 
4,008 
4,785 
-777 
Solvency II Ratio 
183% 
209% 
-26pp 
Free Capital Generation19 
Total Free Capital Generation (FCG)20 amounted to € 301 million negative in 2023, mainly due to some 
negative one-off developments. The FCG from operating activities, including the release of capital from the 
service book of Pension & Life, amounted to € 402 million. Required capital increased with € 52 million 
from commercial growth at Non-Life and Achmea Bank. 
The increase in required capital resulting from the adjusted reinsurance cover had a negative impact on the 
FCG of € 110 million. 
Market developments, model adjustments and other effects had a negative effect of € 593 million on balance. 
Market developments were driven by increased mortgage spreads, the impact from the annual calibration of 
the market risk model and an adjustment of the investment portfolio. Methodology and model changes, 
 
19 This relates to the amount of free capital that is generated. This is the increase in capital above the required capital. 
20 This is an alternative performance measure. For more details see page 156 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
including a sector-wide change to the contract boundary for disability insurance policies and an increase of 
the risk margin at Pension & Life, had a negative effect on the FCG, as well as the provision for the 
finalisation of unit linked insurance policies. The results and development of the capital position of Achmea’s 
Dutch health activities are not part of the FCG. 
Financing 
 
The debt-leverage ratio,21 based on the definition under IFRS 9/17, improved to 25.9% (year-end 2022: 
28.2%). This improvement was driven by an increase in equity. In addition, outstanding debt decreased on 
balance due to the redemption on 4 April 2023 of Tier 2 bonds with a value of € 500 million and the newly-
issued Tier 2 bonds with a value of € 300 million. Due to the higher operational result, the fixed-charge 
coverage ratio22 based on the definition of operational result under IFRS 9/17 increased to 6.2 (FY 2022: 5.7). 
The fixed-charge coverage ratio based on the result before tax increased to 8.7 (FY 2022: 7.2 negative).  
 
On 13 March 2024, Standard & Poor’s (S&P) affirmed its A rating and stable outlook for Achmea’s Dutch 
core insurance entities. Revised criteria for S&P’s capital model had a positive effect on S&P’s view of 
Achmea Group’s capital position. The rating reflects S&P’s expectation that Achmea’s net result will recover 
in the period 2023-2025, lifting the fixed-charge coverage ratio, and allowing Achmea to maintain its capital 
position. S&P expects the group to maintain its leading market positions in the non-life and health activities. 
The credit rating (ICR23) for Achmea B.V. remained unchanged at BBB+. The rating (FSR24) for Achmea 
Reinsurance Company N.V. and the rating (ICR) for Achmea Bank remained unchanged at A-. 
 
Fitch affirmed its rating for Achmea B.V. and its insurance entities on 19 July 2023. Achmea was awarded a 
score of Very Strong with regard to its business profile, capitalisation and investment risk management. Its 
ratings are A (IDR25) and A+ (IFS26) respectively with a stable outlook. 
Capital and liquidity position 
Achmea aims to be adequately capitalised at all times. This is necessary in order to be able to protect the 
interests of all stakeholders in the short and long term. In this respect it is necessary to at least comply with 
the capital requirements under Solvency II and to attain Achmea’s rating ambitions. 
Developments in 2022 and 2023 
Key developments for capital management in 2022 and 2023: 
• 
Achmea’s capital policy describes the capital and liquidity standards for the Group and the supervised 
entities. Within the Group, at least € 1 billion in available liquidity, consisting of an unused 
committed revolving credit facility of € 1 billion and a buffer at group level, excess capital above the 
limits of the supervised entities, is available to support the supervised entities if this becomes 
necessary. 
• 
Besides monitoring the capital position under Solvency II, Achmea also monitors the economic 
solvency.   
Achmea’s capital requirements are calculated via an approved partial internal model. Achmea uses an internal 
model for Non-Life and Health SLT from the start of Solvency II per 1 January 2016. In 2018, also the 
internal model for market risk was approved by the College of Supervisors. It is used for prudential reporting 
as of 1 July 2018. An internal model more accurately reflects the risks that Achmea considers appropriate to 
its profile. In its Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) performed in 2023, Achmea has defined a set 
 
21 Debt-leverage ratio: (non-banking debt + perpetual subordinated bonds) as a percentage of the total (total equity + non-banking debt + perpetual 
subordinated bonds + CSM + risk adjustment -/- goodwill).  
22 The fixed-charge coverage ratio is based on the results and financing charges of the last four quarters. 
23 ICR: Issuer Credit Rating. 
24 FSR: Financial Strength Rating. 
25 IDR: Issuer Default Rating. 
26 IFS: Insurer Financial Strength.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
of stress scenarios. Based on the assumptions used, under most stress scenarios the Solvency II ratio is 
expected to remain above the 165% target level. In one single scenario and three combined scenarios the 
Solvency II ratio decreases below the 165% level. In three of those scenarios recovery above the 165% target 
level will take place within the recovery periods defined in the Capital Adequacy Policy. In only one 
combined scenario additional measures are needed for timely recovery. Sufficient recovery measures are 
available to recover above the 165% level within the timelines defined in the capital adequacy policy. 
• 
Linked to the ORSA and the recovery plan, Achmea has identified a set of recovery measures, which, 
if implemented, could (partly) mitigate the impact on the Solvency II ratio of Achmea specific, or 
market wide, stress events. For each measure, the benefits, conditions for implementation, possible 
disadvantages and time needed for implementation have been identified.  
Solvency II 
Achmea determines the Solvency position by means of a PIM. The scope of the internal model parts is:  
• 
Non-Life Underwriting Premium and Reserve Risk stemming from the Greek and Dutch Non-Life 
insurance activities. Achmea Reinsurance Company N.V. does not use an internal model for Non-
Life underwriting Premium and Reserve Risk; 
 
• 
NSLT Health Underwriting Premium and Reserve Risk stemming from the Greek and Dutch Non-
Life insurance activities;  
• 
Non-Life Natural catastrophe risk stemming from the Greek and Dutch insurance activities 
(excluding external incoming reinsurance contracts, only business stemming from entities within 
Achmea);  
• 
Health Underwriting Risk SLT stemming from the Dutch Non-Life insurance activities;  
• 
Interest Rate Risk, Equity Risk, Property Risk and spread risk for the Dutch insurance entities and 
Achmea (Group) (stemming from the entities using an internal model for Market Risk, Market Risk 
stemming from the legal entity Achmea and Market Risk stemming from the Dutch Health insurance 
entities is included in the consolidated data).  
The other risks are calculated using the Solvency II standard formula. The post-proposed dividend solvency 
ratio under Solvency II is 183% as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: 209%). The Solvency II eligible 
own funds amount to € 8,848 million as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: € 9,195 million). 
SOLVENCY RATIO (€ MILLION)  
  
2023 
2022 
Δ 
Eligible own funds Solvency II 
8,848 
9,195 
-347 
Solvency Capital Requirement 
4,840 
4,410 
430 
Surplus 
4,008 
4,785 
-777 
Ratio (%) 
183%27 
209% 
-26 pp 
 
 
 
 
ELIGIBLE OWN FUNDS SOLVENCY II (€ MILLION) 
 
31-12-2023 
31-12-2022 
Tier 1 restricted 
456 
699 
Tier 1 unrestricted 
6,496 
6,622 
 
27 The solvency ratios reported here are after the deduction of dividends, but also after the payment of coupons on hybrid capital.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Tier 2 
1,292 
1,467 
Tier 3 
605 
408 
Total eligible own funds Solvency II 
8,848 
9,195 
Available headroom restricted tier 1 
1,168 
957 
Available headroom tier 2 + tier 3 
119 
0 
 
The restricted tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital is composed of four hybrid loans (as per 31 December 2023). 
TIERING OF CAPITAL UNDER SOLVENCY II (€ MILLION, 31-12-2023) 
 
Tiering 
Market value 
Perpetual at 4.625% interest 
Restricted tier 1 
456 
Perpetual at 4.250% interest 
Tier 2 
758 
Subordinated debt at 6.750% interest 
Tier 2 
315 
Subordinated debt at 2.500% interest 
Tier 2 
219 
As at 31 December 2023, the Solvency II ratio has decreased by 26 percentage points to 183%28 (31 December 
2022: 209%). The decreased capital position is the result of a combination of a € 347 million decrease in the 
eligible own funds Solvency II to € 8,848 million (2021: € 9,195 million) and a € 430 million increase in the 
SCR to € 4,840 million (2022: € 4,410 million). 
 
The decrease in the ratio, compared to 2022, has several drivers. The first driver relates to the effect of 
methodology and model changes. An adjustment of the run-out patterns for the Risk Margin in the pension 
and life business leads to an increase in the Risk Margin. In addition, the changed calculation of the DTA/DTL 
(as prescribed by DNB) has a negative effect on the ratio. A significant model change regarding the 
calculation of interest rate risk within Market Risk, the qualification of individual AOV (disability insurance) 
products as long-term products and other model changes lead to a positive effect on the ratio. Taking these 
together, the methodology and model changes lead to a negative effect on the ratio. Finally, Achmea has 
reached an agreement with interest groups on a final settlement for investment insurance customers. The 
impact of the agreement on Achmea's capital position is limited.  
 
The hardening of the reinsurance market leads to higher retention resulting in an increase in claims risk. This 
is partly offset by decreased external incoming reinsurance business due to the strategic reorientation of 
Achmea Reinsurance Company N.V. (hereafter Achmea Reinsurance). A negative development in the 
expected result for the healthcare portfolio in recent years (2023 and earlier) and a positive expected result 
for 2024 results in a limited decrease in available capital under Solvency II. In the non-life portfolio, a lower 
than expected result on the retail portfolio is partly offset by stronger than expected results on the corporate 
and income portfolio and this leads to a limited decrease in available equity.  
The decline of the yield curve, positive returns and spread movements have on balance a positive effect on 
equity despite the run-off of mortgage spreads with a negative impact. The annual calibration of the economic 
scenarios used in the internal model for determining Market Risk led to an increase in required capital and 
thus a decrease in the ratio. Adjustments of the equity portfolio leads to a positive impact on the ratio via a 
lower capital requirement. 
Own funds 
Tier 1 capital decreased, mainly due to the repurchase of preference shares. The decrease in Tier 2 capital is 
a result of the repayment of the € 500 million 6% Tier 2 loan and the issuance of a € 300 million 6.75% Tier 
2 bond. 
 
28 The solvency ratios reported here are after the deduction of dividends, but also after the payment of coupons on hybrid capital.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
As of 31 December 2023, Tiering limits have been reached, as a result of which € 255 million of Tier 3 capital 
cannot be included in the authorised Solvency II equity. 
The authorised equity under the Solvency II regulations is not equal to the equity under IFRS. There are 
valuation differences and the impact of potential restrictions. The reconciliation between authorised Solvency 
II equity and IFRS equity is shown in the following table. 
 
SOLVENCY CAPITAL REQUIREMENT (€ MILLION) 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
Market Risk 
2,039 
2,050 
Counterparty Default Risk 
249 
174 
Life Underwriting Risk 
1,329 
1,258 
Health Underwriting Risk 
2,191 
1,906 
Non-Life Underwriting Risk 
1,247 
1,124 
Diversification 
-2,621 
-2,394 
Intangible Asset Risk 
0 
0 
Basic Solvency Capital Requirement 
4,434 
4,118 
Operational Risk 
666 
626 
Loss-Absorbing Capacity 
-1,068 
-994 
Solvency Capital Requirement (Cons) 
4,032 
3,750 
SCR Other Financial Sectors & Other Entities 
808 
660 
Solvency Capital Requirement 
4,840 
4,410 
 
RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS EQUITY AND SOLVENCY II ELIGIBLE OWN FUNDS  
 (€ MILLION) 
 
31-12-2023 
31-12-2022 
IFRS equity for the purpose of reconciliation to Solvency II 
eligible own funds  
8,980*  
8,597*  
Solvency II valuation and classification differences  
986  
1,778  
Not qualifying equity and foreseeable dividends  
-1,118  
-1,180  
Eligible own funds Solvency II  
8,848  
9,195  
*Audited 
 
 
SOLVENCY II RATIO CORE LEGAL ENTITIES 
 
31-12-2023 
31-12-2022 
Non-Life 
143% 
159% 
Pension & Life 
177% 
204% 
Health 
162% 
165% 
Non-Life 
143% 
159%

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Movement in solvency ratio 
The solvency ratio has decreased from 209% at year-end 2022 to 183% at 31 December 2023. The table 
below shows the different factors influencing the movement of the ratio: 
 
 
SOLVENCY RATIO DEVELOPMENT  
SII ratio as at 31-12-2022 
209%29 
Capital generated by operational activities 
+2% 
Reinsurance programme renewal 
-3% 
Market developments 
-7% 
Methodology, model changes and other 
-7% 
SII ratio before capital flows as at 31-12-2023 
193% 
Repurchase capital instruments 
-7% 
Foreseeable dividend and coupons 
-2% 
SII ratio as at 31-12-2023 
183% 
 
Solvency II Ratio Sensitivities 
 
Minimum Capital Requirement 
The Minimum Capital Requirement (MCR) for the Group is equal to the sum of the solo MCR’s of all 
insurance entities (excluding Other Financial sectors). No diversification effects between the insurance 
entities are taken into account. This is based on Solvency legislation imposed by EIOPA. The MCR of Eureko 
Sigorta A.S. is equal to 1/3 of the local SCR, also based on EIOPA guidance. Achmea has not eliminated the 
Intra-Group positions (with regards to premiums and Technical Provisions) influencing the volume-factors 
 
29 The solvency ratio reported here is after the deduction of dividends, but also after the payment of coupons on hybrid capital.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
with regards to the solo MCR calculations. The net increase in MCR is mainly caused by an increase in the 
underlying MCR of Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. (€ 74 million), Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V. 
consolidated (€ 11 million) and a decrease in the underlying MCR of Achmea Pensioen- en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. (€- 18 million). In 2022 and 2023 the MCR of Achmea Pensioen- en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V. and the MCR of Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. were capped at 45% of the 
SCR. The MCR of Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V. increased significantly due to the increase of the best 
estimate of the AOV portfolio because of the change towards the longer contract boundary.  
Compared to the SCR, Tier 3 capital is not eligible to cover the MCR and Tier 2 capital components may not 
exceed 20% of total eligible capital. For covering the MCR, the relegation of Tier 2 was € 860 million (2022: 
€ 1,048 million). The Own Funds eligible to meet the minimum consolidated Group SCR amounted at year-
end 2023 € 6,473 million (2022: € 6,812 million). 
 
 
ELIGIBLE OWN FUNDS VERSUS MCR (€ MILLION) 
 
31-12-2023 
Tier 1 restricted 
456 
Tier 1 unrestricted 
5,585 
Tier 2 
432 
Tier 3 
- 
Eligible own funds to meet MCR 
6,473 
Minimum consolidated Group MCR 
2,165 
Minimum Capital Requirement ratio 
299% 
 
Litigation  
General 
Achmea and companies forming part of Achmea are involved in lawsuits and arbitration proceedings. These 
legal proceedings relate to claims instituted by and against these companies arising from ordinary operations 
and mergers, including the activities carried out in their capacity as insurers, credit providers, service 
providers, employers, investors and/or tax payers. Although it is not possible to predict or define the outcome 
of pending or imminent legal proceedings, the Executive Board believes that, other than as set out below, it 
is unlikely that the outcome of the actions will have a material, negative impact on the financial position of 
Achmea. 
Unit-linked Products 
Since 2006, an issue has arisen in the Netherlands regarding the costs of investment insurance policies 
(beleggingsverzekeringen), such as the life insurance policies with a Unit-Linked Alternative, commonly 
known as the “usury insurance policy affair” (woekerpolisaffaire). It is generally alleged that the costs of 
some of these products are disproportionally high, that in some cases a legal basis for such costs is lacking 
and that the information provided to the insured regarding these costs has not been transparent which is 
considered an alleged misselling issue. 
With respect to life insurance, in 2012 Achmea Pensioen & Levensverzekeringen N.V. implemented a 
compensation scheme for holders of unit-linked policies that had been agreed with interest groups. In 
addition, Achmea Pensioen & Levensverzekeringen N.V. met the additional requirements formulated at the 
time by the Dutch Minister of Finance. According to a number of customers, the compensation scheme and 
the additional requirements have not been sufficient. This has been taken into account in the calculation of 
the provision for insurance liabilities. In January 2019, Achmea Pensioen & Levensverzekeringen N.V.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
received a summons from Vereniging Woekerpolis.nl (association that represents customers with unit-linked 
policies) and the Dutch Consumers’ Association. In June 2020, the District Court in Gelderland issued its 
judgement. This judgement was the basis for Vereniging Woekerpolis.nl and the Consumers’ Association to 
appeal with the Court of Appeal Arnhem/Leeuwarden. They submitted their statement of objections on 19 
October 2021. In 2022 various pleadings were exchanged between the parties. In 2023 the oral hearing took 
place. Parallel rulings of the Dutch Supreme Court on 11 February 2022 and the Court of Appeal The Hague 
on 26 September 2023 in cases of another insurers regarding unit-linked policies have been studied by 
Achmea Pensioen & Levensverzekeringen N.V. and have not led to an adjustment of the provision for 
insurance liabilities.  
On 16 February 2024, Achmea reached an agreement with interest groups Consumentenclaim, 
Woekerpolis.nl, Woekerpolisproces, Wakkerpolis and the Consumers’ Association with respect to a final 
settlement for customers with a unit-linked insurance policy who are affiliated with one of these interest 
groups. This agreement concerns unit-linked policies that were sold in the Netherlands through the brands 
Avéro Achmea, Centraal Beheer, FBTO, Interpolis and their legal predecessors. The agreement involves an 
amount of € 85 million (consisting of a total amount of € 60 million for the settlement agreement and, a large 
extra reservation of € 25 million for poignant cases (“schrijnende gevallen”) unaffiliated with the interest 
groups). The impact of the agreement on Achmea’s capital position is limited. After the details regarding the 
implementation of the settlement agreement have been finalised, customers will receive individual proposals 
through the interest groups with which they are affiliated. Once at least 90% of the customers accept their 
proposal, the entire agreement will become final. Achmea agreed with the interest groups that all pending 
legal proceedings will be discontinued and that no new legal proceedings will be initiated. Customers who 
have not yet done so will no longer be able to join an interest group.  
Conflict between the Slovak Government and Achmea 
In conflict with an agreement to encourage investments between the Slovak Republic and the Netherlands, 
the Slovak government enforced a ban on the distribution of profit on Slovak health insurers, including Union 
Zdravotná Poist’ovna A.S., a Slovak subsidiary of Achmea, in the period from 2007 until August 2011. 
Achmea sought compensation for the incurred loss and statutory interest paid through an international 
arbitration tribunal. In December 2012 the arbitration tribunal decided in favour of Achmea. Under this 
decision the Slovak Government is required to compensate Achmea for damages incurred and the statutory 
interest paid. The compensation amounted to approximately € 25 million. The Slovak Government has 
publicly stated that it will not pay the amounts awarded to Achmea and has submitted the arbitration verdict 
for annulment to a German Court. In the proceedings at first instance, the annulment request of the Slovak 
Republic has been rejected. The Slovak Government has appealed against this judgment to the 
Bundesgerichtshof in Karlsruhe. The Bundesgerichtshof raised some legal questions with the European Court 
of Justice. In March 2018 the European Court of Justice ruled that the arbitration clause in the bilateral 
investment treaty on which the arbitration proceedings were based, was invalid. Partly based on this ruling 
of the European Court of Justice, the Bundesgerichtshof overturned the arbitration verdict. Achmea has filed 
a final appeal against the judgment with the German Constitutional Court and has submitted a claim for 
damages in Slovakia. These proceedings are ongoing. Because of the compounding statutory interest, 
Achmea’s claim now amounts to approximately € 33 million (2022: € 32 million). In view of the proceedings 
in Germany, Achmea does not consider the receivable amounts to be sufficiently certain to recognise it as an 
asset. 
Acier Loan Portfolio 
On 7 July 2015, Achmea Bank acquired the Acier Loan Portfolio from the former subsidiary Staalbankiers 
of Achmea B.V. In addition to this portfolio, Achmea Bank has acquired linked savings accounts for an 
amount of € 57 million. 
The Acier Loan Portfolio decreased from € 646 million at year-end 2022 to € 584 million at year-end 2023. 
As at 31 December 2023, the allowance for losses on loans and advances related to the Acier Loan Portfolio 
amounts to € 18 million (year-end 2023: € 13 million).

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
The mortgage loans included in the Acier Loan Portfolio may differ from mortgage loans advanced to regular 
retail clients. The principal amount of these loans can be significantly higher than average mortgage loans in 
the Netherlands, making the exposure risk on a single client higher. Also, the mortgages securing the 
mortgage loans may be vested on residential and/or commercial properties with higher values and/or 
properties that may be more price sensitive and less marketable. Rising Swiss Franc (CHF) interest rates and 
CHF/EUR currency rate may influence the affordability and loan to value ratio of the mortgage loans 
negatively. The risks of Achmea Bank on this loan portfolio may therefore be substantially higher than on 
the remainder of its loan portfolio. This may therefore result in higher losses and may impact the overall 
performance of the Achmea Bank 's loan portfolio. The historic performance of Achmea Bank's loan portfolio 
may therefore no longer be accurate as an indication of future yield and losses. This may have a negative 
impact on the performance of Achmea Bank and could have an adverse impact on its financial position. 
A large number of loans (year-end 2022: 94 per cent.) which were acquired by Achmea Bank from 
Staalbankiers have a variable interest rate and part of the loans is denominated in Swiss Francs (CHF). All 
loans denominated in CHF have a variable rate of interest. As a result hereof, Achmea Bank may become 
more exposed to changes in interest rates, which could have an adverse impact on its financial position. 
In addition, the CHF mortgage loans have generally been granted to private individuals who benefit from a 
high level of duty of care (zorgplicht) by the lender, including the obligation to provide sufficient information. 
In case of CHF mortgage loans, the legal obligations of the lender, including its duty of care, may be stricter 
than in other cases as a result of the currency risk in relation to these loans. On 14 June 2022, Achmea Bank, 
like several other Dutch banks, received a letter from the foundation Stichting Compensatie Zwitserse Frank 
Leningen (CZFL) in which the latter stated that it wants to initiate legal proceedings on behalf of several 
clients with regard to the mortgages provided in CHF and breach of the duty of care. According to Achmea 
Bank's internal assessment, there is no breach of the duty of care. Achmea Bank feels supported by previous 
rulings by judges and of the Klachteninstituut Financiele Dienstverlening (KiFiD). On 23 October 2023, 
CZFL started legal proceedings against Achmea Bank at the District Court of The Hague by issuing a formal 
summons. Achmea Bank will defend itself against the claim. Given Achmea Bank’s assessment of the claim 
as stated in the formal summons, no provision has been made. 
If Staalbankiers has not complied with its legal obligations in relation to the loans to private individuals, 
including its duty of care, this may result in claims of borrowers against Achmea Bank, which claims could 
be significant and may involve high costs and require substantial resources on the part of Achmea. However, 
in relation to the Acier Loan Portfolio, Achmea issued a capped guarantee to Achmea Bank to cover potential 
credit risk and legal claims related to this portfolio. Because of this guarantee, the impact of the impairment 
charges on the income statement is low, but may still occur. The total amount of claims submitted is 
recognised on the balance sheet as a receivable from Achmea However, there is no assurance that this 
guarantee will cover all risks relating to the Acier Loan Portfolio, nor that Achmea will be able to comply 
with its obligations under the guarantee (see also the risk factor “Because the Issuer and its subsidiaries are 
exposed to financial risks such as credit risk, default risk, risks concerning the adequacy of its credit 
provisions and counterparty risks, it could have a significant effect on the value of the Issuer’s assets”). 
Recent developments 
9 April 2024 – Achmea publishes its 2023 annual report and SFCR - General Meeting approves dividend 
proposal and reappointments 
On 9 April 2024, Achmea’s General Meeting adopted the Annual Report 2023 and approved the proposal for 
a dividend payment of € 267 million on ordinary shares. The agenda also included reappointments to the 
Executive Board and the Supervisory Board. 
• 
Annual Report 2023 and 2023 Solvency and Financial Condition Report (SFCR)  
On 9 April 2024, Achmea published its Annual Report 2023. The Annual Report 2023 provides insight into 
Achmea’s vision, strategy and objectives, and highlights the way Achmea creates value for Achmea’s

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
stakeholders, and the trends and challenges involved in this. The report also covers Achmea’s financial, social 
and sustainability performance.  
Achmea also published its SFCR on 9 April 2024. The SFCR explains Achmea’s financial position based on 
the Solvency II guidelines. Along with the Annual Report 2023, this document is available for download 
from https://www.achmea.nl/en/investors/publications. The SFCR is not incorporated in and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
• 
Dividend payment 
The General Meeting approved the proposed dividend payment of € 267 million on ordinary shares. This 
amount is based on a market-based annual dividend yield of 7% of Achmea’s calculated value. This year, the 
dividend will be offered for the first time in the form of an optional dividend. This means that shareholders 
could choose between a (partial or full) dividend in cash, or in the form of Achmea ordinary shares. 
Of the total amount of € 267 million for 2023, € 203 million will be paid out as a stock dividend and € 64 
million in cash. Vereniging Achmea has chosen to receive the dividend in full in the form of shares, which is 
in line with the statutory objective of this major shareholder (66.94%). This involves an amount of almost € 
179 million. 
• 
Reappointments 
The Supervisory Board reappointed M.A.N. Lamie, Deputy Chair of the Executive Board and Chief Financial 
Officer, for a four-year term. The reappointment is subject to regulatory approval and will take effect on 1 
January 2025. 
The General Meeting reappointed W.H. de Weijer (Deputy Chair), M.R. van Dongen and M.A. Kloosterman 
as members of the Supervisory Board. W.H. de Weijer has been reappointed for a term of two years, after 
two terms of four years. The reappointments of M.R. van Dongen and M.A. Kloosterman are for a term of 
four years, ending on the date of the General Meeting in 2028. 
26 March 2024 - Achmea and FairFax sell Canadian start-up Onlia 
Achmea and Canada's Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited have reached an agreement on the sale of online 
insurance agency Onlia to Southampton Financial Inc. Both parties expect that healthy growth and further 
development of the start-up will be better guaranteed outside the Achmea Fairfax combination. The financial 
impact of this transaction is limited. 
16 February 2024 – Achmea reaches final agreement on unit-linked insurance policies with interest groups 
• 
The affected customers will receive clarity, and the ongoing legal proceedings in the unit-linked policies 
file can be definitively terminated. 
• 
Achmea is reserving a total amount of € 60 million for the settlement agreement. In addition, a large 
extra reservation of € 25 million has been made for poignant cases (“schrijnende gevallen”) unaffiliated 
to the interest groups.  
• 
The settlement agreement follows various measures that Achmea has taken in the past, including 
customer compensation totalling € 380 million. 
Achmea reached an agreement with interest groups Consumentenclaim, Woekerpolis.nl, Woekerpolisproces, 
Wakkerpolis and the Consumentenbond with respect to a final settlement for customers with a unit-linked 
insurance policy who are affiliated with one of these interest groups. This agreement concerns unit-linked 
policies that were sold in the Netherlands through the brands Avéro Achmea, Centraal Beheer, FBTO, 
Interpolis and their legal predecessors. The agreement involves an amount of € 85 million (consisting of a 
total amount of € 60 million for the settlement agreement and, a large extra reservation of € 25 million for

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
poignant cases (“schrijnende gevallen”) unaffiliated with the interest groups). The impact of the agreement 
on Achmea’s capital position is limited. 
Information for customers 
After the details regarding implementation of the settlement agreement have been finalised, customers will 
receive individual proposals through the interest groups with which they are affiliated. Once at least 90% of 
the customers accept their proposal, the entire agreement will become final.  
Legal proceedings discontinued 
One collective legal action is still pending between Achmea and Woekerpolis.nl and the Consumentenbond. 
These two interest groups have lodged an appeal against a previous court ruling. Those appeal proceedings 
will now be discontinued. An agreement has also been made with the interest groups that no new legal 
proceedings will be initiated. Customers who have not yet done so will no longer be able to join an interest 
group. 
12 February 2024 - Exploring options for Achmea Pension & Life Insurance portfolios 
In recent years, Achmea has explored the options for the portfolios of Achmea Pension & Life Insurance on 
a regular basis. Especially for the portfolio of insurance policies that are no longer actively sold (the service 
book), Achmea continues to look for ways to operate as efficiently as possible. As this portfolio shrinks, 
Achmea tries to keep the cost base at pace with this development whilst continuing to serve Achmea’s 
customers well. 
Achmea is currently exploring various internal and external options and does not rule out any possibilities at 
this stage. If the exploration leads to an adjustment of this course, Achmea will subsequently report on this. 
9 January 2024 - New collective labour agreement for Achmea employees 
A substantial majority of members of FNV Finance, CNV Vakmensen and all Achmea employees have 
endorsed a new collective labour agreement. In December 2023, the three unions presented the results of 
negotiations not only to their own members, but for the first time, to all Achmea employees. Vakbond De 
Unie agreed to the negotiation outcome after a majority of Achmea employees agreed to it. The other two 
unions agreed after reaching a majority support from their own members. Of all Achmea colleagues who 
voted, 92% agreed with the negotiation result. The new collective labour agreement applies to around 12,000 
employees and runs from 1 December 2023 to 31 August 2025 (21 months). 
2 January 2024 – Achmea introduces new dividend policy and completes withdrawal of preference shares 
In line with the proposals of the Executive Board and after approval by the General Meeting on 21 December 
2023, Achmea finalised the following resolutions: 
 
• the introduction of a new dividend policy starting from the financial year 2023; 
• the withdrawal of all outstanding preference shares on 31 December 2023. 
 
Implementation new dividend policy 
In the new dividend policy, the proposed dividend will be based on a market-based annual dividend yield of 
7% of the calculated value of Achmea. The Executive Board may offer Achmea's shareholders a choice 
between a (partial or whole) cash dividend or ordinary shares of Achmea. The new policy offers Achmea’s 
shareholders a more stable dividend and increases Achmea’s financial flexibility. The new dividend policy 
applies to the financial years 2023, 2024 and 2025. After this period, the dividend policy will be reassessed 
by Achmea. 
 
Withdrawal preference shares 
The withdrawal of the preference shares have been accompanied by a repayment of € 356 million and a 
dividend payment of € 20 million (both sums rounded) to the holders of preference shares in January 2024.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
These were held indirectly by various banks and other institutional investors. The pro forma impact of the 
withdrawal on the solvency as of 31 December 2023 is 6 percentage points. The impact on the relative 
shareholdings is limited. 
24 August 2023 – Achmea publishes interim results 2023 – operational result increases to EUR 405 million 
Achmea announced its interim results for the first half of 2023 on 24 August 2023.  
9 August 2023  Achmea publishes 2022 comparative figures based on IFRS 9 and IFRS 17 accounting policies 
and introduces revised financial indicators 
On 9 August 2023, Achmea  announced it would publish results for the first half of 2023 on 24 August 2023. 
For the first time, these were be prepared in accordance with the new financial reporting standards IFRS 9 
and IFRS 17. For the comparability of these figures, Achmea published the comparative figures for 2022 in 
accordance with IFRS 9/17.  
Comparative figures based on IFRS 9 and IFRS 17 
The net result for 2022 is considerably lower under IFRS 9/17 than under IFRS 4/IAS 39. Exceptional market 
conditions, including sharply higher interest rates, spreads and lower equity prices, had a large adverse effect 
on the 2022 result under IFRS 9/17. Under IFRS 9/IFRS 17 accounting principles, gains and losses on both 
investments and liabilities as a result of changes in, for example, interest rates and equity and real estate prices 
are recognised in the income statement. Under IFRS 4/IAS 39, this impact was largely reflected in equity and 
therefore had a smaller effect on net result. 
 
Revised financial indicators 
Movements in financial markets can lead to greater volatility in results under IFRS 9/IFRS 17. To maintain 
focus and aid steering on the underlying developments of the financial results, the definition of operational 
result has been amended. It is important that volatility arising from market movements is recognised in non-
operational results and the expected investment income in the operational result. In addition, the operational 
result will be normalised for any restructuring costs and transaction results arising from mergers and 
acquisitions. These changes result in operational result being a good reflection of the underlying financial 
performance of Achmea. 
 
The operational result under the new definition was higher in 2022 than under the old definition. The 
exceptional market conditions in 2022 are not visible in the operational result for 2022, but they are part of 
the net result. 
 
The introduction of IFRS 9/17 also affects some other financial indicators. The definitions of the fixed-charge 
coverage ratio, the debt ratio and the combined ratio have been adjusted. The calculations use figures prepared 
in accordance with IFRS 9/17, leading to different outcomes for these indicators. The adjusted accounting 
policies have no effect on the Free Capital Generation and solvency. 
 
Financial targets unchanged 
With the revised financial indicators, the results will be comparable ‘through the cycle’ and so Achmea is 
maintaining its ambitions for 2025 in full. 
 
Results for the first half of 2023 
The results of Achmea’s half-year figures for 2023 have been published on Thursday, 24 August. Supported 
in part by the stable development in the financial markets, both the operational result and the overall result 
for the first half of 2023 are significantly better than 2022. This keeps Achmea on track towards its previously 
announced financial targets.  
 
Background information 
Background information on the changes under IFRS 9/17, the comparative figures for 2022 and the new 
definitions of the operational result and other financial indicators are set out in an Investor Update available 
on https://www.achmea.nl/en/investors.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
20 June 2023 – Achmea issues EUR 300 million Tier 2 Notes 
Achmea announced the issue of EUR 300 million 6.75% Tier 2 Notes, to be listed on Euronext Dublin as of 
26 June 2023. The Tier 2 Notes were issued under the Achmea € 5 billion Debt Issuance Programme, dated 
21 October 2022 (available on www.achmea.com). 
12 April 2023 – Achmea publishes 2022 Annual Report  
On 12 April 2023, Achmea’s annual General Meeting adopted the 2022 Annual Report and the 2022 financial 
statements and approved the proposal not to distribute a dividend on ordinary shares and to pay a dividend of 
€ 19.6 million on preference shares. Further, the General Meeting reappointed Roel Wijmenga and Petri 
Hofsté as Supervisory Board members, each for a new two-year term, ending on the date of the AGM in 
2025. In accordance with the retirement schedule, Lineke Sneller stepped down as a Supervisory Board 
member on 12 April 2023. She has held this position since 1 January 2013. She was replaced by Mrs. Meijer 
in July 2023. On 12 April 2023, the Supervisory Board reappointed Executive Board members Bianca 
Tetteroo (chair), Lidwien Suur and Robert Otto, each for a new four-year term, ending on the date of the 
General Meeting in 2027.  
27 March 2023 - Chantal Vergouw to move from Interpolis to KPN 
Chantal Vergouw has been nominated to join KPN's Executive Board as of 1 June 2023. She has worked at 
Achmea as divisional chair of Interpolis since mid-2016. 
Uco Vegter has been appointed divisional chair of Interpolis as of 1 September 2023 and succeeded Chantal 
Vergouw. 
28 February 2023 - Achmea announces redemption of € 500 million Subordinated Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
Notes due 2043 
Achmea announced the redemption of the outstanding € 500 million Subordinated Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
Notes due 2043 (ISIN: XS0911388675; Common Code: 091138867) (the “Notes”) on 4 April 2023, being 
the first call date. 
The Notes were redeemed in full at their principal amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Achmea paid the redemption from available funds. Trading in the Notes was suspended as of 31 
March 2023. 
The Notes were issued under the Achmea € 5 billion Debt Issuance Programme, dated 20 March 2013 
(available on www.achmea.com). 
Selected Financial Information of Achmea 
Achmea's publicly available (i) audited annual consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2022 (set forth on pages 110 up to and including 241 of the Annual Report 2022) and (ii) 
audited annual consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 (set forth on 
pages 118 up to and including 293 of the Annual Report 2023)) are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. See also “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
Independent Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of Achmea as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 have been audited by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP (EY). In accordance with Section 
393 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, EY has given an unqualified audit opinions for these years.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax 
considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may include an 
individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or 
the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or 
entity having an interest in the Notes or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information 
only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption and disposal of Notes. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in 
each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have 
retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for:  
(a) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);  
(b) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other entities 
that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;  
(c) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person 
holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer arises 
if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutorily 
defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5% or more of the 
total issued capital of the Issuer or 5% or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the 
Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in 
the Issuer;  
(d) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001);  
(e) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent 
representative; and 
(f) 
individuals to whom Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities which 
are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands.   
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Notes. 
Dutch Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may – except in certain very specific cases as described 
below – be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
provided that the Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Issuer within the meaning of article 10, 
paragraph 1, under d of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in 
the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes 
(Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a 
permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to 
the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or 
(iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction 
treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as 
resident in any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of 
residence of a higher-tier beneficial owner (achterliggende gerechtigde) that has a qualifying interest 
(kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that higher-tier 
beneficial owner would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest 
been due to him directly, all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021). 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, income derived from the 
Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands 
(at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or 
disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.5%) under the Dutch 
Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(a) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an 
enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or 
(b) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b) above applies to the holder of the Notes, taxable income with regard 
to the Notes must be determined on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (sparen en 
beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised. This deemed return 
on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at 
the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory 
threshold (heffingvrij vermogen) (EUR 57,000 in 2024). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair 
market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying 
liabilities on 1 January. The individual’s deemed return is calculated by multiplying the individual’s yield 
basis with a ‘deemed return percentage’ (effectief rendementspercentage), which percentage depends on the 
actual composition of the yield basis, with separate deemed return percentages for savings (banktegoeden), 
other investments (overige bezittingen) and debts (schulden). As of 1 January 2024, the percentage for other 
investments, which include the Notes, is set at 6.04%. The deemed return on savings and investments is taxed 
at a rate of 36%.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect of 
income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried 
on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to which 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) is, other than 
by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net 
worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the 
Notes are attributable. 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%. 
(b) 
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the 
Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as income 
from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands which include activities with respect to the Notes 
that exceed regular, active portfolio management, or (3) is, other than by way of securities, entitled 
to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to individual 
income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.5%. Income derived from a share in the 
profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be 
taxed on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under 
"Residents of the Netherlands"). 
Gift and Inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time 
of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or 
in respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary tax 
or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, 
issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that 
are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and rested dealer agreement dated 16 
April 2024 (the Dealer Agreement) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes 
will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved 
the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may 
be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by 
the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Notes in bearer form having a 
maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States. Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed 
that it will not offer, sell or deliver an Note within the United States except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation); 
and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(iii) 
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least € 100,000 (or equivalent); 
or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer;  
(iii) 
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least € 100,000 (or equivalent); 
or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
 
Financial Promotion 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
Zero coupon Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest does not become due and payable during their 
term but only at maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates 
Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) (the SCA) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, 
within, from or into the Netherlands through the intermediary of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which 
include registration requirements). However, no such intermediary services are required in respect of (i) the 
initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do 
not act in the conduct of a profession or business, and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are 
physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary 
trading or immediately thereafter. 
Hong Kong 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (which Notes are not a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) issued by the Issuer other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that 
Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” 
as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; 
and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, 
sell, place or underwrite any Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect of any Notes, otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of:  
1. 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as amended);  
2. 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended);  
3. 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it will 
conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or requirements, 
or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank; 
4. 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank rules 
issued and / or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014; and

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
5. 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs); 
and (f) the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2015 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of or otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA and (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4(A) of the SFA) and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
The Notes being offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus do not represent units in collective investment 
schemes. Accordingly, they have not been registered with the FINMA as foreign collective investment 
schemes, and are not subject to the supervision of the FINMA. Investors cannot invoke the protection 
conferred under the Swiss legislation applicable to collective investment schemes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offer prospectus, as that term is understood pursuant to 
articles 652a and 1156 of the Swiss Federal Code of Obligations.  
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered to the public in or from Switzerland. This Base Prospectus and 
any other marketing material may not be made available to the public in or from Switzerland. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has applied for a listing of the Notes being offered pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other regulated securities market in Switzerland other than 
pursuant to a listing prospectus approved by the SIX Swiss Exchange, and. consequently the information 
presented in this Base Prospectus does not comply with the information standards set out in the relevant 
listing rules approved by the SIX Swiss Exchange in respect of a particular issue of Notes by the Issuer. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession 
or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor 
any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. However, unlisted Notes may 
be issued as well pursuant to the Programme. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Netherlands in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. The establishment and update of 
the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Executive Board of the Issuer passed on 22 
January 2024. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of the Issuer 
or of the Group since 31 December 2023 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or of the Group since 31 December 2023.  
(4) 
Except as disclosed in “Litigation - Unit-linked Products” beginning on page 138, in “Litigation - 
Conflict between the Slovak Government and Achmea” on page 139 and “Litigation – Acier Loan 
Portfolio" on page 139 of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has 
been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the previous twelve months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant 
effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
(5) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of 
the Internal Revenue Code”. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(7) 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business 
which could result in any member of the Issuer's Group being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued. 
(8) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. 
(9) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend 
to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(10)  
For so long as the Programme remains valid, the following documents will be available for inspection 
from https://www.achmea.nl/en/investors/debt-information:

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer 
Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons, the Talons); 
(ii) 
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; 
(iv) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated market to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access within the EEA, nor 
offered in (i) the EEA or (ii) in the UK in circumstances where a base prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as the case may be will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity); and 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Prospectus. 
(11)  
Copies of the latest annual report and consolidated accounts of the Issuer and the latest interim 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer may be obtained, and copies of the Agency Agreement will be 
available for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business 
hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
(12)  
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
2023 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP (EY), independent auditors whose principal place of business is at Boompjes 258, 
2011 XZ Rotterdam, the Netherlands. EY is a member of The Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). The reports of EY are incorporated 
by reference. EY has no material interest in the Issuer. Any financial data in this Base Prospectus not 
extracted from the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer is based on internal records of the 
Issuer or external sources believed by the Issuer to be reliable, and is unaudited. The financial data 
in this Base Prospectus that is extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements is marked 
by an asterisk. 
(13) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has no preferences shares, as the preference shares have 
been withdrawn on 31 December 2023.  
(14) 
Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus except as 
specifically provided otherwise. 
(15) 
The Issuer has an issuer credit rating from (i) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) BBB+ 
with a stable outlook and (ii) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) A+ with a stable outlook. Each 
of S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
As such, each of S&P and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of S&P and Fitch is 
not established in the United Kingdom, but it is part of a group in respect of which one of its 
undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom and (ii) is registered in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. The Issuer ratings issued by S&P and Fitch in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation before the end of the transition period and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings 
issued by S&P and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom may be used 
for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. There is no assurance that a rating will 
remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be suspended, lowered or withdrawn by 
the relevant rating agency if, in its judgement, circumstances in the future so warrant.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
(16) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of 
the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
(17) 
Description of alternative performance measures  
This section provides further information relating to alternative performance measures (APMs) for 
the purposes of the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (the APM Guidelines). The terms “combined ratio Basic Health” and “Free 
Capital Generation” as used by the Issuer and included in this Base Prospectus can be characterised 
as APMs. The Issuer believes that these APMs provide useful insights for investors in the 
performance of the Issuer. As a result, the APMs are included in this Base Prospectus to allow 
potential holders of the Notes to better assess the Issuer’s performance and business and set out below 
is a further clarification as to the meaning of each such measure (and any associated terms). The 
APMs set out in this section have not been audited.  
 
FY 2023 FY 2022 FY 2021 
Combined ratio Basic Health 
100.3 
99.6 
101.4 
The combined ratio Basic Health is a measure of profitability used by insurance companies to indicate 
how well they are performing in their day-to-day operations. A ratio below 100% indicates that the 
company is making underwriting profit while a ratio above 100% means it is incurring higher 
expenses and paying out more money in claims than it is receiving from premiums. A ratio of over 
100% does not necessarily mean that an insurer is making a loss on the contract, however, given that 
an insurer can still generate investment income. The combined ratio is the sum of the claims ratio and 
the expense ratio. The claims ratio is claims, including claims handling expenses, expressed as a 
percentage of net earned premiums. The expense ratio is operating expenses, including internal costs 
of handling claims, less internal investment expenses and less restructuring provision expenses, 
expressed as a percentage of net earned premiums. The elements of the combined ratio do not 
reconcile to the Issuer’s financial statements. 
 
FY 2023 FY 2022 FY 2021 
Free Capital Generation (FCG) (*mln EUR) 
(301) 
(137) 
740 
The term Free Capital Generation relates to the change in eligible own funds that is freely available, 
for example for dividend payments or investments. This is the increase in eligible own funds above

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
the required capital based on the minimal Solvency II ambition levels of the entities of the Issuer. 
The elements of Free Capital Generation do not reconcile to the Issuer’s financial statements. 
 
FY 2023 FY 2022 
Operational result (*mln EUR) 
628 
519 
Non-operational result  
326  
-1,574  
   Non-operational financial result  
344  
-1,531  
   Reorganisation expenses  
-14*  
-14*  
   Transaction results (mergers and acquisitions)  
-4*  
-29*  
Result before tax  
954*  
-1,055*  
Operational result is equal to the result before tax adjusted for reorganisation expenses, results from 
mergers & acquisitions and application of an expected return method for the net financial result from 
(re)insurance activities. Using this method, Achmea bases its calculations on the expected market 
rates at the start of the year and normalised returns on investments in equity and investment property. 
The same market rates are also used to determine the discount curve and provision for accrual of 
Achmea’s insurance liabilities when calculating the operational result. 
Non-operational result is the difference between the result before tax and the operational result and 
consists of reorganisation expenses, results from mergers & acquisitions and the Non-operational 
financial result. 
Non-operational financial result consists of the difference between the net financial result from 
(re)insurance activities and the net financial result from (re)insurance activities with application of 
the expected return method explained above. 
(18) 
Debt instruments 
 
This section provides more information on the debt instruments used and the development of the 
liquidity position of Achmea. 
Interest 
Rate 
Notional amount 
(in mln EUR) 
Due date 
First call date 
Own funds tier/Senior 
Debt 
6.75% 
300 
December 2043 
June 2033 
Tier 2 
4.25% 
750 
Perpetual 
February 2025 
Tier 2 
1.5% 
750 
May 2027 
 
Senior Debt 
3.625% 
500 
November 2025 
 
Senior Debt 
4.625% 
500 
Perpetual 
March 2029 
Tier 1 
2.5% 
250 
September 2039 
June 2029 
Tier 2 
(undrawn) 
1,000 
March 2026 
 
Senior Debt

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Achmea B.V. 
Handelsweg 2 
3707 NH Zeist 
The Netherlands 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
Dealer 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 
Ireland  
Irish Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Auditors to the Issuer 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
To the Dealers 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands