--- Page 1 ---
1
Achmea B.V.
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Zeist)
€5,000,000,000
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the debt issuance programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”), Achmea B.V. (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”). The Notes may be issued as subordinated notes 
(the “Subordinated Notes”) or senior notes (the “Senior Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).
Provided that, in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market or a specific 
segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”)) have access within the EEA, or offered to the public in a Member State of 
the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes). 
The period of validity of this Base Prospectus is up to (and including) 12 months from the date of the 
approval of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA.
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official 
List”) and trading on its regulated market. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Prospectus is no 
longer valid.
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market 
(or any other stock exchange). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and the Council on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended from time to time (“MiFID II”). However, unlisted Notes may be issued as well pursuant to the 
Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (or any other stock 
exchange). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus 
or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the 
purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA.
Notes may be issued in bearer form and in registered form. Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the 
Programme - Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global

--- Page 2 ---
2
note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a 
“Permanent Global Note”). If the Temporary Global Notes and the Permanent Global Notes (the “Global 
Notes”) are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global 
Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, SA 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each 
a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of Registered 
Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global 
certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the 
“NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche 
to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global 
Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with 
a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”).
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive 
Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”.
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme - Method of Issue”) to be issued under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the ratings assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the “CRA 
Regulation”) as amended will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
This Base Prospectus is dated 26 January 2021 and supersedes the prospectus dated 15 July 2019.
Dealers
NatWest Markets
Arranger for the Programme
NatWest Markets

--- Page 3 ---
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ...........................................................................................................4
RISK FACTORS..............................................................................................................................................9
IMPORTANT NOTICE .................................................................................................................................39
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES...........................................................................................44
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.................................................................................77
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS............................................................................................................79
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES...............................................................................................80
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..................95
USE OF PROCEEDS...................................................................................................................................101
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER...............................................................................................................102
TAXATION..................................................................................................................................................127
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.....................................................................................................................131
GENERAL INFORMATION.......................................................................................................................137

--- Page 4 ---
4
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus.
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Issuer:
Achmea B.V. 
Achmea B.V. was incorporated by deed of incorporation on 
30 December 1991. Achmea B.V. is a private company with 
limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law with its 
corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in Zeist. The registered office 
of Achmea B.V. is Handelsweg 2, 3707 NH Zeist, telephone 
number +31 (0)30 693 7000.  Achmea B.V. is registered with 
the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 
registration number 33235189.
Achmea B.V. is a privately owned holding company of a 
financial services group, whose core business is primarily 
insurance.
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
7245007QUMI1FHIQV531
Description:
Debt Issuance Programme 
Size:
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time.
Arranger:
Natwest Markets Plc
Dealers:
NatWest Markets N.V.
NatWest Markets Plc
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect 
of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus 
to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.
Fiscal Agent:
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Method of Issue:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each

--- Page 5 ---
5
Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the 
same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the 
relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final 
terms (the “Final Terms”).
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount.
Form of Notes:
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form only (“Registered Notes”). 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by 
a Temporary Global Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be 
made available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 
days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial 
maturity of more than one year and are being issued in 
compliance with the D Rules (as defined in “Selling 
Restrictions” below), otherwise such Tranche will be 
represented by a Permanent Global Note. Registered Notes 
will be represented by Certificates, one Certificate being 
issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates representing 
Registered Notes that are registered in the name of a nominee 
for one or more clearing systems are referred to as “Global 
Certificates”.
Clearing Systems:
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer.
Initial Delivery of Notes:
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is 
held under the NSS, the Global Note or the Global Certificate 
will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for 
each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the 
relevant Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the 
Global Note representing Bearer Notes or the Global 
Certificate representing Registered Notes may (or, in the case 
of Notes listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, 
shall) be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates relating to Notes that are not listed on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin may also be deposited 
with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside 
any clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to 
be credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will be 
registered in the name of nominees or a common nominee for 
such clearing systems.

--- Page 6 ---
6
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers.
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity. The Issuer may also issue Notes with 
no specified maturity (undated or perpetual Notes).
Specified Denomination:
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case 
of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated market 
to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) have access within the EEA, or 
offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (ii) 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one year will have a 
minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).
Interest:
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing. 
Details on interest rates, periods, dates and calculations will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Also see the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes.
Benchmark discontinuation: 
On the discontinuation of the relevant interest rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or another Benchmark 
Event having occurred, a Replacement Reference Rate may 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iv).
Redemption:
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom 
or 
whose 
issue 
otherwise 
constitutes 
a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies).
Optional Redemption:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (or, in the case of undated Notes, in which 
circumstances) at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption.
Status of Notes:
Senior Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and Subordinated Notes will

--- Page 7 ---
7
constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer, all as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Status”.
Interest Deferral - Senior Notes:
There are no interest deferral provisions with respect to the 
Senior Notes.
Mandatory Interest Deferral - 
Subordinated Notes:
The Issuer is required to defer any payment of interest on 
Subordinated Notes on each Mandatory Interest Deferral 
Date (being an Interest Payment Date in respect of which a 
Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing). 
Also see the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Optional Interest Deferral - 
Subordinated Notes:
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may on any 
Optional Interest Payment Date defer payments of interest on 
the Subordinated Notes which would otherwise be payable 
on such date. Also see the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Negative Pledge:
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”.
Cross Default:
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default”.
Ratings:
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Early Redemption:
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes 
will - in the case of Subordinated Notes and so long as the 
Issuer is subject to Capital Adequacy Regulations only with 
prior consent from the Regulator if required under the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations - be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons and, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, also for regulatory or rating reasons. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 7. Redemption, 
Substitution, Variation, Purchase and Options”. 
Withholding Tax:
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of withholding or deduction of 
taxes imposed by the Netherlands, unless the withholding is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall, subject to 
certain exceptions, pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the Noteholders and Couponholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons had no such withholding been required. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 9. Taxation”. 
Governing Law:
Dutch law.
Listing and Admission to Trading:
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List and trading on its regulated market or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and references to listing

--- Page 8 ---
8
shall be construed accordingly. As specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted.
Redenomination, Renominalisation 
and/or Consolidation:
Notes denominated in a currency of a country that 
subsequently participates in the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union may be subject to 
redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation with 
other Notes then denominated in euro. The provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination, renominalisation 
and/or consolidation will be as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
Selling Restrictions:
The United States, the Public Offer Selling Restriction (in 
respect of Notes having a specified denomination of less than 
€100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the Notes), the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, 
Ireland, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Switzerland. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, as amended.
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant 
Final Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) 
the Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D 
Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute “registration required obligations” under 
the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable.

--- Page 9 ---
9
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks currently deemed to be 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons currently 
unknown and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of investing in any 
Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should reach their own views 
before making any decision on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. Before making an investment 
decision with respect to the Notes, prospective investors should consult their financial, legal and tax advisers 
to carefully review and assess the risks associated with an investment in the Notes issued and consider such 
an investment decision in the context of the investor's personal circumstances. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER
General Economic and Market Conditions
COVID-19 and emergence of new diseases 
The outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus and the shutdowns and other restrictive measures 
implemented by authorities around the world in an attempt to contain the spread of the disease have led to an 
economic downturn in many countries, as well as increased uncertainty in financial and other markets. The 
severity and duration of the resulting adverse impact on the global economy and on the value of investment 
assets is currently uncertain and there is no certainty that measures to restrict spread of the disease or to 
mitigate its impacts will be effective. 
Lockdown and other restrictive measures introduced in the Netherlands and in other countries in which the 
Group operates have required the Group to invoke contingency plans for remote working, involving the 
cancellation of physical meetings and changes to working locations. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
all of the Group’s critical business services are being maintained. However, the changes made to the Group’s 
operating model to move to remote working may increase the risk of cyber-attacks as well as operational 
losses arising from sources such as pricing errors, claims processing errors and fraudulent claims. In addition, 
the Group continues to assess the risks posed by COVID-19 and may take further actions required by relevant 
authorities or those actions it determines are necessary in the interests of employees, customers, policyholders 
and other stakeholders. The implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) could result in reduced 
personnel availability which could in turn adversely impact the quality and continuity of service to customers 
and the business and reputation of the Group. 
The effects of the outbreak of the disease and the degree to which the disease impacts the Group over the 
medium to long term will depend on future developments, which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are 
uncertain. If there are prolonged or recurring outbreaks of COVID-19, which is the case as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, or further diseases emerge that give rise to similar effects, macroeconomic conditions may 
be materially and adversely affected and may lead to a further economic downturn in the countries in which 
the Group operates and the global economy more widely as well as further declines in financial markets and 
in the value of investment assets (which could in each case be widespread, severe and long-lasting). The 
lower interest rates, lower value of equity investments and spread developments could lead to lower 
investment income. The volatility of financial markets may lead to lower future solvency of the Group.

--- Page 10 ---
10
The COVID-19 outbreak affects society and the health of the customers of the Group. The outbreak also 
influences the underwriting risks (Non-life and income protection insurance, health insurance and life 
insurance), market risk (especially equity risk, interest rate risk and spread risk) and liquidity risk of the 
Group. The measures implemented by governments globally against the COVID-19 virus could have an 
influence on the revenue/premiums and technical provisions of the Group as the future business of the 
insurance products is uncertain. This could have a direct effect on the operational and financial results of the 
Group. 
As an insurer, the Group could also be impacted by recurring or more widespread outbreaks of COVID-19 
or other pandemics as a result of, for example, increased health care costs. 
All the above factors could, individually or taken together, materially and adversely impact the business, 
results of operations and financial condition of the Group.
Because the Issuer is an integrated financial services company conducting business on a worldwide basis, 
the revenues and earnings of the Issuer are affected by the volatility and strength of the economic, business 
and capital markets environments specific to the geographic regions in which the Issuer conducts business 
and changes in such factors may adversely affect the profitability of its insurance, banking and asset 
management business.
Factors such as interest rates, exchange rates, consumer spending, business investment, government spending, 
the volatility and strength of the capital markets, and terrorism all impact the business and economic 
environment and, ultimately, the amount and profitability of business the Issuer conducts in a specific 
geographic region. For example, in an economic downturn characterised by higher unemployment, lower 
family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and consumer spending, the demand for 
banking and insurance products would be adversely affected and the Issuer's reserves and provisions would 
likely increase, resulting in lower earnings. Similarly, a downturn in the equity markets could cause a 
reduction in commission income the Issuer earns from managing portfolios for third parties, as well as income 
generated from its own proprietary portfolios, each of which is generally tied to the performance and value 
of such portfolios. The Issuer also offers a number of insurance and financial products that expose the Issuer 
to risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates, securities prices or the value of real estate assets. In 
addition, a mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period may, in the 
event of changes in interest rates, have a material effect on the financial condition or result from operations 
of the businesses of the Issuer.
The peripheral European financial system continues to be weak and could deteriorate further and there 
remains a risk that financial difficulties may result in certain European countries exiting the Eurozone. 
Similarly, the United Kingdom (“UK”) left the European Union (“EU”) on 31 January 2020 at 11pm and the 
transition period ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and 
secondary legislation (made under powers provided in these Acts) ensures there is a functioning statute book 
in the UK. On 24 December 2020, after intensive negotiations, the European Commission reached an 
agreement with the UK on the terms of their future cooperation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
precise impact of the future relationship between the UK and the EU on the business of the Group is difficult 
to determine. The Group could be adversely affected in a number of ways including through exposure to 
fluctuations in the equity, fixed income and property markets which could result in a material adverse effect 
on its returns on invested assets and the value of its investment portfolio or its solvency position. See also 
“Because the Issuer or its subsidiaries are exposed to fluctuations in the equity, fixed income and property 
markets, it could result in a material adverse effect on its returns on invested assets and the value of its 
investment portfolio or its solvency position”. 
On 15 July 2016, the Turkish government was subject to an attempted coup by a group within the Turkish 
army. The Turkish government and the Turkish security forces (including the Turkish army) took control of 
the situation in a short period of time and the ruling government remained in control. Although the Issuer's

--- Page 11 ---
11
operations in Turkey have not been materially affected by the coup, the 2019 elections and/or the referendum, 
the impact on political and social circumstances following the attempted coup and the referendum and the 
aftermath thereof, including developments in the political relationship between Turkey and the Netherlands, 
could result in a further increase in volatility in the currency market and/or could have a material effect on 
the financial condition or result from operations of the business of the Issuer in Turkey. 
The sustained low interest rate environment in recent years in Europe has negatively impacted the Group in 
various ways and will continue to do so if it persists
In a period of sustained low interest rates, financial and insurance products with long-term options and 
guarantees (such as pension, whole-life, funeral and disability products) may be more costly to the Group. 
The Group may therefore incur higher costs to hedge the investment risk associated with such long-term 
options and guarantees of these products. Moreover, the required capital pursuant to Solvency II for long-
term risks, such as longevity, expense and morbidity risks, is interest rate sensitive. Declining interest rates 
will result in an increase in the valuation of liabilities and of the Group’s Solvency II required capital. 
Projection of the solvency figures in the annual Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (the “ORSA”) and 
capital planning show that low interest rates also have a negative impact on the future capital generation of 
the Group. The effects mentioned above limit the ability of the Group to offer financial and insurance products 
with long-term options and guarantees at affordable prices. As a consequence, new business levels will be 
lower and, due to fixed costs, profitability could be reduced. Also, if interest rates are volatile the present 
value impact of changes in assumptions affecting future benefits and expenses will also be volatile, creating 
more volatility in the Group’s results of operations and available regulatory capital. Furthermore, low interest 
rates will lead to a low risk free return on the assets allocated to the own funds. 
The risks from interest rate developments are, amongst other things, a result of the ultimate forward rate (the 
“UFR”) which is 3.75 per cent per 1 January 2020. The decrease of 15 basis points has a negative effect of 2 
per cent on the Solvency II ratio of the Group. Currently, since under Solvency II life liabilities are discounted 
with a curve including the UFR. In current market conditions, the application of the UFR results in an increase 
of interest rates used for the Solvency II valuation of the technical provisions for maturities of 20 years or 
longer. Application of the UFR makes the valuation of the technical provisions less sensitive to interest 
movements. The UFR is set by the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (“EIOPA”) 
which may take into account, among other factors, interest rates, which are at a historically low level, and 
inflation. EIOPA evaluated the level of the UFR for insurance companies and set out a methodology for the 
use of a more dynamic UFR which would result in a decreasing UFR for the coming years. A lower level of 
UFR used in the calculation of the Solvency II regime would result in higher valuation of the insurance 
liabilities and lower own funds, which may in turn materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, 
revenue, results and financial condition. If the Group is not able to adequately comply with the Solvency II 
requirements, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, solvency, results and financial 
condition. 
In addition, the Group monitors its interest rate risk on a monthly basis. The Group’s interest rate policy is 
primarily aimed at reducing the sensitivity of the Solvency II ratio, but the interest rate position might also 
be assessed from the viewpoint of a moderate UFR or no recognition of the UFR. In a low interest rate 
environment this may lead to increased sensitivities of the Solvency II ratio which may result in a decrease 
of the Group's Solvency II ratio. 
Sustained low interest rate levels have had, and could continue to have, a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, revenues, results and financial condition. Interest rates used under Solvency II to value 
technical provisions could be higher than realised investment returns due to the application of the UFR. 
EIOPA will lower the UFR to be closer to actual rates with an immediate negative impact on own funds 
through the increase of the required Solvency II technical provisions.

--- Page 12 ---
12
Rising interest rates could reduce the value of fixed-income investments held by the Group, increase policy 
lapses and withdrawals, and increase collateral requirements under the Group's hedging arrangements, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and financial condition. 
If interest rates rise, the value of the Group's fixed income portfolio may decrease. Additionally, the Solvency 
II technical provisions may decrease, but due to the obligatory use of the UFR, the change in the Solvency II 
technical provisions may not offset the decrease in the value of fixed-income investments. Furthermore, rising 
interest rates could cause third parties to require the Group to post collateral in relation to its interest rate 
hedging arrangements. In periods of rising interest rates, policy lapses and withdrawals may increase as 
policyholders may believe they can obtain a higher rate of return in the market place. See also “Incorrect 
assumptions used in pricing products, establishing provisions and reporting business results could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and financial condition”. In order to satisfy 
the resulting obligations to make cash payments to policyholders, the Group may be forced to sell assets at 
reduced prices and thus realise investment losses. 
In the case of unit-linked policies, an increase in withdrawals would result in a decrease in the Group's assets 
under management (“AuM”), which would result in reduced fee income as the Group's fee income is typically 
linked to the value of the AuM. This would in turn reduce profitability and could adversely affect the Group's 
ability to implement its business plan or distribute capital. 
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
revenues, results and financial condition. 
The hedging programmes of the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries may prove inadequate or ineffective for 
the risks they address, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects
The Issuer and its subsidiaries employ hedging programmes with the objective of mitigating risks inherent in 
its business and operations. These risks include current or future changes in the fair value of the assets and 
liabilities of the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries, current or future changes in cash flows, the effect of 
interest rates, equity markets and credit spread changes, the occurrence of credit defaults, and currency 
exchange fluctuations. As part of its risk management strategy, the Issuer and its subsidiaries employ hedging 
programmes to control these risks by entering into derivative financial instruments, such as swaps, options, 
futures and forward contracts.
Developing an effective strategy for dealing with the risks described above is complex, and no strategy can 
completely protect the Issuer and its subsidiaries from such risks. Each of the hedging programmes of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries is based on financial market and customer behaviour models using, amongst others, 
statistics, observed historical market and customer behaviour, underlying fund performance, insurance policy 
terms and conditions, and the own judgment, expertise and experience of the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries. 
These models are complex and may not identify all exposures, may not accurately estimate the magnitude of 
identified exposures, or may not accurately determine the effectiveness of the hedge instruments, or fail to 
update hedge positions quickly enough to effectively respond to market movements. Furthermore, the 
effectiveness of these models depends on information regarding markets, customers, fund values, the 
insurance portfolio of the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries and other matters, each of which may not always be 
accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. Hedging programmes also involve transaction and other 
costs, and if the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries terminate a hedging arrangement, it may be required to pay 
additional costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. The Issuer and/or its subsidiaries may incur losses 
on transactions after taking into account hedging strategies. Although the Issuer and its subsidiaries have 
developed policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks associated with these hedging 
programmes, the hedging programmes may not be effective in mitigating the risk that they are intended to 
hedge, particularly during periods of financial market volatility.
Furthermore, the derivative counterparty in a hedging transaction may default on its obligations. Although it 
is the policy of the Issuer and its subsidiaries to fully collateralise derivative contracts, and differences in

--- Page 13 ---
13
market value of the collateral are settled between the relevant parties on a daily basis, it is still exposed to 
counterparty risk. For instance, the Issuer and its subsidiaries are dependent on third parties for the daily 
calculation of the market values of the derivative collateral. If these third parties (mostly large institutions) 
miscalculate the collateral required and the counterparty fails to fulfil its obligations under the derivative 
contract, it could result in unexpected losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
revenues, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuer. The inability to manage risks of the Issuer 
and/or its subsidiaries successfully through derivatives (including a single counterparty's default and the 
systemic risk that a default is transmitted from counterparty to counterparty) could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
Default Risk and Concentration Risk related to mortgage loans and related products 
The Group's business, revenues, results and financial condition are exposed to changes in legislation 
applicable to the housing market in the Netherlands and the Group's residential retail and commercial 
mortgage portfolio is exposed to the risk of default by borrowers and to declines in real estate prices which 
have a negative effect on the Group's mortgage portfolio
Various restrictions have been introduced in the Netherlands with respect to mortgage lending and the tax 
treatment of the mortgage loans. For the banking activities these restrictions may reduce the size of and 
income earned from the Group's total mortgage portfolio significantly.
The Dutch tax system allows borrowers to deduct, subject to certain limitations, mortgage interest payments 
for owner-occupied residences from their taxable income. Interest deductibility in respect of mortgage loans 
originated after 1 January 2013 is restricted and is only available in respect of mortgage loans which amortise 
over 30 years or less and are repaid on at least an annuity basis. Furthermore, the tax rate against which the 
mortgage interest may be deducted will be gradually reduced as of 1 January 2014 until a level of 37.05% is 
reached for each tax payer. This is expected to be achieved in 2023. On 1 January 2021, the applicable real 
estate transfer tax (overdrachtsbelasting) rate for non-owner occupied residential real estate increased from 
2% to 8%. The increase of the real estate transfer tax rate for non-owner occupied residential real estate was 
implemented as part of the Differentiation of Real Estate Transfer Tax Act (Wet differentiatie 
overdrachtsbelasting). At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not clear what the impact of these changes 
will be on the housing market and other factors relevant in relation to the mortgage loans. 
These changes and any other or further changes in the tax treatment could ultimately have an adverse impact 
on the ability of borrowers to pay interest and principal on their mortgage loans. In addition, changes in tax 
treatment may lead to different prepayment behaviour by borrowers on their (savings) mortgage loans 
resulting in higher or lower prepayment rates of such mortgage loans. This behaviour might also have an 
impact on the savings-linked products originated by the Group which are linked to savings mortgages. 
Finally, changes in tax treatment may have an adverse effect on the value of the mortgaged assets, which may 
lead to a loss for a borrower once the mortgaged asset is sold, which may lead to a loss on the mortgage loans.
The increasing restrictions applicable to the mortgage lending and the tax treatment of the mortgage loans 
may, among other things, have a material adverse effect on new origination, house prices and the rate of 
economic growth and may result in an increase of defaults or higher prepayment rates, as both will result in 
less earnings comprised mortgage loans. Also, borrower non-payments when due, payment disruptions or 
borrower defaults, e.g. in case of annuity mortgage loans, due to gradually increasing principal payments, or 
as a result of increasing interest rates (at future reset dates), may have a material adverse effect on the rate of 
economic recovery of the mortgage loans which would have a negative effect on the Group’s large mortgage 
portfolio. 
The Group is also exposed to the risk of default by borrowers under the mortgage loans. Borrowers may 
default on their obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy generally or 
declines in real estate prices, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. The value of the mortgaged asset in 
respect of these mortgage loans is exposed to decreases in real estate prices, arising for instance from 
downturns in the economy generally, oversupply of properties in the market, and changes in tax regulations

--- Page 14 ---
14
related to housing (such as the decrease in the deductibility of interest on mortgage payments described 
above). Furthermore, the value of the mortgaged asset in respect of these mortgage loans is exposed to 
destruction and damage resulting from floods and other natural and man-made disasters. Damage or 
destruction of the mortgaged asset also increases the risk of default by the borrower. For the Group, all of 
these exposures are concentrated in the Netherlands because the mortgage loans have been advanced, and are 
secured by commercial and residential property, in the Netherlands. 
For the purposes of available (regulatory) capital of the insurance business, mortgage loans are valued at fair 
market value and are therefore exposed to interest rate, prepayment and credit default risk. For instance, the 
model valuation of mortgage loans includes spreads observed in the markets for newly issued mortgage loans. 
If these spreads increase, the modelled value of the mortgage loans will decrease, which may result in 
unrealised losses under the International Financial Reporting Standards (the “IFRS”) as adopted by the EU 
and will cause decreases in the Group's available (regulatory) capital. Furthermore, if economic conditions 
in the Netherlands deteriorate (including due to increases in unemployment and property price declines) this 
could have an impact on the default rate which would decrease the fair value of the Group's mortgage loan 
portfolio. An increase of defaults, or the likelihood of defaults under, the Group's mortgage loans, or a decline 
in property prices in the Netherlands, has had, and could have, an adverse effect on Group's business, 
revenues, results and, or financial condition. 
Because the Group is exposed to counterparty default risk in relation to its savings-linked product portfolio, 
changes in relation to these counterparties or changes in the valuation method applicable to this portfolio 
under Solvency II may have an adverse effect on the Group's solvency position.
The Group's savings-linked product portfolio includes both contracts linked to mortgages originated by the 
Group, as well as contracts linked to mortgages originated by third parties. For savings-linked products linked 
to mortgages originated by third parties (and not transferred to the Group), the mortgage loan is not reflected 
on the Group's balance sheet. The mortgage savings are mainly recognised as “Other Investments” on the 
Economic Balance Sheet under Solvency II of Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V., for which 
it has an exposure to Counterparty Default Risk.
The Issuer classifies all savings related to mortgage products under Balance Sheet item “Other investments”. 
The "saving" line items comprise the saving sections on the Balance Sheet related to "mortgage saving 
insurance products". Due to legislation these products are not issued anymore. 
The above has an impact on the valuation of the savings deposits of these products and the related capital 
requirements. The valuation and the subsequent treatment of mortgage saving insurance products within the 
capital requirement is subject to an on-going discussion at national level between insurers and the national 
supervisor. Main issue is the fact that the valuation should be an adequate reflection of economic reality and 
should be in accordance with the Solvency II regulation. DNB is working on a solution in cooperation with 
the National Association of insurance companies (Verbond van Verzekeraars). The outcome of this 
discussion is unknown and could have an adverse effect on the Group’s solvency position.
Because the Issuer and its subsidiaries are exposed to financial risks such as credit risk, default risk, risks 
concerning the adequacy of its credit provisions and counterparty risks, it could have a significant effect on 
the value of the Issuer's assets
Credit risk refers to the potential losses incurred by the Issuer as a result of debtors not being able to fulfil 
their obligations when due, or a perceived increased likelihood thereof. Losses incurred due to credit risk 
include actual losses from defaults, market value losses due to credit rating downgrades and/or spread 
widening, or impairments and write-downs. The Issuer is exposed to various types of general credit risk, 
including spread risk, default risk and concentration risk. Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities 
or other assets may not pay or perform under their obligations. These parties may include customers, the 
issuers whose securities are being held by the Issuer, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and 
other derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries.

--- Page 15 ---
15
These parties may default on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in 
the economy or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons.
The business of the Issuer is also subject to risks that have their impact on the adequacy of its credit 
provisions. These provisions relate to the possibility that a counterparty may default on its obligations to the 
Issuer which arise from financial transactions. Depending on the actual realisation of such counterparty 
default, the current credit provisions may prove to be inadequate. If future events or the effects thereof do not 
fall within any of the assumptions, factors or assessments used by the Issuer to determine its credit provisions, 
these provisions could be inadequate.
The Issuer is also exposed to concentration risk, which is the risk of default by counterparties or investments 
in which it has taken large positions. A single default of a large exposure could therefore lead to a significant 
loss for the Issuer.
Additionally, the Issuer and its subsidiaries are exposed to counterparty risks in relation to other financial 
institutions. Due to the nature of the global financial system, financial institutions, such as the Issuer and the 
subsidiaries of the Issuer, are interdependent as a result of trading, counterparty and other relationships. The 
interdependence of financial institutions means that the failure of a sufficiently large and influential financial 
institution due to disruptions in the financial markets could materially disrupt securities markets or clearance 
and settlement systems in the markets. This could cause severe market declines or volatility. Such a failure 
could also lead to a chain of defaults by counterparties that could materially adversely affect the Issuer or its 
subsidiaries Deteriorations in the financial soundness of other financial institutions may, therefore, have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's and its subsidiaries' business, revenues, results and financial condition.
Market Risks Relating to the Group's Business
The Group's investment management business is complex and a failure to properly perform asset 
management services could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and 
financial condition 
The Group's investment management and related activities include, among other things, portfolio 
management, investment advice, fund administration and fiduciary services. In order to be competitive, the 
Group must properly perform its administrative, asset management and related responsibilities, including 
record keeping, accounting, valuation, corporate actions, compliance with investment guidelines and 
restrictions, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, use of derivatives for hedging and 
required distributions to fund shareholders. Furthermore, investments on behalf of policyholders and 
investments in relation to a number of pension contracts are managed by external asset managers. Failure by 
the Group to properly perform and monitor its investment management operations could lead to, among 
others, investments being made in breach of the mandates given by customers, poor investment decisions and 
poor asset allocation, the wrong investments being bought or sold or the incorrect monitoring of exposures 
as well as possible erosion of the Group's reputation or liability to pay compensation, existing customers 
withdrawing funds and potential customers not granting investment mandates, which could lead to a decrease 
in fee income. Additionally, if the Group does not provide satisfactory or appropriate investment returns, 
underperforms in relation to its competitors, does not sell an investment product which a customer requires 
or loses its key investment managers, existing customers may decide to reduce or liquidate their investment 
or, alternatively, transfer their mandates to another investment manager impacting the investment fees of the 
Group. In addition, potential customers may decide not to grant investment mandates. If the Group is able to 
grow its asset management business at the rate it currently intends, its exposure to these risks, and therefore 
also the risk of reputational damage and third-party claims, may increase. Any such failure could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and financial condition.

--- Page 16 ---
16
Because the Issuer and its subsidiaries are exposed to fluctuations in the equity, fixed income and property 
markets, it could result in a material adverse effect on its returns on invested assets and the value of its 
investment portfolio or its solvency position
The returns on the investments from the Issuer through its subsidiaries are highly susceptible to fluctuations 
in equity, fixed income and property markets. The Issuer through its subsidiaries bears all the risk associated 
with its own investments. Fluctuations in the equity, fixed income and property markets affect the Issuer's 
profitability, capital position and sales of equity related products. A decline in any of these markets will lead 
to a reduction of unrealised gains in the asset or result in unrealised losses and could result in impairments. 
Any decline in the market values of these assets reduces the Issuer's solvency, which could materially 
adversely impact the Issuer's financial condition and the Issuer's ability to attract or conduct new business. 
The value of the Issuer's own risk fixed income portfolio could be affected by changes in the credit rating of 
the issuer of the securities as well as by liquidity generally in the bond markets. When the credit rating of the 
issuer of the debt securities falls, the value of the fixed income security may also decline. In addition, some 
of the Issuer's or its subsidiaries fixed income securities are classified as financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss and, as a result, any decline in the market value of these fixed income securities is reflected as 
a loss in the period during which it occurred, even if the Issuer has not sold the securities but kept them in its 
portfolio. A decrease in the long-term interest rate primarily adversely affects the values of the Issuer through 
its subsidiaries' liabilities under traditional life contracts, as liabilities are discounted using market interest 
rates for supervisory reporting and/or (for a small part) financial reporting. This negative effect is partly offset 
by the simultaneous increase in the market value of fixed income assets. The net effect on the net asset 
value/surplus depends on the duration and volume matching of assets and liabilities as well as derivatives. In 
periods where interest rates are higher than the current interest rates and in periods of increasing long-term 
interest rates, the market value of fixed income assets and/or interest rate derivatives of the Issuer through its 
subsidiaries may continue to decrease, unlike the liabilities. As the Issuer has to maintain a minimum level 
of technical provisions for its liabilities pursuant to Capital Adequacy Regulations, there could be a gap 
between the interest rate sensitivity of the Issuer's liabilities and the interest rate sensitivity of the Issuer's 
assets, which may be difficult to hedge effectively. Furthermore, in periods where interest rates are higher 
than the current interest rates and in periods of increasing long-term interest rates, the market value of fixed 
income assets and/or interest rate derivatives of the Issuer may continue to decrease, whereas the minimum 
level of regulatory required capital may increase. As the Issuer anticipates it has to maintain a minimum level 
of capital in the future as prescribed by future applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations, there could be an 
interest rate sensitivity of net assets over the regulatory minimum capital requirement which may be difficult 
to hedge effectively.
The value of the Issuer's or its subsidiaries property portfolio is subject to risks related to, amongst others, 
occupancy levels, rent levels, consumer spending, prices of properties and interest rates. An economic 
downturn could result in the property market facing worsening commercial property occupancy levels and 
low consumer spending on residential property, which, in turn, could reduce returns on property investments. 
Occupancy levels could drop if the Issuer does not properly manage the contractual provisions governing the 
leases related to the properties. For instance, short-term contracts or provisions entitling customers to 
terminate contracts early could reduce occupancy. Since the second half of 2013, house prices in the 
Netherlands have, on average (noting regional differences in the rate of change), increased substantially. 
However, an economic downturn could also result in a decline in the market values of residential and 
commercial properties as a result of reluctance in the market to buy further property or to invest in new 
building projects. Any decline in the market values of its property investments could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, revenues, results and financial condition. The Issuer through its subsidiaries is 
exposed not only in respect of its own capital invested in equities, fixed income assets and property, but also 
in respect of its liabilities to policyholders in respect of the funds of policyholders and other customers 
invested in equities, fixed income assets and property under life insurance contracts such as unit-linked 
products and investment contracts. Many of the Issuer's life insurance products sold by its subsidiaries 
guarantee a minimum investment return or minimum accumulation at maturity to the policyholder. In the 
event that the decline in value of the invested assets is greater than the decline in liabilities associated with 
the guaranteed benefits, the Issuer must increase its provisions formed for the purpose of funding these future 
guaranteed benefits, which will result in an adverse impact on the Issuer's results. In addition, the Issuer's 
revenues from unit-linked products (including those without minimum guarantees) and investment contracts

--- Page 17 ---
17
depend on fees paid by the customer. Because those fees are generally assessed as a percentage of AuM, they 
vary directly with the market value of such assets. Therefore a general decline in financial markets, including 
in particular equity markets, will reduce the Issuer's revenues under these contracts.
A downgrade or a potential downgrade in the Group's credit or financial strength ratings could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's ability to raise additional capital, or increase the cost of additional 
capital, and could result in, amongst others, a loss of existing or potential business (including customer 
withdrawals), lower AuM and fee income and decreased liquidity, each of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and financial condition
In general, credit and financial strength ratings are important factors affecting public confidence in insurers, 
and are as such important to the Group's ability to sell its products and services to existing and potential 
customers. Credit ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding an entity's ability to repay its 
indebtedness. On an operating subsidiary level, financial strength ratings reflect the opinions of rating 
agencies on the financial ability of an insurance company to meet its obligations under an insurance policy, 
and are typically referred to as “claims-paying ability” ratings.
Rating agencies review insurers' ability to meet their obligations (including to policyholders and their 
creditworthiness generally) based on various factors, and assign ratings stating their current opinion in that 
regard. While most of the factors are specific to the rated company, some relate to general economic 
conditions, intercompany dependencies and other circumstances outside the rated company's control. Such 
factors might also include a downgrade of the sovereign credit rating of the Netherlands as rating agencies 
typically take into account the credit rating of the relevant sovereign in assessing the credit and financial 
strength ratings of corporate issuers (even if the sovereign does not have an ownership interest in the relevant 
issuer). Rating agencies have increased the level of scrutiny that they apply to financial institutions, have 
increased the frequency and scope of their reviews, have requested additional information from the companies 
that they rate, and may adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency 
models for maintenance of certain ratings levels. The Group may need to take actions in response to changing 
standards or capital requirements set by any of the rating agencies, which may not otherwise be in the best 
interests of the Group. The Group cannot predict what additional actions rating agencies may take, or what 
actions the Group may take in response to the actions of rating agencies. The outcome of such reviews may 
have adverse ratings consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
revenues, results and financial condition. 
On 17 March 2020, Fitch revised the Outlook on the Dutch insurance sector to Negative from Stable on 
increased financial markets volatility and heightened economic recession risk resulting from the coronavirus 
pandemic. Fitch believes disruptions in financial markets and the broader economy caused by the coronavirus 
outbreak could adversely affect Dutch insurers' mainly through weaker investment performance and higher 
asset risk while business models are relatively well shielded to the short- and long term effects of the 
coronavirus (“COVID-19”). On 2 December 2020, Fitch reinstated the outlook on the Dutch insurance sector 
from Negative to Stable. Fitch’s Stable outlook reflects the expectation of a stable non-life pricing trend, 
normalisation of healthcare claims levels, and improving fundamentals in the pension market driven by recent 
reforms. However, Fitch notes that weaker investment performance remains a key risk. 
On 29 April 2020 and 4 September 2020, Fitch affirmed the Issuer Financial Strength rating of the Group’s 
core operating entities of A+ with a stable outlook. However, the extraordinary nature of the COVID-19 
outbreak, the magnitude of the responses and the speed at which the events are unfolding make it likely that 
risks will be seen that have not been observed before. As such, the Issuer could experience rating and/or 
rating outlook changes reflective of the circumstances.
A downgrade of the Group's or its operating subsidiaries' credit or financial strength ratings, and a 
deteriorating capital position, in each case relative to the Group's competitors, could affect the Group's 
competitive position as comparative ratings are one of the factors typically considered by potential customers 
and third-party distributors, in selecting an insurer. Tied agents make a similar choice when they agree to 
become tied to an insurer. A downgrade of an insurer's credit or financial strength ratings may also contribute

--- Page 18 ---
18
to the decision of a tied agent to terminate its relationship with that insurer and move to another insurer. Such 
a downgrade may also lead to increased withdrawals, lapses of life insurance policies by existing customers 
as they may elect to move their business to insurers with higher ratings. A downgrade in the Group's credit 
ratings or in any of its operating subsidiaries' financial strength ratings could thus lead to a decrease in the 
Group's AuM, lower fee income, and decreased liquidity. In addition, a downgrade could reduce public 
confidence in the Group and its operating insurance company subsidiaries and thereby reduce demand for its 
products and increase the number or amount of policy withdrawals by policyholders. These withdrawals 
could require the sale of invested assets, including illiquid assets, at a price that may result in investment 
losses. Cash payments to policyholders could reduce the value of AuM and therefore result in lower fee 
income. A downgrade in the Group's or its operating subsidiaries' credit ratings could also (a) make it more 
difficult or more costly to access additional debt and equity capital, including hybrid capital, or to redeem 
and replace such capital (b) increase collateral requirements, give rise to additional payments, or afford 
termination rights, to counterparties under derivative contracts or other agreements, and (c) impair, or cause 
the termination of, the Group's relationships with creditors, distributors, reinsurers or trading counterparties, 
each of which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and financial 
condition.
Sales of life insurance products in the Netherlands have been declining since 2008. Further declines in sales 
volumes could, over time, lead to a further decline of the Group's life insurance portfolio and, if the Group 
is unable to adjust its cost base, have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results and 
financial condition 
The Group's life insurance business is shrinking and in recent years the Group has reduced its product 
offerings in respect of life insurance. 
More generally, sales of life insurance products in the Netherlands have declined significantly since 2008; 
the total market for life insurance products decreased from €26.4 billion gross written premiums (“GWP”) 
in 2008 to €17.5 billion in 2014 (source: the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank), “DNB”).When 
stock markets began to decline commencing in 2006, unit-linked products became less attractive due to their 
lower returns for policyholders. These lower returns triggered a discussion on costs and cost transparency 
issues and resulted in negative publicity and litigation. See also “Description of the Issuer – Litigation”. This 
litigation and/or actions taken by regulators or governmental authorities against the Group or other insurers 
in respect of these products (including unit-linked life insurance products), settlements, collective or 
otherwise, or other actions taken by other insurers and sector-wide measures could substantially affect the 
Group's insurance business and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
reputation, revenues, results, solvency and financial condition. In its sector-wide investigation report of 2008, 
the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the “AFM”) 
estimated that in the Netherlands, in total, up to and including 2005, approximately 7.2 million individual 
unit-linked retail policies had been sold, while volumes of such policies sold decreased rapidly thereafter due 
to the negative publicity associated with them. Legislative changes introduced in 2008 have enabled banks 
to offer bank annuity products that compete with life insurance products and benefit from the same tax 
efficiency as mortgage or pension-related Individual life insurance products. Since 2013, the sale of new bank 
annuity products has started to decline due to the fact that mortgage products are now mainly linear or annuity 
mortgage products, limiting the need for bank savings products. Further declines in such sales volumes, in 
particular if the Group is unable to reduce costs in line with any such decline in life insurance portfolios, 
including by increasing the share of variable expenses while lowering fixed costs, or to maintain the retention 
rate of existing customers, could lead to a further decline of its life insurance portfolio and have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, solvency condition, revenues, results and financial condition. The 
Group has decided that the Dutch life and pension business will be a closed book, with the exception of term 
life insurance and annuities. Therefore, the Dutch life and pensions portfolio of the Group will gradually 
decline which will require a focus on cost management. It is expected that the solvency position will remain 
adequate because of release of the risk margin. However revenues and financial results will gradually 
decrease which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, solvency condition, revenues, 
results and financial condition.

--- Page 19 ---
19
Liquidity Risk
Lack of liquidity at the Issuer and lack of liquidity for operating entities, along with the inability to upstream 
capital and liquidity from subsidiaries to the Issuer are risks to the Group's business and may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, revenues, results, ability to upstream dividends and financial 
condition 
The Group is subject to the risk that it cannot meet its payments and collateral obligations when due without 
significant losses or at all. In case of an increase in interest rates, the value of interest rate derivatives could 
decrease, potentially leading to a substantial higher collateral obligation. The Group is also subject to the risk 
of not being able to meet expected or unexpected current or future cash outflows or collateral needs without 
affecting the financial condition of the Group. The Group is subject to the risk that it cannot sell an asset 
without significantly affecting the market price of the asset due to insufficient supply and demand, and to the 
risk of market disruption, changes in applicable haircuts and market value or uncertainty about the time 
required to sell an asset or exit a trading position. 
The lack of liquidity in certain investment assets could prevent the Group from selling investments at fair 
prices in a timely manner. Each asset purchased and liability sold has unique liquidity characteristics. Some 
assets have high liquidity, meaning that they can be converted into cash relatively quickly, while other assets, 
such as privately placed loans, mortgage loans, property and limited partnership interests, generally have low 
liquidity. Market downturns generally reduce the liquidity of investments during the period of market 
disruption. They may also reduce the liquidity of those assets which are typically liquid, as has occurred with 
markets for asset-backed securities relating to property assets and other collateralised debt and loan 
obligations. The Group holds certain assets that have low liquidity, such as privately placed fixed income 
securities, commercial and residential mortgage loans, asset-backed securities, government bonds of certain 
countries, private equity investments and real estate. Due to the lack of liquidity in the capital markets for 
certain assets, which may intensify and affect previously liquid assets during times of market disruption, the 
Group may be unable to sell or buy assets at market efficient prices and may therefore realise investment 
losses or be obliged to issue securities at higher financing costs. 
The Group's banking subsidiary, Achmea Bank N.V. (“Achmea Bank”), is exposed to the risk of customer 
deposit outflows. In the event of larger than expected customer deposit outflows the Group would need to 
seek alternate funding, such as wholesale funding, and would be subject to the risk of an inability to attract 
wholesale funding to fund its illiquid assets, in particular its mortgage portfolio. There can be no assurance 
that liquidity available elsewhere in the Group can or may be made available to the Group or affected 
subsidiary or that any such entity will have access to external sources of liquidity. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is a holding entity and its liquidity depends on the ability of the Group to upstream 
capital and liquidity from its subsidiaries. The Issuer is also dependent on dividend payments by its 
subsidiaries to service its debt and expenses. Payments of dividends to the Issuer by its subsidiaries may be 
restricted by applicable laws and regulations, including laws establishing minimum solvency and liquidity 
thresholds. For instance, dividend distributions by the operating insurance companies may not be permitted 
by DNB. In the event that an insurance company does not comply with the applicable solvency requirements 
or foresees that it might not meet these requirements in the twelve (12) following months, it requires a 
declaration of no objection from DNB for (i) a reduction of its equity by either repayment of capital or a 
distribution of provisions, or (ii) the distribution of dividend. This legal requirement may negatively affect 
the profitability of the Issuer. In addition to restrictions as a result of applicable laws and regulations for 
payment of dividends by subsidiaries, dividend upstreams may also become restricted because of the Group's 
own policies, such as taking into account additional considerations with respect to capital, leverage and 
liquidity requirements, other regulatory requirements or constraints, strategy, future income, profits, 
resources available for distribution, financial conditions, growth opportunities, the outlook of the subsidiary, 
its short-term and long-term viability, general economic conditions and any circumstances that the Executive 
Board (as defined below) may deem relevant or appropriate, including additional capital and liquidity buffers 
deemed adequate in furtherance of the subsidiary's moderate risk profile. Further, the Group has a large 
derivatives portfolio, which could require it to post (additional) collateral, reducing its available funds.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Although the Group has a liquidity management policy in place to manage liquidity risk, this policy may 
prove to be ineffective. 
In January 2017, the Dutch House of Representatives (Tweede Kamer) voted in favour of the proposed Act 
prohibiting profit distribution by health insurers (the “APPDH”, Wet verbod op winstuitkering door 
zorgverzekeraars). On 13 June 2017, the Dutch Senate (Eerste Kamer) has put its voting for this proposal on 
hold, due to an amendment (novelle) that was prepared in order to amend the APPDH based on advice given 
by DNB and the Dutch Health Authority (Nederlandse Zorgautoriteit). This amendment was sent for advice 
to the Council of State (Raad van State) in July 2018, as well as to DNB and the Health Authority. After 
studying all the advices the initiators of the proposed act will send the amendment for voting to the Dutch 
House of Representatives and, after being approved there, to the Dutch Senate. It was first expected that the 
APPDH would come into force as of 1 January 2018, however, this date is now very unclear.
The APPDH and its amendment prohibit health insurers (those entities that execute the mandatory basic 
health insurance) to distribute profits to its shareholders. The APPDH, may have a negative impact on the 
solvency ratio of the Issuer because under the APPDH, its health insurance subsidiaries that execute the 
mandatory health insurance will not be allowed to distribute profits to Group entities which are shareholder. 
As a result of the fact that the initial APPDH, as well as its amendment, leaves much room for various 
interpretations, the Issuer cannot determine the impact - if any - on the solvency capital on group level. The 
APPDH may also negatively affect the financial results of the Issuer's health insurance subsidiaries, for 
instance because those subsidiaries may become increasingly dependent on external financing which has 
another cost structure.
Because Achmea Bank faces refinancing risks in the capital markets, Achmea Bank might face substantial 
liquidity risks
Achmea Bank faces liquidity risk, which means that funding and liquid assets will not be (sufficiently) 
available as a result of which the Issuer may not be able to meet short-term financial obligations. The 
sensitivity of Achmea Bank to this risk is substantial. The amount of mortgage loans on the Issuer's balance 
sheet exceeds the amount of savings money attracted. This has resulted in a dependency on wholesale funding 
including the use of securitisation of the mortgage portfolios and the issue of covered bonds and secured euro 
medium term notes. The gap between mortgage loans granted and savings and deposits entrusted is funded 
in the money and capital markets. Good access to these markets may be necessary to finance the growth of 
the mortgage loan portfolio and to refinance all outstanding loans with a shorter maturity than the mortgage 
loans in which the money is invested. The access to the money and capital markets may be affected by 
concerns about the credit strength of Achmea Bank, but may also be influenced by concerns about the markets 
segments in which Achmea Bank is active, or by a general market disruption. Access to the markets may be 
further affected by a deterioration of the credit rating of the Issuer. 
Operational Risks
The Group is reliant on data quality and models, including for example for calculating Solvency II own funds 
and required capital. In addition, the increasing demands from supervisory and other authorities both as far 
as detail and frequency of reporting is concerned, are a significant burden on the Group with the 
accompanying risk that errors are made, information is reported past deadlines and that fines and other 
penalties are incurred. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, reputation, results 
and financial condition
The Group uses large amounts of data in its business including to price its products and run its actuarial and 
risk models (see also “Incorrect assumptions used in pricing products, establishing provisions and reporting 
business results could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, revenues, results and financial 
condition”). If the data management uses is incorrect or incomplete this may lead to incorrect or untimely 
decisions by management. Additionally, defects and errors in the Group's financial processes, systems and 
reporting, including both human and technical error, could result in a late delivery of internal and external 
reports, or reports with insufficient or inaccurate information.

--- Page 21 ---
21
The Group is also subject to increasingly detailed and extensive information requests made with increasing 
frequency from supervisory and other authorities in the Netherlands. As the frequency of requests and the 
amount and detail of data requested increases, where requests regularly overlap and the formats of requests 
may differ or be subject to different requirements, more administrative, operational and IT resources are 
required for compliance. The Group's difficulty in responding to these requests is aggravated by its reporting 
chain being complex and the fact that in the Group's current financial reporting, business units and legal 
entities do not always coincide. Although the Group is managing the consequences of regulatory change and 
the increase in data requests from authorities, the Group cannot fully mitigate or eliminate those risks.
The complexity of the Group's reporting chain is due to, among other things, different IT systems in use by 
the relevant business units, legacy issues, certain data and documentation not being recorded in a uniform 
manner or being recorded inaccurately. When the Group receives a request for information from a supervisory 
or other authority, the data required may not always be readily available or may not be available in a format 
that allows processing without human intervention. The Group may then need to manually collect and collate 
data from its various systems and from within different business units and convert it into a format compliant 
with reporting requirements. This creates a risk that mistakes are made, deadlines are missed or that reporting 
requirements are not complied with. It may also force the Group to significantly increase its spending on 
compliance and IT. Furthermore, regulatory reporting requirements may be contradictory with each other, 
making compliance more difficult. Missing deadlines or in other manners not or not fully complying with 
reporting requirements could lead to substantial fines and other penalties. The developments described above 
could also lead to tension between any new regulatory obligations and the duty of care of the Group or privacy 
considerations that apply in certain jurisdictions. Although the Group conducts its business mainly in the 
Netherlands, it may be subject to the requirements of governments or supervisory and other authorities in 
other jurisdictions that may not necessarily be compatible with requirements in the Netherlands. Any of the 
above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, reputation, results and financial condition.
Because the Issuer is exposed to failures in risk management systems, this could have a significant impact on 
the financial condition of the Issuer
The Issuer invests substantial time and effort in its strategies and procedures for managing not only credit 
and concentration risk, but also other risks, such as strategic risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk 
and conduct of business risk. These strategies and procedures could nonetheless fail or not be fully effective 
under some circumstances, particularly if the Issuer is confronted with risks that it has not fully or adequately 
identified or anticipated. Some of the methods of the Issuer for managing risk are based upon observations 
of historical market behaviour. Statistical techniques are applied to these observations in order to arrive at 
quantifications of some of the risk exposures of the Issuer. These statistical methods may not accurately 
quantify the risk exposure of the Issuer if circumstances arise which were not observed in its historical data. 
For example, as the Issuer through its subsidiaries offers new products or services, the historical data may be 
incomplete or not accurate for such new insurance products or services. If circumstances arise which the 
Issuer did not identify, anticipate or correctly evaluate during the development of its statistical models, its 
losses could be greater than the maximum losses initially envisaged. Furthermore, the quantifications do not 
take all risks or market conditions into account. If the measures used to assess and mitigate risk prove 
insufficient, the Issuer may experience unanticipated losses, which could have a material adverse effect on 
its business, revenues, results and financial condition.
Reputational Risk
Because the Issuer is exposed to the risk of damage to any of its brands or its reputation it could have a 
significant impact on the financial condition of the Issuer
The Issuer's success and results are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of its brands and the Issuer's 
reputation. The Issuer and its products are vulnerable to adverse market perception as it operates in an industry 
where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. The Issuer relies on its brands such as Zilveren 
Kruis, FBTO, Centraal Beheer, Interpolis, Avéro Achmea, InShared and De Friesland. The Issuer is exposed 
to the risk that litigation (such as on mis-selling), employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of

--- Page 22 ---
22
regulatory investigations, press speculation and negative publicity, amongst others, whether or not founded, 
could damage its brands or reputation. Any of the Issuer's brands or the Issuer's reputation could also be 
harmed if products or services recommended by the Issuer (or any of its subsidiaries) do not perform as 
expected (whether or not the expectations are founded) or the customer's expectations for the product change. 
Any damage to the Issuer's brands (or brands associated with the Issuer) or reputation could cause existing 
customers or intermediaries to withdraw their business from the Issuer and its subsidiaries and potential 
customers or intermediaries to be reluctant or elect not to do business with the Issuer. Furthermore, negative 
publicity could result in greater regulatory scrutiny and influence market or rating agencies' perception of the 
Issuer, which could make it more difficult for the Issuer to maintain its credit rating. Any damage to the 
Issuer's brands or reputation could cause disproportionate damage to the Issuer's business, even if the negative 
publicity is factually inaccurate or unfounded.
Financial Reporting Risks
Changes in accounting standards or policies could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reported 
results and shareholders' equity 
Since 2005, the Group's financial statements have been prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS—
including the International Accounting Standards (“IAS") and Interpretations—as endorsed by the EU. 
Therefore, the Group is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognised 
authoritative bodies, including the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), periodically. 
The following significant standards and interpretations were issued in the first half of 2020 or prior years by 
the IASB and are not applied by the Group in preparing its consolidated financial statements over 2019. As 
at 30 June 2020, these were: 
Endorsed by the EU:

IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (issued on 24 July 2014; effective for periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2018).
Not yet endorsed by the EU: 

IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (issued on 18 May 2017 and amended in June 2020; effective for 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023); and

Amendments to IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts - deferral of IFRS 9 (effective date 1 January 2021), 
under which the temporary exemption from applying IFRS 9 has been extended until 1 January 2023 
in line with the change to the effective date of IFRS 17.
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: IFRS 9 introduces a new model for the classification of financial assets. 
This model is driven by the cash flow characteristics and the business model in which an asset is held. With 
regard to financial liabilities the changes as a result of IFRS 9 are limited and for most financial liabilities the 
existing amortised cost measurement can be maintained. As part of IFRS 9, the IASB has introduced an 
expected-loss model to determine impairment losses. This model requires taking into account expected credit 
losses when financial instruments are first recognised. In case of a significant credit deterioration expected 
credit losses should be taken into account for the full lifetime. Finally, IFRS 9 introduces a model for hedge 
accounting that aligns the accounting treatment with risk management activities. The standard is effective for 
reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018, with early application permitted. The Group will 
delay the application of this standard, which is permitted under the deferral approach included in the 
Amendments to IFRS 4. The Group is assessing the impact of this standard, taking into account the interaction 
with the future standard for the accounting of insurance contracts. The implementation of IFRS 9 could have 
a material adverse effect on the reported results and the reported financial condition.

--- Page 23 ---
23
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts: IFRS 17 establishes a number of principles in relation to the recognition, 
presentation, measurement and disclosure of insurance contracts. The purpose of the standard is to ensure 
that the effect of insurance contracts within the scope of IFRS 17 on the financial position, result and cash 
flows is adequately reflected in the financial statements and can be compared with other entities. The standard 
shall be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with early adoption being 
permitted. In 2020, the IASB made the decision to postpone the required implementation date to 1 January 
2023. As at 30 June 2020 the standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU. Following publication of the 
standard, an implementation process began, which is taking into account the interaction with the future 
standard on financial instruments (IFRS 9). At present the Group has not yet made choices regarding the 
options offered by IFRS 17 and it is too early to quantify the impact of IFRS 17 on the equity and result. 
However, the initial application of this standard is expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s 
consolidated financial statements.
Except for the above (amendments to) standards, there are (amendments to) standards that were issued in the 
first half of 2020 or prior years and are not applied by the Group in preparing its Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2019. Since these amendments to standards have no impact on Total equity, Net result and have 
no impact or a limited impact on the presentation and notes of the Group, they are not described further.
It concerns the following (amendments to) standards which have not been endorsed by the EU as at 30 June 
2020:

Amendments to IAS 1: Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as Current 
or Non-current (effective date 1 January 2023);

Amendment to IFRS 16 Leases Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions (effective date 1 June 2020); 
and

Amendments to IFRS 3 Business Combinations, IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment, IAS 37 
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets as well as Annual Improvements (effective 
date 1 January 2022).
Regulatory/Legal and Compliance Risks
Because each of the Issuer and the Group operates in a highly regulated industry, changes in statutes, 
regulations and regulatory policies that govern activities in its various business lines could have an effect on 
its operations and its net profits
The insurance business and other operations of the Issuer and the Group are subject to insurance and financial 
services statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that govern what products the Issuer and/or the Group 
sell and how the Issuer and the Group manage their business. Changes in existing statutes, regulations and 
regulatory policies, as well as changes in the implementation of such statutes, regulations and regulatory 
policies may affect the way the Issuer and the Group do business, their ability to sell new policies, products 
or services and their claims exposure on existing policies. In addition, changes in tax laws may affect its tax 
position and/or the attractiveness of certain of its products, some of which currently have favourable tax 
treatment.
The Issuer and the Group are subject to supervisory or regulatory laws and regulations on the basis whereof 
they will be required to maintain minimum required levels of a solvency margin and/or a capital adequacy 
ratio. Changes in such supervisory or regulatory laws and regulations may have a material effect on the 
business, financial condition and operations of the Issuer and the Group and on payments by the Issuer under 
the Notes, including deferral or cancellation thereof.
The European Union has adopted a full scale revision of the solvency framework and prudential regime 
applicable to insurance companies, reinsurance companies and insurance groups through Directive 
2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and

--- Page 24 ---
24
pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance as completed by the Omnibus II Directive 
(2011/0006(COD)) (“Solvency II”). The framework for Solvency II is set out in the Solvency II Directive. 
In the Netherlands, the legislation implementing the Solvency II Directive came into force on 1 January 2016. 
Solvency II has been already been subject to review and amendments and will likely be further amended in 
the near future. For example, in 2020 a review of the Solvency II framework has taken place. Following a 
consultation, on 17 December 2020, EIOPA provided technical advice to the European Commission in the 
form of an opinion on the assessment of certain aspects of Solvency II. It is not possible to foresee exactly 
what the changes resulting from the 2020 Solvency II review (including EIOPA’s opinion) and any further 
reviews will be and consequently, what the impact would be on the Group or on the rights of holders of the 
Notes, but depending on the nature of the changes, these could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
solvency position.
Furthermore, in some cases, the Dutch supervisor could implement a stricter interpretation compared to 
supervisors in other countries, possibly resulting in a (significant) adjustment of Solvency II figures. In 
addition, although the Group believes the assumptions and interpretation it uses for the Solvency II 
calculations are correct (i.e. performed according to the Solvency II regulation), it is possible that the regulator 
may require changes in these assumptions or interpretations and such changes could be required for future 
years or periods even if not required for the most recently completed period. For instance, the regulator may 
consider that the loss absorbing capacity of deferred taxes (also known as LAC DT) as included in the 
calculation needs to be adjusted downwards, or that the counterparty risk module does not satisfactory reflect 
all the risks of the Group's mortgage portfolio. Furthermore, a changing methodology for the treatment of 
future expenses and future management actions (such as en-bloc increases of premiums) within the Solvency 
II calculation could have a negative effect on the Solvency II figures.
Given the possibility of further changes to the regime, the effects of Solvency II on the Group's business, 
solvency margins and capital requirements are uncertain but could be material. While the aim of Solvency II 
is to introduce a harmonised, risk-based approach to solvency capital, there is the risk that regulators introduce 
capital add-ons or strict, unexpected parameters for internal models, or that a lack of proper management 
information due to uncertainty about the regulatory changes could lead to insufficient solvency levels once 
those changes are applied. In addition, as it is currently unknown how much capital the Group must set aside 
due to such a change, there is a risk that the Group could underestimate or over-estimate its capital position, 
which in turn could result in incorrect investment and risk return decisions. If changes in the regime lead to 
insufficient solvency levels, there is a reputational risk which could limit the Group's ability to access the 
capital markets.
Should the Group not be able to adequately comply with the Solvency II requirements in relation to capital 
(including with respect to grandfathering of existing subordinated loan structures), risk management, 
documentation and reporting processes, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, solvency, 
results and financial condition. 
Recovery and resolution frameworks for insurance companies
As an insurance group subject to primary supervision of DNB, the Group and the Issuer are subject to various 
recovery and resolution frameworks for insurance companies. At a European level initiatives have also been 
undertaken to harmonise the recovery and resolution frameworks for insurance companies within the EU, 
which may lead to further changes. The insurance recovery and resolution frameworks to which the Issuer 
and the Group are subject and related risks are as follows:
General: If the financial position of an insurance company deteriorates, DNB may take certain measures 
against the insurance company concerned, depending on the nature of the situation. For instance, DNB may 
request an insurance company to draw up a recovery plan (herstelplan) or a short-term financing plan 
(financieel korte-termijnplan) if it does not meet the relevant solvency requirements. The recovery plan must 
contain measures which aim to recover the financial position of the insurance company concerned and the

--- Page 25 ---
25
short-term financing plan must aim to solve the capital shortfall within three (3) months. In addition, DNB 
may limit the free disposal of the insurance company over its assets in certain severe circumstances. 
Dutch Intervention Act: In exceptional circumstances, the Issuer and financial firms (financiële 
ondernemingen) within the Group may become subject to expropriation measures. The Dutch Minister of 
Finance may take far-reaching measures or expropriate - among others – securities, such as the Notes, issued 
by or with the consent of a financial institution or its parent company, in each case if it has its corporate seat 
in the Netherlands, if in the Minister of Finance's opinion the stability of the financial system is in serious 
and immediate danger as a result of the situation in which the firm finds itself. 
Insurers Recovery and Resolution Act: On 1 January 2019, the Insurers Recovery and Resolution Act (Wet 
herstel en afwikkeling verzekeraars) (“IRRA”) entered into force. With the IRRA, the legislative framework 
for the recovery and resolution of insurers is strengthened and a new recovery and resolution framework was 
introduced under which certain obligations are imposed on insurers and certain resolution powers are 
conferred on DNB. The new recovery and resolution framework applies to, among others, all insurers who 
are subject to DNB's prudential supervision. In the case of a group consisting of one or more insurers and one 
or more banks (a financial conglomerate), the recovery and resolution powers in the new framework may be 
exercised only against the insurer(s). If an entity falls within the scope of both the resolution regime for banks 
and the corresponding regime for insurers (for example, because it is a mixed financial holding company), 
the regime for banks will have priority because of its basis in EU law.
The IRRA distinguishes two phases: the preparation phase and the resolution phase. During the preparation 
phase, each insurer is required to draw up a preparatory crisis plan and DNB is required to draw up (and 
periodically evaluate) a resolution plan for each insurer. During the resolution phase, DNB has several 
recovery and resolution tools. The resolution tools include the bail-in tool, the sale of business tool, the bridge 
institution tool and the asset separation tool. In addition to the abovementioned resolution tools and 
corresponding powers, the IRRA gives DNB special powers to take actions such as: (i) taking over the 
management of an insurer under resolution, (ii) appointing a special director to take over the insurer's 
management, (iii) converting the insurer into a different legal form if this is necessary to apply bail-in, and 
(iv) terminating or modifying the terms of an agreement to which the insurer is a party.
The IRRA provides that the resolution of insurers will be funded through financial contributions by other 
insurers. This is an ex post arrangement, meaning that – unlike under the BRRD/SRM framework– it does 
not entail the establishment of a fund. DNB will set the amount of their contributions.
The application of any measures described above would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's and the 
Group's business, financial position and results of operations.
EMIR
The Issuer's derivative activities remain subject to significant reform as a result of Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012, as amended ("EMIR"). EMIR already requires the Issuer to centrally clear certain OTC-derivatives 
and report its derivative contracts to a trade repository. It furthermore requires the Issuer to exchange variation 
and initial margin with certain of its counterparties, which group of counterparties will be extended in the 
near future. This will lead to an increased margining obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer runs the risk that it 
will not be able to have the necessary contractual documentation and operational process timely in place in 
order to be able to trade or continue trading with the relevant counterparties. This will lead to additional 
compliance costs for the Issuer. Furthermore, the central clearing of OTC derivatives with central 
counterparties established in the UK is subject to ongoing developments and uncertainties in the context of 
Brexit, including due to recent revisions to EMIR's regulatory framework for non-EU central counterparties. 
This may affect the Issuer's ability to trade or continue trading with the relevant UK counterparties.

--- Page 26 ---
26
Because the banking business of the Issuer is subject to significant adverse regulatory developments including 
changes in regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, the results of the Issuer can be materially affected
The Issuer through its banking subsidiary, Achmea Bank, conducts its businesses subject to on-going 
regulatory and associated risks, including the effects of changes in law, regulations, and policies in the 
Netherlands. The timing and form of future changes in regulation are unpredictable and beyond the control 
of the Issuer, and changes made could materially adversely affect the Issuer's banking business.
As a result of its banking activities, the Group is subject to detailed banking and other financial services laws 
and government regulation in the Netherlands, of which a non-exhaustive summary is set out below. The 
banking subsidiary of the Issuer is required to hold a licence for its operations and is subject to regulation and 
supervision by authorities in the Netherlands such as DNB, the AFM and in all other jurisdictions in which 
it operates. Extensive regulations are already in place and new regulations and guidelines are introduced 
relatively frequently. Regulators and supervisory authorities seem to be taking an increasingly strict approach 
to regulation and the enforcement thereof that may not be to the Group's benefit. A breach of any regulations 
by the banking subsidiary of the Issuer could lead to intervention by supervisory authorities and the banking 
subsidiary of the Issuer could come under investigation and surveillance, and be involved in judicial or 
administrative proceedings. The Group may also become subject to new regulations and guidelines that may 
require additional investments in systems and people and compliance with which may place additional 
burdens, costs or restrictions on the Group.
Basel IV/CRD IV/EU Banking Reforms
Regulatory requirements with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity, relevant for Achmea Bank, proposed 
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and being implemented in the 
European Union through, among others, the CRD IV Directive and the CRR, as these are amended from time 
to time. These requirements are subject to ongoing change, and are expected to become more stringent. This 
is especially due to the implementation and entry into force of the change to CRD IV included in the EU 
banking package adopted in April 2019 (the "EU Banking Reforms") and the finalised Basel III reforms as 
published on 7 December 2017 (the "Basel III Reforms") (informally referred to as Basel IV). The foregoing 
measures are expected to require the Issuer to attract and retain additional and/or enhanced capital and 
liquidity, and will impact Achmea Bank's day-to-day business. Notable changes that will affect its business 
includes changes to the requirements for the risk-weighting of mortgages and the introduction of an output 
floor. Achmea Bank expects that as of 2022, due to the Basel III Reforms its RWA will increase to a limited 
extent and that its CET1 capital ratio will be adversely affected to a limited extent as a consequence. 
Furthermore and finally, the impact of these changes to the applicable prudential regime to Achmea Bank 
and as a result on the Issuer itself is yet to be fully determined by the Issuer This is among others due to the 
fact that the EU Banking Reforms and Basel III Reforms are still subject (in part) to further implementation 
in EU or national laws.
AML Directive/AML Regulation
Further AML rules, as laid down in, among others, Directive 2015/849/EU (the "AML Directive") and 
accompanying Regulation (EU) No 2015/847 (the "AML Regulation"), as these are amended from time to 
time. Achmea Bank complies with the AML Directive and the AML Regulation. Early 2019, it has updated 
and amended its relevant policies, rules and procedures (to the extent necessary). Achmea Bank maintains a 
close and continuous survey on development and creation of new anti-money laundering laws. However, 
future amendments could adversely affect Achmea Bank’s and, as a result, the Issuer's financial position, 
credit rating and results of operations and prospects.
Risks related to the Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD and SRM
In 2012, the Dutch government adopted banking legislation dealing with ailing banks (Special Measures 
Financial Institutions Act, Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen, the “Dutch Intervention 
Act”). Pursuant to the Dutch Intervention Act, substantial new powers were granted to DNB and the Dutch 
Minister of Finance enabling them to deal with, inter alia, ailing Dutch banks prior to insolvency.

--- Page 27 ---
27
The national framework for intervention by DNB with respect to banks has been replaced by the SRM (see 
below) and the law implementing the resolution framework set out in the BRRD (see below). However, the 
powers granted to the Dutch Minister of Finance under the Dutch Intervention Act remain. The Dutch 
Intervention Act empowers the Dutch Minister of Finance to (i) commence proceedings leading to ownership 
by the Dutch State (nationalisation) of the relevant financial institution, or also its parent company and 
expropriation of  assets and liabilities, claims against it and/or securities, and (ii) take immediate measures 
which may deviate from statutory provisions or from the articles of association of the relevant financial 
institution, in each case if it has its corporate seat in the Netherlands, if in the Minister of Finance's opinion 
the stability of the financial system is in serious and immediate danger as a result of the situation in which 
the firm finds itself.
On 12 June 2014, a directive providing for the establishment of a European-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (2014/59/EU, “BRRD”) was published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union. The BRRD is currently in force and EU Member States were required 
to adopt and publish the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the BRRD 
by 31 December 2014. The measures set out in the BRRD (including the Bail-in Tool, as defined below) have 
been implemented in national law with effect from 26 November 2015.
The BRRD sets out a common European recovery and resolution framework which is composed of three 
pillars: preparation (by requiring banks to draw up recovery plans and resolution authorities to draw up 
resolution plans), early intervention powers and resolution powers. In addition, BRRD provides preferential 
ranking on insolvency for certain deposits that are eligible for protection by deposit guarantee schemes 
(including the uninsured element of such deposits and, in certain circumstances, deposits made in non-EEA 
branches of EEA credit institutions). The stated aim of BRRD is, similar to the Dutch Intervention Act, to 
provide relevant authorities with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order 
to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers' exposure to losses.
For banks established in a Member State participating in the Single Supervisory Mechanism, such as Achmea 
Bank, the BRRD is implemented by the directly binding regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “SRM”). The 
SRM establishes a single European resolution board (the “Resolution Board”) having resolution powers 
over the institutions that are subject to the SRM, in particular institutions which are deemed significant under 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national resolution 
authorities within the euro area. Currently, DNB in its capacity of national resolution authority (“NRA”) shall 
perform resolution tasks and responsibilities under the SRM with respect to Achmea Bank (as a less 
significant institution under the Single Supervisory Mechanism). However, the Resolution Board may take 
over the role of the NRA with respect to Achmea Bank in certain circumstances set out in the SRM. In such 
case, the Resolution Board has the authority to exercise the specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM 
which are similar to those of the NRA under the BRRD and SRM. The resolution tools available for the 
Resolution Board include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool and 
the Bail-in Tool as further specified in the SRM.
The SRM and BRRD apply not only to banks, but may also apply to certain investment firms, group entities 
and (to a limited extent) branches of equivalent non-EEA banks and investment firms. In connection 
therewith, the SRM and BRRD recognise and enable the application of the recovery and resolution framework 
both on the level of an individual entity as well as on a group level. The below should be read in the 
understanding that Achmea Bank may become subject to requirements and measures under the SRM and 
BRRD not only with a view to or as a result of its individual financial situation, but also, in certain 
circumstances, with a view to or as a result of the financial situation of the group that it forms part of.
The Resolution Board may apply interpretations of BRRD or recovery and resolution strategies that differ 
from those applied by the relevant NRA. Any change in the interpretation or strategy may affect the resolution 
plans for Achmea Bank, as prepared by the relevant NRA.

--- Page 28 ---
28
If Achmea Bank would infringe or, due to a rapidly deteriorating financial condition, would be likely to 
infringe capital or liquidity requirements in the near future, the supervisory authorities will have the power 
to impose early intervention measures. A rapidly deteriorating financial condition could, for example, occur 
in case of a deterioration of the liquidity situation of Achmea Bank, increasing level of leverage and non-
performing loans. Intervention measures include the power to require changes to the legal or operational 
structure of the institution, changes to the institutions' business strategy, managing board of Achmea Bank to 
convene a general meeting of shareholders, set the agenda and require certain decisions to be considered for 
adoption by the general meeting of shareholders. Furthermore, if these early intervention measures are not 
considered sufficient, DNB may replace management or install a temporary administrator. A special manager 
may also be appointed who will be granted management authority over Achmea Bank instead of the existing 
board members, in order to implement the measures decided on by DNB.
If Achmea Bank was to reach a point of non-viability, the relevant resolution authority could take pre-
resolution measures. These measures include the write down and cancellation of shares, and the write down 
of capital instruments or conversion of capital instruments into shares. A write down or conversion into shares 
of capital instruments could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders and the market 
value of their Notes could be negatively affected.
The BRRD and SRM provide resolution authorities with broader powers to implement resolution measures 
with respect to banks which meet the conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) the 
sale of the bank's business to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of assets, a bail-in tool, the 
replacement or substitution of the bank as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms 
of debt instruments and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. The bail-in 
tool comprises a more general power for resolution authorities to write down the claims of unsecured creditors 
of a failing bank and to convert unsecured debt claims into equity.
Subject to certain exceptions, as soon as any of these proposed proceedings have been initiated by the relevant 
resolution authority, as applicable, the relevant counterparties of such bank would not be entitled to invoke 
events of default or set-off their claims against the bank for this purpose. The application of resolution 
measures may lead to additional measures. For example, in connection with the nationalisation of SNS Reaal 
N.V. pursuant to the Dutch Intervention Act, a one-off resolution levy for all banks was proposed by the 
Dutch Minister of Finance.
When applying the resolution tools and exercising the resolution powers, including the preparation and 
implementation thereof, the resolution authorities are not subject to (i) requirements to obtain approval or 
consent from any person either public or private, including but not limited to the holders of shares or debt 
instruments, or from any other creditors, and (ii) procedural requirements to notify any person including any 
requirement to publish any notice or prospectus or to file or register any document with any other authority, 
that would otherwise apply by virtue of applicable law, contract, or otherwise. In particular, the resolution 
authorities can exercise their powers irrespective of any restriction on, or requirement for consent for, transfer 
of the financial instruments, rights, assets or liabilities in question that might otherwise apply.
Because the Issuer also operates in markets with less developed judiciary and dispute resolution systems, 
proceedings could have an adverse effect on its operations and net result
In the less developed markets in which the Issuer operates, judiciary and dispute resolution systems may be 
less developed. In case of a breach of contract, the Issuer may have difficulties in making and enforcing 
claims against contractual counter parties. On the other hand, if claims are made against the Issuer, the Issuer 
might encounter difficulties in mounting a defence against such allegations. If the Issuer becomes party to 
legal proceedings in a market with an insufficiently developed judiciary system, it could have an adverse 
effect on its operations and net result. Because the Issuer is a financial services company and its group 
companies are continually developing new financial products, the Issuer might be faced with claims that 
could have an adverse effect on its operations and net result if clients' expectations are not met. When new 
financial products are brought to the market, communication and marketing is focussed on potential 
advantages for the customers. If the products do not generate the expected profit, or result in a loss, customers

--- Page 29 ---
29
may file claims against the Issuer or any of its affiliates for not fulfilling its potential duty of care. Potential 
claims could have an adverse effect on its operations and net result.
Legal proceedings
The Issuer is and may become involved in legal proceedings, regulatory activity and measures (including 
investigations) which, if resolved negatively for the Issuer, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
operations, net results and equity position. For current proceedings reference is made to “Litigation - Unit-
linked Products” beginning on page 125 and “Litigation - Conflict between the Slovak Government and 
Achmea B.V.” on page 126 and “Litigation - Tax Dispute” on page 125 of this Base Prospectus.
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Capitalised expressions used below have the meaning ascribed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”.
Risks related to the market 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Although application has been made for the Notes to be listed 
on Euronext Dublin and admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market, there is no assurance 
that such application will be accepted or that an active trading market will develop. Furthermore, the Issuer 
is entitled, under certain circumstances, to buy the Notes, which shall then be cancelled or caused to be 
cancelled, and to issue further Notes. Such transactions may favourably or adversely affect the price 
development of the Notes. If additional and competing products are introduced in the market, this may 
adversely affect the value of the Notes.
The trading market for the Notes may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events beyond the 
Issuer's control
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors. The market for the Notes may be influenced by economic and market conditions (such as the 
economic impact of the novel coronavirus), political events in the Netherlands or elsewhere and, to varying 
degrees, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates in other European and other industrialised 
countries. There can be no assurance that events in the Netherlands, Europe or elsewhere will not cause 
market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of the Notes or that economic and 
market conditions will not have any other adverse effect. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell 
the Notes may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by 
such Noteholder.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or

--- Page 30 ---
30
currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(b) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's 
Currency -equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates
Investments in Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates after the issue 
date and, in the case of Reset Notes only, after the First Reset Note Reset Date or each Reset Note Reset Date 
(as applicable), subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Notes, this will adversely affect the 
value of Fixed Rate Notes and, as the case may be, Reset Notes, as an equivalent investment issued at the 
current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.
The regulation and reform of ‘benchmarks’ may affect the value or payment of interest or principal under 
the Notes linked to such ‘benchmarks’
Various interest rate benchmarks (including LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates 
and indices which are deemed to be ‘benchmarks’) are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, such as the EU 
Benchmark Regulation, whilst others are still to be implemented. Under the EU Benchmark Regulation, new 
requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including LIBOR and 
EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European 
Union. In particular, the EU Benchmark Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered  (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration 
of benchmarks and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
Following the implementation of any such (potential) reforms and other pressures (including from regulatory 
authorities), the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that such benchmarks 
may perform differently than in the past, one or more benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark, the availability of quotes from reference banks to allow 
for the continuation of rates on any Notes, and the rate that would be applicable if the Reference Rate is 
materially amended or is discontinued, may adversely affect the trading market and the value of the Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to the Reference Rate or any other 
relevant benchmark, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of 
such changes could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and amounts payable under, the Notes based on or linked 
to a ‘benchmark’.

--- Page 31 ---
31
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR, LIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect the value of 
Notes which reference EURIBOR, LIBOR or such other benchmark 
The FCA has indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current 
basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the 
euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions 
in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The 
guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. It is not possible 
to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR or any other benchmark will continue to be 
supported going forward. This may cause LIBOR or any other benchmark to perform differently than they 
have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have 
the following currently known effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes 
as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in 
whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR, LIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued, or any other 
Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)) has occurred or is otherwise unavailable, has occurred 
the rate of interest on Notes which reference EURIBOR, LIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined 
for the relevant period by the discontinuation provisions set out in Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 5(c)(iv) applicable to such Notes. If the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (in consultation with each 
other), determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to the Notes, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any 
event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate Determination Agent (as defined 
in Condition 5(c)(iv)) which may determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in consultation 
with the Issuer (and in consultation with the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the 
Issuer), a substitute or successor rate, as well as any necessary changes to the business day convention, the 
definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for 
calculating the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)), including any Adjustment 
Spread (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)) or other adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the relevant EURIBOR Rate, LIBOR Rate or Reference Rate. However, there 
is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor will be determined or applied, or 
that the application of any such factor will produce the same yield for the Noteholders.
It is possible that the Issuer may itself act as Rate Determination Agent and determine a Replacement 
Reference Rate. In such case, the Issuer will make such determinations and adjustments as it deems 
appropriate, and acting in good faith, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In making 
such determinations and adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be 
subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion. There is no guarantee that any Replacement 
Reference Rate will produce the same yield as the rate that was discontinued and the price of the affected 
Notes may affect this. 
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply 
to the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtain consent of any Noteholders. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Condition 5(c)(iv) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of 
the Replacement Reference Rate. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or the Rate Determination Agent is unable to 
or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under Condition 5(c)(iv) with respect to a 
particular Interest Determination Date, this could result under Conditions 5(c)(ii) or (iii) in the effective 
application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note based on the rate which applied before 
the Benchmark Event occurred. However, in such case, the Issuer will re-apply the provisions of Condition

--- Page 32 ---
32
5(c)(iv), mutatis mutandis, for each subsequent Interest Determination Date on one or more occasions until a 
Replacement Reference Rate has been determined, unless the Issuer is of the reasonable view (acting in good 
faith) that re-application is not (yet) appropriate.
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor, alternative and substitute reference 
rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 7(e)), the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. For example, several risk free rates, which are 
overnight rates, are currently being developed to replace LIBOR, while the Reference Rate may have a certain 
maturity, for example a term of one, three or six months. Similarly, these risk free rates generally do not carry 
an implicit element of credit risk of the banking sector, which may form part of the Reference Rate. The 
differences between the Replacement Reference Rate and the Reference Rate could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. In addition, the Replacement Reference Rate may perform 
differently from the discontinued benchmark. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Notes. Furthermore, the terms and conditions of the Notes may be amended by 
the Issuer, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of the Replacement Reference Rate, without any 
requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders.
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmark Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable. This is the case if it is considered to be in control over 
the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the 
Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or 
otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a discontinuation scenario. This 
would mean that the Rate Determination Agent (i) administers the arrangements for determining such rate, 
(ii) collects, analyses, or processes input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determines 
such rate through the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. 
Furthermore, for the Rate Determination Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the 
determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto 
by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context 
of a discontinuation scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the Replacement 
Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and 
any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the 
applicable rate of interest in the context of a discontinuation scenario, is published or made available to the 
public and regularly determined by application of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the 
basis of certain values or surveys. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation, and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, stipulates that each 
administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be licensed, registered, 
authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable. ICE and the EMMI are registered as administrators of a 
benchmark in accordance with the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as 
applicable. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Rate Determination Agent in the 
circumstances as described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, 
recognition or endorsement, preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise 
choose to discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. In such case, this may affect the possibility for 
the Rate Determination Agent to apply the discontinuation provision of Condition 5(c)(iv) meaning that the 
applicable benchmark will remain unchanged (but subject to the other provisions of Condition 5). Other 
administrators may cease to administer certain benchmarks because of the additional costs of compliance 
with the requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable 
such as relating to governance and conflict of interest, control framework, record keeping and complaints 
handling.

--- Page 33 ---
33
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the credit 
rating of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in any country, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or to an issue of Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
A rating assigned to any Notes by a rating agency may provide an indication of the probability of default and 
the recovery given a default of the debt instrument or of the expected loss posed to investors. Other non-
credit risks may not have been addressed in awarding such rating, but may have significant effect on yield to 
investors.
Any expected ratings of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms for each Series. Any rating agency 
may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgement of the rating agency, the credit quality of 
the Notes has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the 
market value of the Notes may be reduced.
Any of the factors indicated above could adversely impact the trading price of the Notes. The price at which 
a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, 
from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.
Potential conflicts of interest may exist in relation to parties to an issue of Notes
The Arranger and its respective affiliates have engaged, and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its 
affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may (a) engage in 
investment banking, trading or hedging activities including in activities that may include prime brokerage 
business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (b) act as underwriters in connection 
with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (c) act as financial advisers to 
the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, the Arranger has or may hold 
shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, it has or will receive customary 
fees and commissions for these transactions.
In addition, pursuant to the applicable fallback provisions contained in Condition 5(c)(iv), the Rate 
Determination Agent will have the discretion to determine whether a successor interest rate for LIBOR or 
any other interest rate benchmark is available which will determine the way in which the interest rate is set, 
which may lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the compensation of the Rate 
Determination Agent), the Rate Determination Agent and Noteholders including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgments that the Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iv) 
that may influence the amount receivable under the Notes. The Rate Determination Agent and the Issuer 
might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders as the 
Rate Determination Agent has discretionary power in deciding the applicability of a benchmark and/or 
replacement of amendment of a benchmark. Potential investors should be aware that the Issuer may be 
involved in general business relationship or/and in specific transactions with the Rate Determination Agent 
as the latter party will be an independent financial institution or other independent financial advisor 
experienced in the international capital markets who may hold from time to time debt securities, shares or/and 
other financial instruments of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer and the Rate Determination Agent might 
have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders in respect of 
the determination of the interest rate as a result of a benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a 
benchmark.

--- Page 34 ---
34
As a result, any change to the setting or existence of LIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark 
may impact the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes which in turn could have a 
significant effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes.
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use 
of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Fiscal Agent and the 
Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, where such modification is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or which, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, without the consent of the Noteholders.
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Principal Paying Agent may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification (not being a modification requiring the approval of a meeting of 
Noteholders) of any of the provisions of Notes which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or (iii) the substitution of another 
company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 16 of the Conditions of the Notes. Any such modification, waiver or substitution may be contrary 
to the interest of one or more Noteholders and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or 
investment objectives of a Noteholder. 
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch law or 
administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law, including Dutch tax law, in effect at the date 
of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to the laws of the Netherlands, the official application, interpretation or the administrative practices 
after the date of issue of the Notes. Such changes in laws may include amendments to a variety of tools which 
may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any 
disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. The laws of the 
Netherlands may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective 
investors in its application to the Notes and the application of the laws of the Netherlands may therefore lead 
to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the Notes than the investor may expect if 
the equivalent law of his home jurisdiction were applied. This may lead to the Notes not having certain 
characteristics as the investor may have expected and may impact the return on the Notes.
Some of the defined terms in the Conditions of the Notes depend on the final interpretation and 
implementation of Solvency II. Further, the relevant supervisory authority may interpret the relevant 
applicable regulations, or exercise discretion accorded to the regulator under the relevant applicable 
regulations in a different manner than expected. The manner in which many of the concepts and requirements 
under Solvency II will be applied to the Group over time remains uncertain.
Future regulatory proposals may also impose further restrictions on the Issuer's ability to make payments on 
the Notes. These issues and other possible issues of interpretation make it difficult to determine whether

--- Page 35 ---
35
scheduled interest payments will be made on the Notes. This uncertainty and the resulting complexity may 
adversely impact the trading price and the liquidity of the Notes. 
Risks relating to the structure of the Notes 
The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem perpetual securities
The Notes may be dated or undated Notes. Undated instruments are perpetual securities in respect of which 
there is no fixed redemption date and the Issuer shall only have the right to repay them under certain 
conditions. The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem undated Notes at any time. The holders of such Notes 
have no right to call for their redemption and may only declare Notes repayable in the case of an Event of 
Default. Therefore, prospective investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks 
of an investment in undated Notes for an indefinite period of time.
Notes subject to optional redemption or substitution and variation by the Issuer
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes for various reasons, when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time.
In the case of any substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes, whilst the substituted or modified Notes 
must have terms which are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the original Notes 
then prevailing, there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each holder, such 
substituted or modified Notes will be as favourable to each holder in all respects.
Rate of Interest reset for the Reset Notes
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, on the First Reset Note Reset Date and each Reset Note Reset Date 
thereafter, the rate of interest on the Reset Notes will be reset by reference to the then prevailing Mid-Market 
Swap Rate, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, as more 
particularly described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 5. - Interest and other Calculations”. The reset 
of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may affect the secondary market and the market 
value of such Reset Notes and, following any such reset of the rate of interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant Reset Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of 
Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or the previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, thereby 
reducing the amount of interest payable to Noteholders.
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR. The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of EUR 100,000 (or 
higher or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of EUR 100,000 or its equivalent 
that are not integral multiples of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent) (for the purpose of this paragraph, the “Stub 
Amount”). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a Stub Amount may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its aggregate holding amounts to EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent) in order to receive such a definitive Note. As long as the Stub Amount is held in the relevant 
clearing system, the Noteholder will be unable to transfer this Stub Amount.
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent) may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade.
Risk Factors in relation to the Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves. In the event of the winding-up and dissolution (ontbinding en vereffening), 
bankruptcy (faillissement) or suspension of payments (surseance van betaling), the payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes shall rank in right of payment after unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer, and any payment to a holder of a Subordinated Note shall be excluded until all 
obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied, but at least pari 
passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to rank junior 
to the Subordinated Notes and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. No Noteholder and 
Couponholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed 
to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and related Coupons.

--- Page 37 ---
37
Under conditions, interest payments under the Subordinated Notes must be deferred and in other instances 
interest payments under the Subordinated Notes may be deferred at the option of the Issuer
Mandatory deferral
Payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes will be mandatorily deferred on each Interest Payment Date 
in respect of which a Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing. A Mandatory Deferral Event 
occurs if (a) the Solvency Condition is not met or (b) a Capital Adequacy Event has occurred and continues 
to exist and a deferral of interest and/or a suspension of payment of principal, as applicable, is required under 
the Capital Adequacy Regulations for the Subordinated Notes to qualify for the purposes of determination of 
the solvency margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable margins or ratios of the Issuer, or, where this is 
subdivided in tiers, as tier 2 basic own funds (howsoever described at the time), on a consolidated basis, 
subject to certain exceptions as further described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 6. Deferral of 
Payments - Subordinated Notes - (b) Mandatory Deferral of Interest Payments”.
Optional deferral
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may on any Optional Interest Payment Date defer payment of 
interest on the Subordinated Notes which would otherwise be payable on such date, until the Subordinated 
Notes are redeemed, subject to Condition 6(b). An Optional Interest Payment Date means any Interest 
Payment Date other than a Compulsory Interest Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, as 
further described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 6. Deferral of Payments - Subordinated Notes - (a) 
Optional Deferral of Interest Payments”. 
General
Deferral of any payment of interest on an Optional Interest Deferral Date or Mandatory Interest Deferral Date 
will not constitute a default by the Issuer and will not give the Noteholders any right to accelerate the 
Subordinated Notes. Any deferral of interest payments (or perceived risk thereof) could have an adverse 
effect on the market price of the relevant Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest deferral provision of 
the relevant Notes if that applies, the market price of the relevant Notes may be more volatile than the market 
prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or interest accrues that are not subject to such 
deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's financial condition.
Payments made under some more junior or equally ranking notes will not result in an obligation for the 
Issuer to make payments on the Subordinated Notes
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may defer any payment of interest on any Optional Interest 
Payment Date. An Optional Interest Payment Date means, in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes only, 
any Interest Payment Date where no dividend or other distribution has been irrevocably declared, paid or 
made on any class of the Issuer's share capital during the immediately preceding six months prior to such 
Interest Payment Date. Therefore, payments on any notes ranking pari passu with the relevant Subordinated 
Notes or junior to the relevant Subordinated Notes will not result in an obligation for the Issuer to pay interest 
or Arrears of Interest on the relevant Subordinated Notes, save for certain payments or declarations in respect 
of any class of the Issuer's share capital.
Potential investors in the relevant Subordinated Notes should therefore realise that holders of notes ranking 
junior to or pari passu with the relevant Subordinated Notes may receive payments from the relevant Issuer 
in priority to the relevant Subordinated Noteholders, even though their claims rank junior to or pari passu 
with those of relevant Subordinated Noteholders. However, in the event of the winding-up and dissolution 
(ontbinding en vereffening), bankruptcy (faillissement) or suspension of payments (surseance van betaling), 
the payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes and Coupons relating to them 
shall rank as described above under “Additional Risks Factors in relation to the Subordinated Notes - Status”.

--- Page 38 ---
38
Redemption, substitution, variation and purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to conditions
So long as the Issuer is subject to Capital Adequacy Regulations, any redemption or purchase of Subordinated 
Notes may only be made provided that no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing at the 
time of such redemption or purchase and such redemption and/or purchase would not itself cause a Mandatory 
Deferral Event, if the Regulator so applies the Capital Adequacy Regulations, any redemption or purchase of 
Subordinated Notes may only be made provided no Insolvent Insurer Liquidation has occurred and is 
continuing on the relevant redemption or purchase date and no Insolvent Insurer Liquidation has occurred 
and is continuing on the relevant redemption date and any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of 
the Subordinated Notes is subject to (A) the prior consent of the Regulator if required under the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations and (B) compliance with the Capital Adequacy Regulations. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - 7. Redemption, Substitution, Variation, Purchase and Options - (b) Conditions to 
Redemption or Purchase and (k) Substitution or Variation”.
If such conditions are not met the Issuer is under no obligation to redeem the Subordinated Notes and 
therefore prospective investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in for a longer period of time than the stated maturity of the Subordinated Notes. 
Solvency II Directive - Risk of adverse impact on Issuer's regulatory solvency condition
The Subordinated Notes are expected to qualify as additional solvency margin for capital adequacy regulatory 
purposes pursuant to the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. The Solvency II Directive provides for a capital 
adequacy regime for insurance companies as further described above in “Because each of the Issuer and the 
Group operates in a highly regulated industry, changes in statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that 
govern activities in its various business lines could have an effect on its operations and its net profits”. The 
Solvency II Directive has been implemented in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act and applies to insurance 
companies from 1 January 2016. 
On 10 October 2014, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
(the “Solvency II Delegated Regulation”) containing implementing rules for Solvency II. The Solvency II 
Delegated Regulation entered into force in Member States on 17 January 2015, and may be amended from 
time to time. Furthermore, the Solvency II framework consists of a substantial number of implementing 
technical standards. Also these may change from time to time and new standards may be introduced.
On 8 March 2019, the European Commission published a Delegated Regulation intending to amend the 
Solvency II Delegated Regulation (2015/35). This amendment leads to a reduction of the capital charge on 
equity investments and investments in private debt. This Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981 
was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 18 June 2019 and entered into force on 8 July 
2019. Due to the Group's large equity and private debt exposure, an adjustment of the calculation of market 
risk related to equity and private debt investments may have a material effect on the Group's business, 
solvency, results and financial condition. Given the reduction of the capital charges, this is expected to have 
a positive impact on the solvency ratio of the Group. 
Furthermore, the capital adequacy requirements for the Group may be subject to further changes. See also 
"Because each of the Issuer and the Group operates in a highly regulated industry, changes in statutes, 
regulations and regulatory policies that govern activities in its various business lines could have an effect on 
its operations and its net profits". Any changes in capital adequacy requirements could result in a higher 
overall valuation of liabilities or capital requirements, or a lower overall recognition of own funds than is 
currently the case or may currently be foreseen. This could result in the occurrence of a Capital Adequacy 
Event following which a Mandatory Deferral Event would occur and then no principal, premium, interest or 
any other amount would be due and payable in respect of or arising from the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39
IMPORTANT NOTICE
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Issuer and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) and 
the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects 
of the Issuer.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those 
Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State and (in either 
case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State and such offer is made in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable. Except to 
the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.
In the case of any Notes which, with respect to the EEA, are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
or a specific segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors have access within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). Furthermore, with respect to the UK, in 
the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market or a specific segment of a 
regulated market (as defined in UK MiFIR) to which only qualified investors have access within the United 
Kingdom or offered to the public pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the FSMA, the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
the Notes).

--- Page 40 ---
40
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled ‘Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors’, the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled ‘MiFID II Product Governance’ which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes,

--- Page 41 ---
41
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offer Rate (“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), the 
London Interbank Offer Rate (“LIBOR”) which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administrator (“ICE”) or 
any other benchmark, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EMMI and ICE are included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 Register of administrators and benchmarks of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”) and the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of UK 
Benchmark Regulation. 
If any such reference rate (other than LIBOR or EURIBOR), does constitute such a benchmark under the EU 
Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, the relevant Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation and the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of UK Benchmark Regulation, as 
applicable. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable may have the result that an administrator 
and/or a benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of 
the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator or benchmark under the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale”.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Note.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or 
a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger 
and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise 
(save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus

--- Page 42 ---
42
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Overview of the Programme - Method of Issue”), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer (and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market (the Main Securities Market).
ABN AMRO Bank N.V has been engaged by the Issuer as Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, 
Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent for the Notes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below), for the purpose of paying sums due on the Notes and of performing 
all other obligations and duties imposed on it by the Conditions and the Agency Agreement. ABN AMRO 
Bank N.V. in such capacity is acting for the Issuer only and will not regard any other person as its client in 
relation to the offering of the Notes. Neither ABN AMRO Bank N.V. nor any of its directors, officers, agents 
or employees makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, as to 
the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the information or opinions described or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus, in any investor report or for any other statements made or purported to be made either 
by itself or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the offering of the Notes. Accordingly, ABN AMRO 
Bank N.V. disclaims all and any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise, in respect of this 
Base Prospectus and or any such other statements.
All references in this Base Prospectus to “euro”, “EUR” and “E” refer to the lawful currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing 
the European Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union, those to “U.S. dollars”, “dollar”, 
“U.S.$”, “$” and “USD” refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America and those to “Sterling” 
, “£” and “GBP” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.
Switzerland: The Notes being offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus do not represent units in collective 
investment schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 
(the “LISA”). Accordingly, they have not been registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority (the “FINMA”) as foreign collective investment schemes, and, are not subject to the supervision 
of the FINMA. Investors cannot invoke the protection conferred under the LISA.
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective 
investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 43 ---
43
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 44 ---
44
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) 
issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series, as well as to such Global Note(s) except 
as set out in “Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. Either (i) the full text of 
these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these 
terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A 
of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the 
case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 26 January 2021 between Achmea B.V. (the “Issuer”), 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, 
the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), 
the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), 
the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, 
where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) 
are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects.
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) in each 
case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated market to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access within the EEA or (ii) specific 
segment of the London Stock Exchange’s main market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) have access within the UK, or offered to the public in (i) a Member State of the 
EEA or (ii) the UK in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be, the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes).
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown 
hereon.
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes 
shall pass by notification of the transfer to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, acting on the Issuer's behalf, 
which will be registered in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance

--- Page 45 ---
45
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means 
the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered 
(as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
2
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender 
(at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or 
another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any 
other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. Such notification to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, shall be deemed to constitute notice 
(mededeling) of the transfer to the Issuer. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered 
Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of 
the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred 
shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject 
to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the 
Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an 
exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to 
reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case 
of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different 
terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same 
terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already 
a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding.
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or (c) 
shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or Exercise 
Notice (as defined in Condition 7(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the 
new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the 
case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and 
as specified in the form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured 
post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, 
unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the

--- Page 46 ---
46
Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. 
In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks 
are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar 
(as the case may be).
(e)
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require).
(f)
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 
days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant 
to Condition 7(d), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of 
seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date.
3
Status
(a)
Status of Senior Notes: The Senior Notes (being those Notes that specify their status as Senior) and 
the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at 
least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future.
(b)
Status of Subordinated Notes: The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. 
In the event of the winding-up and dissolution (ontbinding en vereffening), bankruptcy (faillissement) 
or suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall rank in right of payment after 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors of the Issuer, and in such event payment to a holder of a 
Subordinated Note shall be excluded until all obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors have been satisfied, but at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer that do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer.
No Noteholder and Couponholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated 
Notes and related Coupons.
4
Negative Pledge
(a)
Restriction: So long as any of the Senior Notes or Coupons relating thereto remain outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement):
(i)
the Issuer shall not (and shall procure that no other member of the Group will) create or permit 
to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest 
(“Security”) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future 
to secure any Relevant Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt;

--- Page 47 ---
47
(ii)
the Issuer shall procure that no other person creates or permits to subsist any Security upon the 
whole or any part of the undertaking, assets or revenues present or future of that other person to 
secure (x) any of the Issuer's Relevant Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any 
of the Issuer's Relevant Debt or (y) where the person in question is a Subsidiary of the Issuer, 
any of the Relevant Debt of any person other than that Subsidiary, or any guarantee of or 
indemnity in respect of any such Relevant Debt; and
(iii)
the Issuer shall procure that no other person gives any guarantee of, or indemnity in respect of, 
any of its Relevant Debt,
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Notes and Coupons 
(A) are secured equally and rateably therewith or benefit from a guarantee or indemnity in substantially 
identical terms thereto, as the case may be, or (B) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, 
indemnity or other arrangement as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Senior Noteholders.
(b)
Relevant Debt: For the purposes of this Condition, “Relevant Debt” means any present or future loan 
or other indebtedness (whether or not in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan 
stock or other securities) having a maturity (whether original or after extension) of more than two years.
(c)
Exception: The foregoing shall not apply to (a) security created over any shares in, any assets of, or 
any securities owned by any Subsidiaries which are not licenced to do insurance business (including 
for the avoidance of doubt, security created by Achmea Bank N.V. under its Secured Debt Issuance 
Programme and its Achmea Conditional Pass-Through Covered Bond Programme, the securitisations 
DRMP II and SRMP I and any similar future financing transactions by any Subsidiaries which are not 
licenced to do insurance business), (b) repo-transactions, (c) security created in the normal course of 
the relevant business carried on in a manner consistent with generally accepted practice for such 
business, (d) security or preference arising by operation of any law, (e) security over real property to 
secure borrowings to finance the purchase or improvement of such real property, (f) security over assets 
existing at the time of acquisition thereof, and (g) security not otherwise permitted by the foregoing 
clauses securing borrowed moneys in an aggregate principal amount (when aggregated with the 
principal amount of any other indebtedness which has the benefit of security given by any member of 
the Group other than any permitted under paragraphs (a) to (f) above) not to exceed 20 per cent. of the 
aggregate of the Group's shareholders' equity and capital securities at the relevant time.
(d)
In these Terms and Conditions, “Subsidiary” means any corporation, partnership or other business 
entity of which more than 50 per cent. of the shares or other equity interests (as the case may be) 
carrying the right to vote are, directly or indirectly, owned by the Issuer; “Material Subsidiary” means 
Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Pensioen- en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Bank N.V., Zilveren Kruis Zorgverzekeringen N.V., and any 
other Subsidiary which has net earned premiums, operating income from banking activity and other 
income (as specified in the latest relevant audited financial statements) in aggregate representing 10 
per cent. or more of the consolidated aggregate net earned premiums, operating income from banking 
activity and other income (as specified in the latest relevant audited financial statements) of the Group; 
and “Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
5
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes (as defined below), to 
Condition 6, each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(g).

--- Page 48 ---
48
(b)
Subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes (as defined below), to Condition 6, each Reset Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount:
(i)
from (and including) the Issue Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Note Reset Date at the 
Initial Rate of Interest;
(ii)
from (and including) the First Reset Note Reset Date until (but excluding) the first Anniversary 
Date at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(iii)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest,
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(g).
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes (as defined below), to 
Condition 6, each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(g). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if 
no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean 
each date which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such 
date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not 
been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under

--- Page 49 ---
49
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
(iy)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (B)(x)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (B)(x)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the

--- Page 50 ---
50
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London 
inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(C)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms), one of which 
shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate 
at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity.
(iv)
Replacement Reference Rate 
(A)
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5(c), if the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer (in consultation with each other), determines at any time that a Benchmark 
Event (as defined below) has occurred in relation to certain Notes, the Issuer will, as soon 
as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next Interest Determination Date), 
appoint a Rate Determination Agent, which will in respect of such Notes determine, acting

--- Page 51 ---
51
in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with the Independent 
Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer), whether a substitute, alternative or 
successor rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest in respect of each 
Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate (x) has been recommended or selected by the 
monetary authority or similar authority (or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of 
the applicable currency, or a widely recognised industry association or body, (y) has 
developed or is expected to develop as an industry accepted rate for debt market 
instruments such as or comparable to the relevant Notes or (z) is otherwise available and 
deemed appropriate for the relevant Notes.
(B)
If the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer, the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event prior to determining a Replacement Reference Rate (as 
defined below) in accordance with this Condition 5(c), appoint an Independent Adviser 
in respect of such Replacement Reference Rate.
(C)
If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute, alternative or successor rate 
is available (such rate as determined by the Rate Determination Agent, the “Replacement 
Reference Rate”), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest on each Interest 
Determination Date falling at least five business days after such determination, (A) the 
Rate Determination Agent will in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer) determine any 
necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the 
interest determination date, the day count fraction, the relevant screen page and any 
method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, including any Adjustment 
Spread (as defined below) or other adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the Reference Rate (in each case in a manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate); (B) 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions applicable to the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above 
(including the Adjustment Spread); (C) the Rate Determination Agent will  notify the 
Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give 
notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
15) and the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent (if not the same party) 
specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) above 
and the effective date thereof. The Issuer may, without consent of any or all Noteholders, 
make any amendments to these Conditions in relation to the Relevant Notes that are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of the foregoing. 
There is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor will be 
determined or applied, or that the application of such factor will either reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to Noteholders.
For the avoidance of doubt if a Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Rate 
Determination Agent in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv), this Replacement 
Reference Rate will be applied to all relevant future payments on the relevant Notes, 
subject to this Condition 5(c)(iv). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c) may be 
(re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference 
Rate.
(D)
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to 
above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error, bad faith 
or fraud) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if not the same party), the Noteholders and no liability to any such person will

--- Page 52 ---
52
attach to the Rate Determination Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. If the Rate Determination 
Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate, then 
the Reference Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or Screen Rate will remain 
in effect (but subject to the other provisions of Condition 5(c)) in respect of the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest Determination Dates will remain 
subject to the operation of the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iv). In such circumstances, 
the Issuer will, at any time thereafter, re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iv), 
mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv) (and, until such 
determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in 
these Terms and Conditions will continue to apply), unless the Issuer is of the reasonable 
view (acting in good faith) that re-application is not (yet) appropriate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement 
Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iv) and no consent 
or approval of any Noteholder shall be required. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv):
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination 
Agent, and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Replacement 
Reference Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:
(i)
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate by any competent authority; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made);
(ii)
the Rate Determination Agent determines, following consultation with the Issuer and 
acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
debt market instruments such as or comparable to the Notes or for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Replacement Reference Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no such industry accepted standard is recognised or acknowledged);
(iii)
the Rate Determination Agent, in its discretion and acting in good faith, determines to 
be appropriate. 
“Benchmark Event” means:
(i)
the Reference Rate has ceased to be representative or an industry accepted rate for debt 
market instruments (as determined by the Rate Determination or if not yet appointed, 
the Issuer), and acting in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner) such as, or 
comparable to, the Notes; or
(ii)
it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited (including, without limitation, for the 
Calculation Agent) pursuant to any law, regulation or instruction from a competent 
authority, to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder 
using the Reference Rate or otherwise make use of the Reference Rate with respect to 
the Notes; or

--- Page 53 ---
53
(iii)
the Reference Rate has changed materially, ceased to be published for a period of at 
least five Business Days or ceased to exist; or
(iv)
a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate or its supervisor 
that the Reference Rate will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
materially changed, no longer be representative, cease to be published, be discontinued 
or be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences that contributors are no longer required by that supervisor to contribute 
input data to the administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate (for the avoidance of 
doubt, in case the specified date lies more than six months after the date the public 
statement is made, this event will be deemed to occur as of the date such specified date 
lies within the following six months); or
(v)
a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate or its supervisor 
that the Reference Rate has materially changed, is no longer representative, has ceased 
to be published, is discontinued or is prohibited from being used or that its use is subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences or that the supervisor no longer requires 
contributors to contribute input data to the administrator for purposes of the Reference 
Rate.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise as reasonably determined by the Rate 
Determination Agent in its sole discretion.
“Rate Determination Agent” means (i) an independent third party (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) appointed by the Issuer, using commercially best efforts, or 
(ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint such third party, the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), to determine the Replacement Reference Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c) and in conjunction with an Independent Adviser (as 
applicable).
(d)
Zero Coupon Notes: Zero Coupon Notes will be issued at a discount to their nominal amount and 
interest thereon does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity, save for the 
following. Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest 
for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7(b)(i)).
(e)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in 
this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9).
(f)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if 
a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be

--- Page 54 ---
54
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency.
(g)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be 
for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(h)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any 
other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 11, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of 
the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 
but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties.
(i)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below:
“Anniversary Date” means the date specified hereon

--- Page 55 ---
55
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”) and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 ― Y1)] + [30 x (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 56 ---
56
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 ― Y1)] + [30 x (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1)
360
                  
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 ― Y1)] + [30 x (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1)
360                    
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30

--- Page 57 ---
57
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon,
(a)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and
(b)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s)
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended
“First Reset Note Reset Date means the date specified hereon
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Note Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the first Anniversary Date
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Reset Margin
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified hereon
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of 
which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period

--- Page 58 ---
58
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on and 
including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, unless otherwise specified hereon
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon
“ICESWAP Rate” means “ICESWAP1”, “ICESWAP2”, “ICESWAP3” or “ICESWAP4” as may be 
specified hereon
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended or supplemented, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means the mid-market swap rate specified hereon
“Mid-Swap Rate” means the Mid-Market Swap Rate for the Specified Currency calculated for a 
period equal to the relevant Reset Period at the Reuters Screen Page Rates at 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of 
four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, 
column or other part of such particular information service)
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the First Reset Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period
“Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such hereon
“Reset Note Reset Date” means every date which falls on each Anniversary Date as may be specified 
hereon
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period
“Reuters Screen Page Rates” means the relevant ICESWAP Rate for the Specified Currency for 
transactions with a maturity equal to the relevant Reset Period which are displayed on the Reuters

--- Page 59 ---
59
screen page (or such other page as may replace that page on Reuters, or such other service as may be 
nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purposes of 
displaying comparable rates)
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated
“Subsequent Reset Period” means each successive period from (and including) a Reset Note Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Reset Note Reset Date
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the 
sum of the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Reset Margin
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto.
(j)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
6
Deferral of Payments - Subordinated Notes
(a)
Optional Deferral of Interest Payments
If so specified hereon, the Issuer may elect in respect of any Optional Interest Payment Date to defer 
payment of all (but not some only) of the interest on the Subordinated Notes accrued to that date and 
the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment on that date.
The deferral of any interest payment on any Optional Interest Payment Date in accordance with this 
Condition 6(a) will not constitute a default by the Issuer and will not give the holders of Subordinated 
Notes or the Coupons relating to them any right to accelerate the Subordinated Notes. The Issuer shall 
notify the holders of Subordinated Notes as soon as practicable (and in any event within 14 days) prior 
to any Optional Interest Payment Date in respect of which payment is deferred, of the amount of such 
payment otherwise due on that date and the grounds upon which such deferral has been made in 
accordance with Condition 15 (the “Deferral Notice”). Subject to Condition 6(c), the Issuer may defer 
paying interest on each Optional Interest Payment Date until the Maturity Date or any earlier date on 
which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed in full.
(b)
Mandatory Deferral of Interest Payments
In addition to the right of the Issuer to defer payment of interest in accordance with Condition 6(a) if 
so specified hereon, payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes will be mandatorily deferred on

--- Page 60 ---
60
each Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such 
payment on that date.
The deferral of any interest payment on a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date in accordance with this 
Condition 6(b) will not constitute a default by the Issuer and will not give the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes or the Coupons relating to them any right to accelerate the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer shall notify the holders of Subordinated Notes within 14 days prior to any Mandatory 
Interest Deferral Date in respect of which payment is deferred (or as soon as practicable after such 
fourteenth day), of the amount of such payment otherwise due on that date and specifying that a 
Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing, or would occur if payment of interest on the 
Subordinated Notes were to be made (whether in whole or in part) in accordance with Condition 15 
(the “Deferral Notice”).
A certificate from two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer confirming that (a) a Mandatory 
Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing, or would occur if payment of interest on the 
Subordinated Notes were to be made (whether in whole or in part) or (b) a Mandatory Deferral Event 
has ceased to occur and/or payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes would not result in a 
Mandatory Deferral Event occurring, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be treated and accepted 
by the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them and all other interested 
parties as correct and sufficient evidence thereof.
(c)
Arrears of Interest
Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes not paid on an Interest Payment Date, together with 
any other interest in respect thereof not paid on any earlier Interest Payment Date, in each case by 
virtue of Condition 6(a) or 6(b), shall, so long as the same remains unpaid, constitute “Arrears of 
Interest”. Arrears of Interest shall not bear interest.
Any Arrears of Interest and any other amount, payment of which is deferred in accordance with 
Condition 6(a) or 6(b), may be paid in whole or in part at any time upon the expiry of not less than 14 
days' notice to such effect given by the Issuer to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with Condition 15 (the “Deferred Interest Payment Date”), provided that the following conditions 
are met:
(a)
no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing; and
(b)
any notifications to the Regulator have been made or consent from the Regulator has been 
obtained, as the case may be, in either case if required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations;
and in any event will be automatically become immediately due and payable in whole (and not in part) 
upon whichever is the earlier of the following dates:
(i)
the date fixed for any redemption, purchase or substitution, or variation of the terms, of the 
Subordinated Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7 or Condition 11(a);
(ii)
the date on which an order is made or a resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer 
(other than a solvent winding-up solely for the purpose of a reconstruction or amalgamation or 
the substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer, the terms of which 
reconstruction, amalgamation or substitution (i) have previously been approved in writing by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders and (ii) do 
not provide that the Subordinated Notes shall thereby become payable);
(iii)
the date on which a Compulsory Interest Payment Event occurs, provided that no Mandatory 
Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing; or

--- Page 61 ---
61
(iv)
the next Interest Payment Date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date,
in the case of paragraph (i), (iii) and (iv) above, provided that any notifications to the Regulator have 
been made or consent from the Regulator has been obtained, as the case may be, in either case if 
required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if notice is given by the Issuer of its intention to pay the whole or part 
of Arrears of Interest and any other amount in respect of or arising under such Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer shall be obliged to do so upon expiration of such notice, subject to no Mandatory Deferral Event 
having occurred and being continuing upon such expiration. Where Arrears of Interest are paid in part, 
each part payment shall be applied in payment of the Arrears of Interest accrued due in respect of the 
relative Interest Payment Date (or consecutive Interest Payment Dates) furthest from the date of 
payment.
(d)
No default
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, any payment which for the time being is not 
made on Subordinated Notes by virtue of Condition 6(a) or 6(b), as appropriate, shall not constitute a 
default for any purpose (including, but without limitation, Condition 11) on the part of the Issuer. 
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, Arrears of Interest and any other amount, payment of 
which is so deferred, shall bear interest at the applicable Rate of Interest from (and including) the date 
on which (but for such deferral) the deferred payment would otherwise have been due to be made (but 
excluding) the relevant date on which the relevant deferred payment is satisfied.
(e)
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:
“Assets” means the non-consolidated gross assets of the Issuer as shown by the then latest published 
audited balance sheet of the Issuer but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events and to such 
extent as two members of the Issuer's Executive Board, the auditors or, as the case may be, the 
liquidator may determine to be appropriate;
“Capital Adequacy Event” means that (i) the amount of eligible 'own fund-items' (or any equivalent 
terminology employed by the then applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations) of the Issuer on a 
consolidated basis to cover the Solvency Capital Requirement or the Minimum Capital Requirement 
of the Issuer is, or as a result of a payment of interest or a payment of principal would become, not 
sufficient to cover such Solvency Capital Requirement or Minimum Capital Requirement; or (ii) (if 
required or applicable in order for the Subordinated Notes to qualify as regulatory capital of the Issuer 
on a consolidated basis under the Capital Adequacy Regulations from time to time) the Regulator has 
notified the Issuer that it has determined, in view of the financial and/or solvency condition of the 
Issuer on a consolidated basis, that in accordance with the applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations at 
such time the Issuer must take specified action in relation to deferral of payments of principal and/or 
interest under the Subordinated Notes;
“Capital Adequacy Regulations” means at any time the statutory regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, policies and decrees as applied and enforced by the Regulator imposing obligations on the 
Issuer with respect to the maintenance of minimum levels of solvency margins and/or capital adequacy 
ratios and/or comparable margins or ratios (howsoever described at the time), as well as regarding the 
supervision thereof by any Regulator, including any ((commission) delegated) regulations under 
Solvency II (including Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 (as superseded and amended, 
including by way of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981));

--- Page 62 ---
62
“Compulsory Interest Payment Date” means any Interest Payment Date in respect of which (a) 
during the immediately preceding six months a Compulsory Interest Payment Event has occurred, (b) 
which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and (c) on which the Solvency Condition is satisfied;
“Compulsory Interest Payment Event” means an event which is deemed to have occurred if:
(i)
any declaration, payment or making of a dividend or other distribution on any class of the 
Issuer's share capital;
(ii)
any repurchase by the Issuer of any of its shares for cash, provided such repurchase is not 
made in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer in connection with any share option 
scheme, share ownership scheme, or any other share scheme or share plan for management or 
employees of the Issuer or management or employees of affiliates of the Issuer;
(save in any such case where the terms of such securities or share capital do not enable the Issuer or 
relevant other person to defer, pass on or eliminate an interest payment, dividend or other distribution 
and except a redemption required to be effected under the terms of such securities);
“Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries;
“insurance undertaking” has the meaning given to it in the Solvency II Directive;
“Liabilities” means the non-consolidated gross liabilities of the Issuer as shown by the then latest 
published audited balance sheet of the Issuer, but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events 
and to such extent as two members of the Issuer's Executive Board, the auditors or, as the case may be, 
the liquidator may determine to be appropriate;
“Mandatory Deferral Event” means:
(a)
the Solvency Condition is not met; or
(b)
a Capital Adequacy Event has occurred and continues to exist and a deferral of interest and/or a 
suspension of payment of principal, as applicable, is required under the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations for the Subordinated Notes to qualify for the purposes of determination of the 
solvency margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable margins or ratios of the Issuer, or, where 
this is subdivided in tiers, as tier 2 basic own funds (howsoever described at the time), on a 
consolidated basis,
provided, however, that the occurrence of (b) above will not constitute a Mandatory Deferral Event:
(A)
in respect of payments of interest or Arrears of Interest, if:
(i)
the Regulator has exceptionally waived the deferral of such interest payment and/or 
payment of Arrears of Interest;
(ii)
paying the interest payment and/or Arrears of Interest does not further weaken the 
solvency position of the Issuer as determined in accordance with the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations; and
(iii)
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately after the interest 
payment and/or payment of Arrears of Interest is made;
(B)
in respect of payments of principal, if:
(i)
the Regulator has exceptionally waived the deferral of such principal payment;

--- Page 63 ---
63
(ii)
the Subordinated Notes are exchanged for or converted into another tier 1 or tier 2 basic 
own-fund of at least the same quality;
(iii)
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately after the principal 
payment is made;
“Mandatory Interest Deferral Date” means each Interest Payment Date in respect of which a 
Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing;
“Minimum Capital Requirement” means, when method 1 is applied, the consolidated group 
Solvency Capital Requirement as referred to in article 230(2) of the Solvency II Directive or, in the 
case a combination of method 1 and 2 is used, the minimum consolidated group Solvency Capital 
Requirement as referred to in article 341 of the Solvency II Delegated Regulation (or any equivalent 
terminology employed by the then applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations);
“Optional Interest Payment Date” means any Interest Payment Date other than a Compulsory 
Interest Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date;
 “Regulator” means any existing or future regulator having primary supervisory authority with respect 
to the Issuer and/or the Group or the Issuer as if it were the ultimate parent undertaking in an EU 
regulated financial group or financial conglomerate;
“Solvency Capital Requirement” means the consolidated Solvency Capital Requirement as referred 
to in Solvency II (or any equivalent terminology employed by the then applicable Capital Adequacy 
Regulations);
“Solvency II” means the Solvency II Directive and any implementing measures adopted pursuant to 
the Solvency II Directive (for the avoidance of doubt, whether implemented by way of regulation or 
by further directives or otherwise, and including any implementing measures by national legislators or 
the Regulator), as amended from time to time;
“Solvency II Delegated Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 
October 2014 supplementing the Solvency II Directive, as amended from time to time;
“Solvency II Directive” means Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance 
(Solvency II) and the implementing measures by the European Commission thereunder, as amended;
the “Solvency Condition” is not satisfied if the Issuer determines that it is not or, on the relevant date 
on which a payment would be made after taking into account amounts payable on that date on the 
Subordinated Notes will not be, Solvent;
“Solvent” means that the Issuer (a) is able to pay its debts to its unsubordinated and unsecured creditors 
as they fall due and (b) has Assets that exceed its Liabilities (other than its Liabilities to persons who 
are not unsubordinated and unsecured creditors).
7
Redemption, Substitution, Variation, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption: The Notes are dated or undated notes, as specified in the Final Terms. Unless 
previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed 
on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided, is its nominal amount). Any Subordinated Notes with no Maturity Date specified hereon 
will, subject to Condition 3(b) and prior consent from the Regulator if required under the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations, become due and payable at their Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided, is the nominal amount) on the winding-up and dissolution (ontbinding en

--- Page 64 ---
64
vereffening) or liquidation of the Issuer (other than a solvent winding-up solely for the purpose of a 
reconstruction or amalgamation or the substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of 
the Issuer, the terms of which reconstruction, amalgamation or substitution (i) have previously been 
approved in writing by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the 
holders of Subordinated Notes) and (ii) do not provide that the Subordinated Notes shall thereby 
become payable) and may otherwise be redeemed only in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7 or as provided in Condition 11.
(b)
Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation or Purchase
Only in respect of Subordinated Notes and so long as the Issuer is subject to Capital Adequacy 
Regulations:
(i)
any redemption or purchase pursuant to this Condition 7 or purchase of Subordinated Notes may 
only be made provided no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing at the time 
of such redemption and/or purchase and such redemption and/or purchase would not itself cause 
a Mandatory Deferral Event; 
(ii)
if the Regulator so applies the Capital Adequacy Regulations, any redemption or purchase of 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to this Condition 7 may only be made provided no Insolvent 
Insurer Liquidation has occurred and is continuing on the relevant redemption or purchase date; 
and
(iii)
any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of the Subordinated Notes is subject to (A) 
the prior consent of the Regulator if required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations and (B) 
compliance with the Capital Adequacy Regulations.
If so specified in the Final Terms, in the case of a redemption or purchase that is within five years of 
the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes the Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate signed 
by two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer stating that it would have been reasonable for 
the Issuer to conclude, judged at the time of the issue of the Subordinated Notes, that the circumstance 
entitling the Issuer to exercise the right of redemption was unlikely to occur (and such certificate shall 
be conclusive evidence of the matters stated herein).
In the case of a redemption or purchase pursuant to Condition 7(d), 7(f), 7(g), 7(h) or 7(j) that is within 
five years from the Issue Date, such redemption or purchase shall be in exchange for or funded out of 
the proceeds of a new issuance of capital of at least the same quality as the Subordinated Notes, if the 
Capital Adequacy Regulations make a redemption or purchase conditional thereon, or as otherwise 
permitted under the Capital Adequacy Regulations, including under article 73(5) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 (as superseded and amended, including by way of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981).
Should a Mandatory Deferral Event occur after a notice for redemption has been given to the 
Noteholders but prior to the date fixed for redemption, such redemption notice shall become void and 
notice thereof shall be given promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 15, the Noteholders.
In this Condition 7(b), “Insolvent Insurer Liquidation” means a liquidation of any Group Insurance 
Undertaking that is not a Solvent Insurer Liquidation.
“Group Insurance Undertaking” means an insurance undertaking or a reinsurance undertaking 
within the Group.

--- Page 65 ---
65
“Policyholder Claims” means claims of policyholders in a liquidation of a Group Insurance 
Undertaking to the extent that those claims relate to any debt to which the Group Insurance Undertaking 
is, or may become, liable to a policyholder pursuant to a contract of insurance.
“reinsurance undertaking” has the meaning given to such term in article 13 of the Solvency II 
Directive.
“Solvent Insurer Liquidation” means a liquidation of any Group Insurance Undertaking where the 
Issuer has determined, acting reasonably, that all Policyholder Claims of such Group Insurance 
Undertaking will be met.
(c)
Early Redemption:
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes:
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(d) or (f) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 11 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 7(d) or (f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 11 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date 
on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of 
the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(d) or (f) or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11, shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount.
(d)
Redemption, Substitution or Variation for Taxation Reasons: If (i) (A) the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes (any such change or 
amendment, a “Tax Law Change”) or (B) as a result of a Tax Law Change, the Issuer will not obtain 
full or substantially full deductibility for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax for any payment

--- Page 66 ---
66
of interest, and (ii) the foregoing cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due, then:
(i)
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if required), 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at such times or on such date 
or dates as specified in the Final Terms on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 7(c) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption), or
(ii)
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if required), 
and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, having given not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
subject to compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, at such time or on such date or 
dates as specified in the Final Terms, substitute the Notes in whole (but not in part) for another 
series of notes of at least the same quality of the Issuer under which the Issuer will not be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts or will be able to obtain full or substantially full deductibility for 
the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax for any payment of interest, or at any time vary the 
terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes so that they become notes under which the Issuer 
will not be obliged to pay such additional amounts or will be able to obtain full or substantially 
full deductibility for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax for any payment of interest, 
provided in each case that the notes have materially the same terms as the Notes which terms 
are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Notes then prevailing, as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in conjunction with an independent investment bank of 
international standing, such determination to be certified to the Noteholders as set out below. In 
connection with such substitution or variation all Arrears of Interest (if any) will be satisfied.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption, substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
7(d), the Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two members of the Executive 
Board of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption, substitution or variation 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem, substitute or vary have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts or will 
no longer be able to obtain full or substantially full relief for the purposes of Dutch corporate income 
tax for any payment of interest as a result of such change or amendment.
In connection with any substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 7(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(e)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Issuer Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, subject 
to the prior consent of the Regulator, if required, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem, 
all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such notice of 
redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which 
case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be 
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal

--- Page 67 ---
67
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption or the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers 
of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered 
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn 
in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account 
of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or 
other relevant authority requirements. 
(f)
Redemption, Substitution or Variation of the Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Reasons: If 
immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below a Capital Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then:
(i)
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator, if required, 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of Subordinated Notes 
in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem, in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions, at such time or on such date or dates as specified in the Final Terms 
all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the Early Redemption Amount specified in 
the Final Terms together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any Arrears of Interest; or
(ii)
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if required), 
and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), subject to 
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, at such time or on such date or dates as 
specified in the Final Terms substitute the Subordinated Notes in whole (but not in part) for 
another series of notes of the Issuer, or at any time vary the terms of all (but not some only) of 
the Subordinated Notes so that they become, capable of counting for the purposes of 
determination of the solvency margin, capital adequacy ratios or comparable margins or ratios 
under the Capital Adequacy Regulations, or, where this is subdivided in tiers, supplementary 
capital (tier 2 capital or equivalent) that have materially the same terms as the Subordinated 
Notes which terms are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes then prevailing, as reasonably determined by the Issuer in conjunction with 
an independent investment bank of international standing, such determination to be certified to 
the holders of the Subordinated Notes as set out below. In connection with such substitution or 
variation all Arrears of Interest (if any) will be satisfied.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption, substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
7(f) the Issuer shall deliver to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 15 
a certificate signed by two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer stating that a Capital 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing as at the date of the certificate and, in the case 
of a substitution or variation pursuant to (ii) above, certifying the determination as set out therein.
In connection with any substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 7(f), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
For the purpose of this Condition 7(f) a “Capital Disqualification Event” is deemed to have occurred 
if, as a result of any replacement of or change to the Capital Adequacy Regulations (or change to the 
interpretation thereof by any court, the Regulator or any other authority entitled to do so) the

--- Page 68 ---
68
Subordinated Notes cease to be capable of counting for 100% of the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes outstanding at such time under the Capital Adequacy Regulations for the purposes 
of the determination of the solvency margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable margins or ratios of 
the Issuer, or, where this is subdivided in tiers, as tier 2 basic own funds (howsoever described at the 
time), on a consolidated basis, except where such non-qualification is only as a result of any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital.
(g)
Redemption, Substitution or Variation of the Subordinated Notes for Rating Reasons: If immediately 
prior to the giving of the notice referred to below a Rating Methodology Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then:
(i)
the Issuer may at any time, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if 
required), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, at such time or on such date or dates 
as specified in the Final Terms all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms together with any interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any 
Arrears of Interest; or
(ii)
the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b) and the prior consent of the Regulator (if required), 
and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), subject to 
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, at such time or on such date or dates as 
specified in the Final Terms substitute the Subordinated Notes in whole (but not in part) for 
another series of notes of the Issuer that are, or at any time vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of the Subordinated Notes so that they are, assigned substantially the same equity content 
or at the absolute discretion of the Issuer a lower equity content (provided such equity content 
is still higher than the equity content assigned to the Subordinated Notes after the occurrence of 
the Rating Methodology Event) than that which was assigned by the Rating Agency to the 
Subordinated Notes on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, 
provided that after such substitution or variation the terms of the notes are not materially less 
favourable to an investor than the terms of the Subordinated Notes then prevailing, as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer in conjunction with an independent investment bank of international 
standing, such determination to be certified to the holders of the Subordinated Notes as set out 
below. In connection with such substitution or variation all Arrears of Interest (if any) will be 
satisfied.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption, substitution or variation exchange pursuant to this 
Condition 7(g) the Issuer shall deliver to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with 
Condition 15 a certificate signed by two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer stating that a 
Rating Methodology Event has occurred and is continuing as at the date of the certificate and, in the 
case of a substitution or variation pursuant to (ii) above, certifying the determination as set out therein.
In connection with any substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 7(g), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
In this Condition 7(g), a “Rating Methodology Event” will be deemed to occur upon a change in, 
amendment to, or clarification of methodology of any Rating Agency (or in the interpretation of such 
methodology) as a result of which the equity content assigned by such Rating Agency to the 
Subordinated Notes is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially reduced when compared to 
the equity content assigned by such Rating Agency to the Subordinated Notes on or around the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 69 ---
69
“Rating Agency” means the rating agency or agencies specified in the Final Terms or any of their 
respective successors.
(h)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Clean-up: If Clean-up Call Option is specified hereon and, 
at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is equal to or less than the 
percentage specified hereon of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the Issuer may, 
subject to the prior consent of the Regulator, if required, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) 
redeem, all of the Notes on the date specified in such notice. 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(i)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Investor Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its 
specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice 
period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(j)
Purchases: The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price.
(k)
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
8
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option 
of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a 
bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks 
have access to the TARGET System.
(b)
Registered Notes:

--- Page 70 ---
70
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note 
at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be 
made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in 
U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer 
Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to 
Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two 
major European cities (including Dublin so long as the Notes are admitted to listing on the official list 
of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin) and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons unexchanged Talons:
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional

--- Page 71 ---
71
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 10).
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon 
and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
9
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the

--- Page 72 ---
72
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that (i) no 
such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes if and to the extent this would 
render the Subordinated Notes ineligible for purposes of the Capital Adequacy Regulations and (ii) no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:
(a)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
the Netherlands other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(b)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if such withholding or deduction may be avoided by 
complying with any statutory requirement or by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or
(c)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder that is a partnership or a holder that is not the sole beneficial 
owner of the Note or which holds the Note in a fiduciary capacity, to the extent that any of the members 
of the partnership, the beneficial owner or the settlor or beneficiary with respect to the fiduciary would 
not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had each of the members of the 
partnership, the beneficial owner, settlor or beneficiary (as the case may be) received directly his 
beneficial or distributive share of the payment; or
(d)
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it 
is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the last day 
of such period of 30 days; or
(e)
where a withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note 
(or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 and (iii) “principal” 
and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.
The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b)  of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretation thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such intergovernmental agreement) 
(“FATCA withholding”). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent 
or any other party.
10
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years from the appropriate due 
date for payment in respect of them.

--- Page 73 ---
73
11
Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note may give written notice 
to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest (including in the case of 
Subordinated Notes under which the Issuer has the option to defer interest, all Arrears of Interest and any 
other amounts in respect of or arising under such Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons) to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable:
(a)
Subordinated Notes: In the case of the Subordinated Notes (subject to prior consent from the Regulator, 
if required), in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer. Liquidation may occur as a result of the 
winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer (ontbinding en vereffening), bankruptcy (faillissement) of the 
Issuer.
(b)
Senior Notes: In the case of Senior Notes:
(i)
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or three days (in 
the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of 
the Notes; or
(ii)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of 
its other obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 
30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified 
office by any Noteholder; or
(iii)
Cross-Default: (A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes capable of 
being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential 
default, event of default or the like (howsoever described), or (B) any such indebtedness is not 
paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period, or (C) the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised, 
in each case except if the aggregate amount falling within (A) to (C) above is less than 
€100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) or 
(iv)
Enforcement Proceedings: an executoriaal beslag (executory attachment) or a conservatoir 
beslag (interlocutory attachment) is made, or another attachment, distress, execution or other 
legal process under any law is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, 
assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries having an aggregate value of 
€100,000,000 or more and is not cancelled, withdrawn, discharged or stayed within 30 days; or
(v)
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and 
any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar person) over any assets 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries having an aggregate value of €100,000,000 or 
more (and for the avoidance of doubt any notification to Achmea Bank N.V. (“AB”) or its 
borrowers, pursuant to the securitisations DRMP II and SRMP I, and any similar future financing 
transactions of AB, AB's Secured Debt Issuance Programme and the Achmea Conditional Pass-
Through Covered Bond Programme in circumstances, in each case, where there is no default of 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in respect of those securitisations, programmes or 
financings is not considered an “enforcement” under this provision); or
(vi)
Insolvency: suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) or bankruptcy (faillissement) 
proceedings are initiated or applied for by the Issuer, any of its Material Subsidiaries or a third

--- Page 74 ---
74
party and, in the case of a third party application, not discharged within 30 days, or the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent 
or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts under any applicable law, stops, suspends or threatens to 
stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, proposes 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect 
of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries, or any such measures are officially decreed, under any applicable law; or
(vii)
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the dissolution or liquidation 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
shall apply or petition for a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself or ceases or 
threaten to ceases to carry on all or a substantial part of its business or operations, in each case 
except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, under a 
solvent winding up pursuant to a shareholders' resolution whereby the undertaking and assets of 
the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in another of the Issuer's 
Subsidiaries (which shall thereupon itself become Material Subsidiary) (notice of which shall be 
forthwith be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders) or
(viii) Authorisation and Consents: at any time a special authorisation becomes necessary to permit 
the Issuer to pay principal of and interest on the Notes in accordance with their terms as a result 
of any change in the official application of, or any amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Netherlands and such authorisation is not obtained by the Issuer within 60 days of the effective 
date of such change or amendment or official notification thereof, whichever occurs later; or
(ix)
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful under any applicable law for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with any one or more of its obligations under any of the Notes.
12
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. In the 
case of Subordinated Notes, any modification of these Conditions is subject to prior consent from the 
Regulator, if required. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 25 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting 
convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, 
inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of 
the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting 
not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any

--- Page 75 ---
75
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were 
present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid 
and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to such Series.
(b)
Modifications: The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement or of any of 
these Conditions either (i) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or of curing, correcting or supplementing any manifest or proven error or any other 
defective provision contained herein or therein or (ii) in any other manner which is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
Any modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Fiscal 
Agent agrees otherwise in respect of any modification to the Agency Agreement, any modification 
shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with 
Condition 15.
13
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in 
the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time 
to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may 
be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.
14
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
references in the conditions of such notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.
15
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the Netherlands (which is expected to be Het Financieele Dagblad) and so long as the 
Notes are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so require, also 
in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Dublin, which is expected to be the Irish Times. If any

--- Page 76 ---
76
such notice is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
16
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge 
to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that 
the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date 
of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on 
which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be 
due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it 
as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. 
For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may 
be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, 
claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other 
judgment or order.
17
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Dutch 
law.
(b)
Jurisdiction: The Courts of the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may 
be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and appellate courts, and waives any objection to Proceedings in such 
courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, 
Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 77 ---
77
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents:
(i)
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2018, together with the auditor's report thereon, included in the Issuer’s 2018 Annual 
Report: 
https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/investors/publicaties/2018/achmea-annual-
report-2018-part-1-en.pdf?la=en&hash=63427B084ED0CD2A299106902475696F05BF6224 
https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/investors/publicaties/2018/achmea-annual-
report-2018-part-2-en.pdf?la=en&hash=6E9525A9D71BB586E8422E1A068E64F8812A1367
https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/investors/publicaties/2018/achmea-annual-
report-2018-part-3-en.pdf?la=en&hash=C76AB013E11CA2A0E8FEC787DE3DCC89DDE6AEFD
(ii)
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019, together with the auditor's report thereon, included in the Issuer’s 2019 Annual 
Report: 
https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/investors/publicaties/2019/achmea-annual-
report-2019---annual-review---part-
1.pdf?la=en&hash=ABD4E1D815B50C0F9A515C86628344EFC00A14CE
https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/investors/publicaties/2019/achmea-annual-
report-2019---year-report---part-
2.pdf?la=en&hash=71E4070A440B930FBE2860254DEC7FA7AB22D1D5
https://www.achmea.nl/-/media/achmea/documenten/investors/publicaties/2019/achmea-annual-
report-2019---supplements---part-
3.pdf?la=en&hash=73BB5778E5D755CB808647ED2E7026AA628F5E22 
(iii)
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the half year ended 
30 June 2020, together with the auditor's review report thereon, included in the Issuer’s Half Year 
Report 
2020: 
https://www.achmea.nl/-
/media/achmea/documenten/investors/publicaties/2020/halfjaarrapportage-achmea-definitief-
en.pdf?la=en&hash=A2AC5231903E23696DA4D97505257D9B17934ED1
 (iv)
a press release of the Issuer dated 8 April 2020 entitled "Achmea follows call from EIOPA and DNB 
and 
suspends 
dividend 
distributions" 
(the 
“Dividend 
Suspension 
Press 
Release”): 
https://news.achmea.nl/achmea-follows-call-from-eiopa-and-dnb-and-suspends-dividend-
distributions/
(v)
a press release of the Issuer dated 28 April 2020 entitled: "Miriam van Dongen new member of 
Achmea’s 
Supervisory 
Board": 
https://news.achmea.nl/miriam-van-dongen-new-member-of-
achmeas-supervisory-board/
(vi)
a press release of the Issuer dated 18 May 2020 entitled "Achmea announces proposed issuance of new 
senior bond" (the "Q1 2020 Press Release"): https://news.achmea.nl/achmea-announces-proposed-
issuance-of-new-senior-bond/
(vii)
a press release of the Issuer dated 13 July 2020 entitled "Achmea’s solvency remains robust after 
applying DNB’s amended guidelines for calculating group solvency by the end of 2020”: 
https://news.achmea.nl/achmeas-solvency-remains-robust-after-applying-dnbs-guidelines-for-
computing-group-solvency-by-the-end-of-2020/
(viii) a press release of the Issuer dated 4 August 2020 entitled "Achmea takes the next step in the process 
of combining its mortgage activities": https://news.achmea.nl/achmea-takes-the-next-step-in-the-
process-of-combining-its-mortgage-activities/
(ix)
a press release of the Issuer dated 13 August 2020 entitled "Achmea posts operational result of €127 
million” (the “H1 2020 Press Release”): https://news.achmea.nl/interim-results-2020/

--- Page 78 ---
78
(x)
a press release of the Issuer dated 29 September 2020 entitled “Achmea distributes capital to 
shareholders”: https://news.achmea.nl/achmea-distributes-capital-to-shareholders/ 
(xi)
a press release of the Issuer dated 1 December 2020 entitled “Willem van Duin to step down as 
Chairman of the Executive Board; Vice-Chair Bianca Tetteroo appointed as successor in April 2021”: 
https://news.achmea.nl/willem-van-duin-to-step-down-as-chairman-of-the-executive-board--vice-
chair-bianca-tetteroo-appointed-as-successor-in-april-2021/ 
(xii)
a press release of the Issuer dated 11 December 2020 entitled “Achmea acquires Slovak insurance 
company Poštová poisťovňa”: https://news.achmea.nl/achmea-acquires-slovak-insurance-company-
postova-poisova/   
(xiii) a press release of the Issuer dated 25 January 2021 entitled “Impact of Covid-19 on Achmea’s annual 
results on health insurance activities”: https://news.achmea.nl/impact-of-covid-19-on-achmeas-
annual-results-on-health-insurance-activities/ 
(xiv) the terms and conditions set out on pages 62 to 94 of the base prospectus dated 15 July 2019 under the 
heading 
“Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes”: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_7a219ffe-b905-4b52-bb41-
a220bd015e11.pdf
each of which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
which have been filed with Euronext Dublin and with the Central Bank of Ireland in compliance with Article 
19 of the Prospectus Regulation. Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to 
herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 79 ---
79
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, shall constitute a supplementary prospectus as required 
by the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from 
this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights 
attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of 
copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 80 ---
80
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
The form of Final Terms of the Notes that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below:
Final Terms dated [DATE]
Achmea B.V.
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [[an 
EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation)] can have access and shall not be offered 
or sold to non-qualified investors.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU “MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (“IDD”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / 
1 
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA  Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”.
2 
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not                          
Applicable”.

--- Page 81 ---
81
[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a ‘distributor’) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), 
and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a ‘distributor’) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 26 January 2021 (the “Base Prospectus”) 
[and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [date]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]2. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].]3 [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein which have been prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]]4 in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base prospectus[es]] [has] [have] been published on the Issuer's 
website at www.achmea.com.
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.)
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 15 July 2019 which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 26 
January 2021 (the “Base Prospectus”). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
[and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
2 
Delete this language in case of Notes NOT to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or within the UK.
3 
Include this language in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA, or within the UK.
4 
Include this language in case of Notes NOT to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA, or within the UK.

--- Page 82 ---
82
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base 
prospectus dated 15 July 2019.]5 [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
which have been prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated], save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the base prospectus dated 15 July 2019]6 in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base prospectus[es]] [has] [have] been published on 
the Issuer's website at [www.achmea.com].]
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.)
(When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.)
5 
Include this language in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA, or within the UK.
6 
Include this language in case of Notes NOT to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA, or within the UK.

--- Page 83 ---
83
1
Issuer:
Achmea B.V. 
2
(i)
Series Number:
[ ]
(ii) 
Tranche Number:
[ ]
(iii)
Date on which the 
Notes become 
fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 28 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].]
3
Specified Currency or 
Currencies:
[ ]
4
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount:
[ ]
(i)
Series:
[ ]
(ii)
Tranche:
[ ]
5
Issue Price:
[ ] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from
[insert date] (if applicable)]
6
(i)
Specified 
[ ]
Denominations:
[Where multiple denominations above €100,000 (or equivalent) are 
being used the following sample wording should be followed, unless 
they are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a 
specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access: [€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof [up to and including [€199,000] No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000]]*]
*[Delete if Notes being issued in registered form.]
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of S 
19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year must have 
a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).
(ii)
Calculation 
Amount: 
[ ]
7
(i)
Issue Date:
[ ]

--- Page 84 ---
84
(ii)
Interest 
Commencement 
Date
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8
Maturity Date:
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify relevant month and year]][Not 
Applicable]
9
Interest Basis:
[[ ] % Fixed Rate [up to but excluding [ ]]
[Reset Notes]
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [ ] % Floating Rate [from and including [ 
]] [Zero Coupon]
(further particulars specified below in paragraph 14, 15, 16, 17 and 
18, as applicable)
[Optional deferral of interest payments (Condition 6(a)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
10
Redemption/Payment 
Basis:
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption][If 
redeemed], the Notes will be redeemed [on the Maturity Date] at 
[100] per cent. of their nominal amount.
11
Change of Interest 
Basis:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable - Reset Notes, see paragraph 15 
below] [Applicable - specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 16 below and identify 
there]
12
Put/Call Options
Tax Call Option
[Investor Put Option]
[Issuer Call Option]
[Regulatory Call Option][only for Subordinated Notes]
[Rating Call Option][only for Subordinated Notes]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[(further particulars specified below in paragraphs 19 through 24, 
as applicable)]
13
(i)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/[Dated/Undated (Perpetual)] Subordinated]
[(ii)
[Date [Board] 
approval for 
issuance of Notes 
obtained:
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes)

--- Page 85 ---
85
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions
[Applicable 
[to 
but 
excluding 
[ 
]]/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date]
(ii)
Interest Payment 
Date(s):
[ ] in each year
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s):
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [ ] [Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count 
Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365(Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(vi)
Determination 
Dates:
[ ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))
15
Reset Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Initial Rate(s) of 
Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date]
(ii)
Reset Margin:
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum
(iii)
Interest Payment 
Date(s):
[ ] in each year
(iv)
Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s):
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(v)
Broken Amount(s):
[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [ ] [Not Applicable]
(vi)
First Reset Note 
Reset Date:
[ ]
(vii)
Anniversary
[ ] [and each corresponding day and month falling [ ] years 
thereafter] Date(s):
(viii)
Mid-Market Swap 
Rate:
[ ]
(ix)
ICESWAP Rate:
[“ICESWAP1”/“ICESWAP2”/“ICESWAP3”/“ICESWAP4]

--- Page 86 ---
86
(x)
Day Count 
Fraction:
30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365(Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
16
Floating Rate Note 
Provisions
[Applicable 
[from 
and 
including 
[ 
]]/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[[ ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in (v) below.] [Not Applicable]
(ii)
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:
[ ]
(iii)
First Interest 
Payment Date:
[ ]
(iv)
Interest Period 
Date:
[ ] [Not Applicable]
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment Date)
(v)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention]
(vi)
Business Centre(s): 
[ ]
(vii) Manner in which 
the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate
Determination/ISDA 
Determination]
(viii) Party responsible 
for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not 
the Agent):
[ ] (the "Calculation Agent")
(ix)
Screen Rate 
Determination:
[ ]
-
Reference Rate:
[LIBOR/EURIBOR]
-
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[ ]
-
Relevant
[ ]
Screen Page:
-
Reference 
Banks:
[[
]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
87
Banks:
(x)
ISDA
Determination:
-
Floating Rate
Option:
- Designated
 
Maturity:
- Reset Date:
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]
(xi)
Linear 
Interpolation:
Not Applicable / Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)]
(xii)
Margin(s):
[+/-][ ] per cent per annum
(xiii) Minimum Rate of 
Interest:
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of 
Interest:
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xv)
Day Count 
Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
17
Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[ ] per cent per annum 
(ii)
[Day Count 
Fraction in relation 
to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
18
Deferral of Interest
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
19
Tax Call 
(Condition 7(d))
(i)
Time or 
date(s)meant in 
Condition7(d)(i):
[ ]

--- Page 88 ---
88
(ii)
Time or date(s) 
meant in 
Condition7(d)(ii):
[ ]
20
Issuer Call Option 
(Condition 7(e))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[ ]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in 
part:
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period
[[ ]/[As per Conditions]]
21
Regulatory Call Option 
(Condition 7(f))
[Applicable/Not Applicable][only for Subordinated Notes]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(f)(i):
[ ]
(ii)
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(f)(ii):
[ ]
22
Rating Call Option 
(Condition7(g))
[Applicable/Not Applicable][only for Subordinated Notes]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(g)(i):
[ ]
(ii)
Time or date(s) 
meant in Condition 
7(g)(ii):
[ ]

--- Page 89 ---
89
(iii)
Rating Agency as 
meant in 
Condition7(g)
[ ]
23
Clean-up Call Option
(Condition 7(h))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(ii)
Percentage of 
aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes 
outstanding
[ ]
(iii)
Notice period
[[ ]/[As per Conditions]]
24
Investor Put Option
(Condition 7(i))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[ ]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period
[[ ]/[As per Conditions]
25
Final Redemption 
Amount of each Note
[ ] per Calculation Amount
26
Early Redemption 
Amount
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation, regulatory or 
rating reasons or on event 
of default or other early 
redemption:
[
] per Calculation Amount
27
Condition 7(b): 
certificate required:
[Yes/No]

--- Page 90 ---
90
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
28
Form of Notes:
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [ ] days' 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] 
days' notice] [In relation to any issue of Notes which are a “Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes” in circumstances other 
than “in the limited circumstances specified in the Global Note”, 
such Notes may only be issued in denominations equal to, or greater 
than, €100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples thereof]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]
Registered Notes:
[Regulation S Global Note (€[] nominal amount) registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]]
29
New Global Note:
[Yes] [No]
30
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/include. Note that this paragraph relates to the 
date and place of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraphs 14(ii), 15(iii) and 16(vi) relate]
31
Talons for future Coupons 
to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such 
Talons mature):
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are left.]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Achmea B.V.:
By:  …………………………..
Duly authorised

--- Page 91 ---
91
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been be made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated 
market.][Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin [specify other] with effect from [
].] [Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimated total expenses:
[ ]
2
[RATINGS
Ratings:
[[The Notes to be issued [have been rated/are expected to be 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type under the Programme generally]]:
[S&P: [ ]] 
[Moody's: [ ]] 
[[Other]: [ ]] 
[Not Applicable]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable:
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the European Union and [has]/[have each] applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended, although the result of such application has not yet been 
determined.]
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended.]

--- Page 92 ---
92
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] not established in the 
European Union and [has]/[have] not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended.]
3
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER]
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below:)
“Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
(i) Reasons for the offer:
[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus/specify 
particular identified use of proceeds]]
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:
[ ]
(iii)Estimated total expenses:
[ ]
5
[Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD
Indication of yield:
[ ]
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
6
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES
Details of performance of [LIBOR/EURIBOR] rates can be obtained, free of charge, from [Reuters].] 
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[]
CFI:
[[[include code]3, as updated, as set out on]/[See] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
FISN:
[[[include code]4, as updated, as set out on]/[See] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
Common Code:
[ ]
3 The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
4 The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 93 ---
93
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking SA and the 
relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)[ and, address(es)]] 
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[ ] [Not Applicable]
[Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 
15]:
[Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the clearing 
systems will be deemed to have been given on the 
[second][business] day after the day on which it was given to 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, SA]
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes][No]
[Include this text if “yes” selected: Note that the designation “yes” 
simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]
[Include this text if “no” selected: Whilst the designation is set at 
“no”, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
Statement on benchmark[s]:
[[EURIBOR][LIBOR]] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear] [repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by [ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the EU Benchmark Regulation] [the FCA pursuant to Article 36 
of the UK Benchmark Regulation]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[specify benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall within the scope of the 
[EU Benchmark Regulation][the UK Benchmark Regulation] by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] [the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the [EU Benchmark Regulation][UK Benchmark 
Regulation] apply, such that [legal name of administrator(s)] 
[is/are] not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the [European Union][United 
Kingdom], recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 94 ---
94
8
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A)
Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B)
Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any)
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer 
Not Applicable/give names]
(iv)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
Reg. S Compliance Category 1; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable]
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the 
Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 95 ---
95
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
1
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in 
NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), (i) the Global Notes or the Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common 
Safekeeper; and (ii) the relevant clearing systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes or 
Global Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS 
may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary.
If the Global Notes is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or 
indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. 
Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited 
to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
2
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer 
of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in 
relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in 
accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against 
the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such 
Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to 
the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, 
in respect of each amount so paid.
3 
Exchange
3.1
Temporary Global Notes
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date:

--- Page 96 ---
96
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
“Overview of the Programme - Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if 
so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.
3.2
Permanent Global Notes
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for 
Definitive Notes:
(i)
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only.
3.3
Permanent Global Certificates
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Permanent Global Certificate 
on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent 
the trading of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of 
such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn 
from the relevant clearing system.
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 
2(b) may only be made in part:
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or
(iii)
with the consent of the Issuer,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 
3.3(ii) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer.
3.4
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due.

--- Page 97 ---
97
3.5
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to 
that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such 
exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be, or if the Global Note is a NGN, 
the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the 
definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a 
Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer 
will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the 
relevant Definitive Notes.
3.6
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal 
in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given 
and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located.
4
Amendment to Conditions
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
4.1
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in 
compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation 
of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against 
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent 
as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a 
record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will 
be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global 
Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global 
Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder.

--- Page 98 ---
98
Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to 
make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 8(h) 
(Non-Business Days).
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record 
date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 
December and 1 January.
4.2
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the 
appropriate due date for payment.
4.3
Meetings
The holder of a Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such Permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated 
as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders 
and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one 
vote in respect of each minimum Specified Denomination of Notes for which such Global Note 
may be exchanged. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each 
Note comprising such Noteholder's holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.)
4.4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note.
4.5
Purchase
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of 
interest (if any) thereon.
4.6
Issuer's Option
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall 
be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all 
of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the 
Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be).
4.7
Noteholders' Options

--- Page 99 ---
99
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global 
Note giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with 
a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from 
any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of 
the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of 
Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Permanent 
Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying 
Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN or 
where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly.
4.8
NGN Nominal amount
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition 
to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems 
and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount 
of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.
4.9
Events of Default
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to 
become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 of the Term and 
Conditions of the Notes by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such 
Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid 
when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate 
may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of the relevant Global 
Note of Global Certificate to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global 
Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such 
Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders with a clearing 
system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, 
the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the register kept by the Registrar will 
become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, no 
such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the 
transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall 
have been improperly withheld or refused.
4.10
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf 
of a clearing system, and the rules of that clearing system permit, notices to the holders of Notes 
of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the 
Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that so 
long as the Notes are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of that 
exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation 
in the Dublin (which is expected to be the Irish Times).
5
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then:

--- Page 100 ---
100
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic 
Consent” as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters 
that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which 
the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global 
Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another 
person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing 
the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) 
and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner 
shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any 
form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system 
(including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or 
nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having 
rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such 
person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 101 ---
101
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 102 ---
102
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
General information
Achmea B.V. (“Achmea”) was incorporated by deed of incorporation on 30 December 1991. Achmea is a 
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated 
and operating under the laws of the Netherlands, including the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek), with 
its corporate seat in Zeist. The registered office of Achmea is Handelsweg 2, 3707 NH Zeist, telephone 
number +31 (0)30 6937000. Achmea is registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of 
Commerce, registration number 33235189. Achmea's commercial name is Achmea. The Legal Entity 
Identifier number of Achmea is 7245007QUMI1FHIQV531. 
The articles of association of Achmea (the "Articles of Association") were most recently amended by deed 
of amendment dated 19 April 2013.
Objectives
Pursuant to Article 2 of the Articles of Association, the objectives of Achmea are to participate in, to finance 
or in any other way take an interest in, and to conduct the management of, other companies and business 
enterprises, to acquire, own, operate and encumber movable and immovable property, to invest in other 
companies and enterprises, to invest in property, securities and deposits, to render services in the field of 
commerce and finance, to give guarantees and to bind itself for obligations of companies and business 
enterprises with which it is associated in a group of companies, and to do anything that is, in the widest sense 
of the word, connected with the aforementioned objectives or can be conducive to the attainment thereof.
History
Achmea's history dates back to 1811. The Group (as defined below) was formed by the mergers and 
acquisitions of numerous mutual and cooperative insurance providers over a period of over two centuries. 
The history of Achmea begins as Onderlinge Waarborgmaatschappij `Achlum', founded by farmer Ulbe Piers 
Draisma in 1811.
On 18 November 2011 a legal merger took place between Eureko B.V. and its fully owned subsidiary Achmea 
Holding N.V. where the latter was merged into Eureko B.V. Eureko's name was subsequently changed into 
Achmea as of 19 November 2011.
Business 
Overview
Achmea is a financial services provider whose core business is insurance. Through its subsidiaries, which 
comprises amongst others Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V., Achmea Schadeverzekeringen 
N.V., N.V. Hagelunie, Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V., InAdmin RiskCo Group B.V., Achmea Reinsurance 
Company N.V., Achmea Bank N.V., Achmea Interne Diensten N.V., Achmea Services N.V., Zilveren Kruis 
Health Services N.V., InShared Holding B.V., Achmea Investment Management B.V., Achmea 
Pensioenservices N.V., Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance B.V., Achmea Innovation Fund B.V., Eureko 
Sigorta A.S., Interamerican Hellenic Life Insurance Company SA, Union Poistovna AS, Union Zdravotna 
Poistovna AS and Onlia Holding INC (50%) (collectively, the “Group”), Achmea offers a full range of 
insurance products and related financial products through the banking, direct and brokerage distribution 
channels. In the Netherlands, main products are property & casualty insurance, income protection insurance, 
health insurance, term life insurance, asset management and retirement services and retail annuity products. 
Outside the Netherlands, Achmea operates in Turkey, Greece, Cyprus, Slovakia, Australia and Canada. (See 
“Business Lines – International”).

--- Page 103 ---
103
The Group's primary goal is to develop products and services that meet the needs of its customers - private 
individuals, companies and other organisations. The Group employs a multi-brand, multi-channel strategy to 
distribute its products among clients. It has a broad range of product offerings and a full range of distribution 
channels in order to position itself advantageously within different customer and pricing segments. Within 
the Netherlands, the Group primarily uses its brands Interpolis in the banking distribution channel, FBTO, 
Centraal Beheer, Zilveren Kruis, Inshared in the direct distribution channel and Avéro Achmea in the broker 
distribution channel.
Business Lines
Achmea organises its operations according to five market-oriented chains: Non-Life, Health, Retirement 
Services, Pension & Life and International. These five chains are outlined below:
Non-life Netherlands
Achmea is one of the market leaders in the Netherlands in non-life insurance, holding an estimated market 
share of more than 20%, offering brands such as Centraal Beheer, Interpolis and FBTO6. Through the direct, 
banking and brokerage channels, Achmea provides its private and commercial customers with car insurance, 
home insurance, home contents insurance, liability insurance, travel insurance. In addition, Achmea offers 
various types of sickness insurance and individual and group disability insurance. For the year ended 31 
December 2019, 18%7 of total gross written premiums (“GWP”) are generated by Non-Life Netherlands.
Health Netherlands
Achmea is one of the market leaders in the Netherlands in health insurance8. Achmea provides health 
insurance for approximately five million people in the Netherlands. Health gross written premiums represent 
a significant share of total GWP, 71%9 for the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly as a result of the 
mandatory basic health insurance. Achmea offers basic and supplementary health insurance and health 
services in the Netherlands.
Retirement Services Netherlands
With the strategy for Retirement Services, Achmea is focusing on the changing needs of customers, changes 
in society and further modifications in the pension system. These changes are resulting in new ways to save 
for retirement. As part of these efforts, Achmea established the Centraal Beheer Algemeen Pensioenfonds 
(the "CB APF") in 2016 as an alternative to pension insurance. Through additional products and services 
provided by Achmea Investment Management and Achmea Bank for the third and fourth pillars of the pension 
system, Achmea provides a comprehensive solution. As of 31 December 2019, Achmea Investment 
Management has €147 billion assets under management for institutional and retail clients. Achmea has been 
engaged through Achmea Pensioenservices N.V. to carry out pension management activities for the CB APF. 
Achmea Pensioenservices N.V. also provides pension management activities to company and voluntary 
industry pension funds. Achmea has all the skills required within its ranks to carry out this initiative, and is 
managing this as part of an integrated strategy. As of 2020, Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance forms 
part of its Retirement Services segment following the announcement of the bundling of its mortgage activities 
at the end of 2019.
In line with its new strategy for Retirement Services, Achmea will collaborate with Pensioenfonds PGB and 
IT service provider CGI to set up a new pension administration platform. This platform will be based on the 
RiskCo Administration Platform of the Utrecht-based company InAdmin RiskCo. Achmea and PGB have 
acquired this company. The three parties will invest jointly in the new platform and subsequently offer it to 
the entire pension sector. Through this, they expect to achieve scale and cost benefits for pension fund 
6.
Internal market assessment based on publicly available figures
7 
Annual Report 2019
8 
Vektis figures 2019
9 
Annual Report 2019

--- Page 104 ---
104
members, pension administrators and the pension funds themselves. The new platform will also make it 
possible to respond more flexibly and quickly to the major changes in the Dutch pension system.
Pension & life Netherlands
With the launch of the new Retirement Services strategy and the establishment of the CB APF, Achmea has 
taken the strategic decision to stop offering new pension insurance products and to focus its pension strategy 
completely towards providing services to the CB APF. With its Retirement Services solutions Achmea keeps 
a competitive offer to the pension market. It has created a closed-book pension which it integrated with the 
existing closed-book Life. The closed book organisation focuses on further cost management and on 
optimising free cash flows while maintaining the current high customer satisfaction scores. When it comes 
to new business, Achmea is focusing exclusively on term life insurance policies (the “ORV”) and on 
immediately effective annuities and pensions. These insurance solutions are part of Achmea's proposition for 
retirement services. For the year ended 31 December 2019, gross written premiums from Achmea's Pension 
& Life activities represent 6% of total GWP.10
International
Achmea operates in six markets outside the Netherlands: Greece, Turkey, Slovakia, Cyprus, Australia and 
Canada. In Greece, Interamerican Greece offers non-life, life and health products and services as well as an 
integrated roadside assistance service. Moreover, Interamerican Greece also offers online car insurances in 
Cyprus. Wholly-owned Eureko Sigorta in Turkey offers a full range of non-life and health products through 
the banking channel. Achmea also has a minority share in the Turkish pension services provider Garanti 
Emeklilik, Union Slovakia provides a product portfolio of non-life, health and life products. Achmea was 
granted a licence at the end of 2013 to sell insurances in Australia. Under the brand name Achmea Australia, 
Achmea sells non-life insurance products and services to amongst others Rabobank's agricultural customers 
in Australia. In 2018, Achmea expanded its activities into Canada where it launched its digital insurance 
company Onlia. Furthermore, Hagelunie is a Dutch insurance company specialising in glass horticultural 
insurance for growing agricultural products in Europe and the world. Gross written premiums from Achmea's 
International business line represent 5% of total GWP.11
Other Activities
The Other Activities segment includes Achmea's strategic investments, the results of its Shared Service 
Centers, activities at the holding company level and Achmea Reinsurance.
Organisation structures
The shareholder structure of the Group is as follows as of 31 December 2019. The percentages reflect the 
voting rights in the General Meeting of Shareholders of Achmea.
Voting rights
Capital rights
Vereniging Achmea (directly and through STAK)
60.75%
64.48%
Rabobank
28.27%
30.00%
BCP Pension Fund
2.57%
2.73%
Gothaer Allgemeine Versicherung
0.50%
0.53%
Gothaer Finanz Holding
0.57%
0.61%
Schweizerische Mobiliar Holding
0.67%
0.71%
Stichting Beheer Aandelen Achmea
0.89%
0.94%
10 
Annual Report 2019
11 
Annual Report 2019

--- Page 105 ---
105
Achmea Tussenholding B.V.*
5.78%
-
* Preference shares.
Corporate Governance
Achmea adheres to the following relevant corporate governance codes: the Code of Conduct for Insurers, the 
Banking Code, the applicable principles of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and the Achmea Code of 
Conduct.
Code of Conduct for Insurers
The Code of Conduct for Insurers includes a number of principles relating to the careful treatment of 
customers and the permanent education of directors and internal supervisors. This Code of Conduct (2018 
version) combines existing and new self-regulation of the sector with general provisions, including core 
values and rules of conduct. Based on the Code of Conduct for Insurers, insurers give more depth to their 
public role, drawing on their own corporate vision. Achmea is doing this by means of, for example, its 
cooperative identity and strategy map, and has integrated this into its processes and the Achmea Code of 
Conduct.
Banking Code 
The services Achmea provides to its customers also include banking activities, which are offered through 
Achmea Bank N.V. The Banking Code (2015), Het Maatschappelijk Statuut (the Social Charter) and the rules 
of conduct associated with the Bankers' Oath together make up the Future-Oriented Banking package. The 
purpose of this package is to play a key role in restoring trust in society in relation to banks and their roles in 
the community. Achmea Bank N.V. abides by the Banking Code. Achmea Bank N.V. accounts for its 
compliance 
with 
the 
Banking 
Code 
principles 
on 
the 
websites 
www.achmeabank.nl 
and 
www.achmeabank.com. Here, specific examples are used to illustrate how the principles were complied with.
Corporate Governance Code
Since 1 January 2004, listed companies in the Netherlands have been required to report on compliance with 
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code in their management report on a 'comply or explain' basis. Although 
Achmea has listed instruments it is not a listed company. Achmea has voluntarily adopted and embedded the 
majority of the Code's principles in its governance structure. Where applicable, Achmea is almost fully in 
compliance with the principles and best practices. This description refers to the best practice provisions of 
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code that apply to the Issuer for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2019.In 
2019, Achmea did not fully comply with the following three principles of the Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code:
 The independence of members of the Supervisory Board (principle 2.1.8): Although all members of 
Achmea's Supervisory Board fulfil their duties without interference or consultation as of 31 December 2019 
two of the nine members of the Supervisory Board of Achmea B.V. did not comply with the individual 
independence principle because they are members of an executive board or supervisory board of an 
organisation holding more than 10% of the shares in Achmea. Members of Achmea's Supervisory Board are 
nominated by its shareholders (i) Vereniging Achmea, (ii) Rabobank, (iii) Gothaer Allgemeine Versicherung, 
Gothaer Finanz Holding and Schweizerische Mobiliar Holding jointly, and by the Central Works Council. 
Mr De Weijer was nominated by Vereniging Achmea and also serves on the board of Vereniging Achmea, 
which is composed of customers' representatives. This relationship is considered appropriate for Achmea 
because of its identity as a cooperative and the relationship with Vereniging Achmea as a shareholder, whose 
focus is more on the interests of the customer and Achmea's continuity. Ms Hofsté was nominated as a 
member of the Supervisory Board of Achmea by the Central Works Council in 2015 and joined the Rabobank 
Supervisory Board in late December 2016. In addition, no single group of members of the Supervisory Board 
nominated by individual shareholders or the Central Works Council has a majority on the Supervisory Board. 
Members of the Supervisory Board are nominated by the General Meeting based on their expertise and

--- Page 106 ---
106
independence and take part in the meetings without reference to or prior consultation with the parties which 
nominated them. Where appropriate, they refrain from participating in deliberations or decision-making. 
Incidentally, principle 2.1.8 needs to be taken in conjunction with principle 2.1.7, whereby 2.1.7 pertains to 
the criteria for guaranteeing independence of the board as a whole. The independence of the board is 
guaranteed and its composition complies with the criteria laid down in principle 2.1.7.
 The duration of the appointment of members of the Executive Board (principle 2.2.1.): The Corporate 
Governance Code recommends that members of the Executive Board be appointed for a term of four years. 
The only exception, where Achmea does not comply with this principle, is the term of the Chairman of the 
Executive Board. His appointment is for an indefinite period of time, and this contractual arrangement is 
complied with. 
 Adoption of the remuneration policy for the executive board by the AGM (principle 3.1.1.): The 
Supervisory Board determines the salary and the terms and conditions of employment of members of the 
Executive Board. Achmea’s remuneration policy is also assessed by the Remuneration Committee and 
adopted by the Supervisory Board. Achmea regards this as a matter for the Supervisory Board and therefore 
does not submit the matter to the General Meeting. The General Meeting is of course informed annually of 
the remuneration of the Executive Board members via sections in the year report on this remuneration and 
via the annual Remuneration Report.
The manner in which Achmea has adopted and embedded the Corporate Governance Code was discussed 
with, and has been approved by, the Supervisory Board. The General Meeting has likewise approved 
Achmea's current corporate governance structure.
Achmea Code of Conduct
Achmea aims to be a leader in terms of its own rules of conduct and in terms of anticipating current and new 
regulations. For example, Achmea has decided that all employees take a special oath or affirmation for the 
financial industry, which is in line with the Achmea's cooperative identity. Active control exercised to foster 
integrity and prevent integrity violations and fraud limites any negative impact on trust, returns and the cost 
of claims. Achmea has therefore drawn up an Achmea Code of Conduct to ensure ethical conduct in 
accordance with Achmea's values and standards. 
By recording duties and responsibilities in the area of fraud, risk management and checks, the control over 
and limitation of fraud is secured. Should an ethics violation or incident of fraud nevertheless occur, this can 
be reported on a confidential basis. A whistleblower policy is in place for this purpose and available at 
www.achmea.nl.
Agreement among the largest shareholders of Achmea
Following strategic agreements between Rabobank, Vereniging Achmea and Achmea in 2011, parties have 
agreed that the business cooperation between Rabobank and Achmea shall be based on a preferential 
partnership rather than on exclusivity. Furthermore, adjustments have been made to the Articles of 
Association that require that certain decisions as explained below must have the approval of 80% of the votes 
in the General Meeting.
Amongst others, the following decisions of the Executive Board of Achmea need the prior approval from the 
supervisory board and the General Meeting, where the General Meeting needs to resolve positively with a 
qualified majority of 80% of the votes and with observance of an 80% quorum:
1.
crucial strategic resolutions that contain a fundamental change in course in the strategy of the 
company or changing the character of the company and/or affecting the interests of Rabobank 
materially including decisions to enter into or terminate strategic participations and/or lasting 
cooperation agreements; and

--- Page 107 ---
107
2.
the acquisition or the selling of interests or of assets if these have a financial impact of more than 
€250 million.
In addition to the above, Rabobank has the right to nominate a member for appointment in Achmea's 
supervisory board.
Supervision
With the introduction of Solvency II on 1 January 2016 Achmea is under group supervision by DNB, as 
Achmea is the holding company of several (re) insurance subsidiaries. In such cases, supervision of the 
individual insurance firms in the group is supplemented by supervision of the group as a whole. This means 
that almost all elements of Solvency II are, mutatis mutandis, applied to the group (Section 3:285 of the Dutch 
Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht)). In addition, Achmea is subject to supervision by 
the DNB under the Dutch Financial Supervision Act on the basis of the rules for supervision of financial 
conglomerates. Please note that several group companies of Achmea are subject to direct supervision of the 
AFM, and/or the DNB and are also subject to the Dutch Financial Supervision Act.
Supervisory and Executive Board
The Executive and Supervisory Boards of Achmea are composed as follows. Any principal activities 
performed by members of the Executive and Supervisory Boards are mentioned as well after their respective 
names.
Executive Board
Members of the Executive Board are appointed by the Supervisory Board on the non-binding nomination of 
the (indirect) A-shareholder: Vereniging Achmea. Executive Board members are selected based on their 
proven experience and competence in the financial services industry where Achmea strives for recruitment 
within the organisation for the appointment of members of the Executive Board. The members of the 
Executive Board provide a good mix of specific insurance experience (health, non-life, life & pensions) 
experience in the public/private market (healthcare, pensions) and the various distribution channels (direct, 
broker and banc assurance), as well as areas such as Finance, IT and HR. All current Achmea Executive 
Board members match the general profile for members of the Executive Board and have been approved by 
the Dutch regulators.
The Executive Board is comprised of six members (four male and two female). Achmea aims to establish a 
good male/female ratio on the Executive Board. In addition to the aim of maintaining a balance in the 
Executive Board's skills while ensuring at the same time that newly appointed members have the experience 
required in terms of insurance, financial and risk experience, improving gender diversity is included in 
considerations regarding the filling of Executive Board vacancies. The advancement of women to top 
positions remains a priority in successor planning for the Executive Board and the management level 
immediately below the Executive Board. Although Achmea recognises the importance of greater gender 
diversity and quality, maintaining and strengthening the right mix of skills remain the key decisive factors in 
the selection process.
The overview below reflects the composition of the Executive Board as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
As per the date of the general meeting in April 2021, Willem van Duin will step down as chairman of the 
Executive Board. Bianca Tetteroo is to be appointed as chairman as per the date of the general meeting in 
April 2021. In addition, Chief Financial Officer, Michel Lamie, is to be appointed as Vice-Chairman of the 
Executive Board with effect as per the date of the general meeting in April 2021.
W.A.J. van Duin (chairman)
-
Member of the Board of European Alliance Partners Eurapco, Zürich - Switzerland

--- Page 108 ---
108
-
Chairman of the Board Dutch Association of Insurers (Verbond van Verzekeraars VvV), The Hague 
- the Netherlands
-
Member of the Bankraad DNB
- 
Chairman Supervisory Board Dutch Reinsurance for Terrorism (NHT), The Hague - the Netherlands
-
Board member Dutch Organisation of Employers, (VNO-NCW, Vereniging van Nederlandse 
Ondernemers - Nederlands Christelijk Werkgeversverbond), The Hague - the Netherlands
-
Board Member of the Achmea Foundation, Zeist - the Netherlands
-
Board Member of the Stichting Beheer Aandelen Achmea, Zeist - the Netherlands
-
Member Supervisory Board Pharm Access Group
-
Chairman International Federation of Health Plans (IFHP), London - UK
-
Representative of Achmea in the Geneva Association
-
Board Member of the Association RVS, Monte-Carlo, Monaco 
M.A.N. Lamie (CFO)
-
Chairman Supervisory Board Achmea Reinsurance Company N.V. 
-
Member of the Board Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V.
-
Member of the Board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.
-
Vice president Board of Directors Interamerican Greece
-
Member Supervisory Board Koninklijke De Heus Groep
L.T. Suur
-
Chairman of the Board of Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.
- 
Member Supervisory Board Achmea Reinsurance Company N.V.
- 
Chairman of the Non-Life Insurance sector management board of the Dutch Association of Insurers 
(Verbond van Verzekeraars)
- 
Member of the Board of Motor Guarantee Fund (Waarborgfonds Motorverkeer)
- 
Member of the Board of Green Card Bureau (Nederlands Bureau Motorrijtuigverzekeraars)
-
Member Advisory Board Foundation Microcredit for Mothers (Stichting Microkrediet voor Moeders)
H. Timmer (CRO)
-
Representative of Achmea in the CRO Forum which is a group of professional risk managers 
representing the European insurance industry which focuses on developing and promoting best 
practices in Risk Management

--- Page 109 ---
109
R. Otto
-
Board Member of The Association of online retailers Thuiswinkel.org 
-
Member of the Supervisory Board Thuiswinkel B.V.
-
Chairman of the Supervisory Boards of Hagelunie5 and InShared
-
Member of the Board Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V
-
Member of the Supervisory Board Achmea Bank
-
Chairman Board of Directors Eureko Sigorta – Turkey
-
Chairman Board of Directors Interamerican Greece – Greece
-
Chairman Supervisory Board Union – Slovakia
-
Chairman Supervisory Board Achmea Australia – Australia
-
Member Supervisory Board Onlia – Canada
- 
Senior Officer Outside Australia at Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.
-
Member of the Board of ICMIF
-
Member of the Board of AMICI-
B.E.M. Tetteroo
-
Vice-Chairman Supervisory Board of De Kunsthal 
-
Member Supervisory Board Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance 
-
Member Supervisory Board Achmea Investment Management N.V. 
-
Member Board Garanti Emikililik - Turkey
-
Member Supervisory Board Netspar
-
Member Board NCR
Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board currently has nine members. Members are appointed by the General Meeting for four 
years. They can be reappointed for a further four-year term. After such reappointment they can be reappointed 
twice for a two-year term. The composition of the Supervisory Board and nominations in the event of 
vacancies reflect the cooperative shareholder structure and employee participation through Achmea's Central 
Works Council. In conjunction with the shareholders, the company decided in 2013 to reduce the maximum 
number of Supervisory Board members from twelve to ten members, which coincided with a reduction in the 
5 The assessment process has been started to transfer this additional position to a colleague within the Executive Board

--- Page 110 ---
110
number of nominations made by majority shareholders. Vereniging Achmea is authorised to nominate 
candidates for four12 seats on the Supervisory Board. 
The foundation (Stichting Administratie Kantoor Achmea) has three board members which are also board 
members of Vereniging Achmea. This foundation holds the A-share and has the right to appoint the chairman 
from among the members of the Supervisory Board. Rabobank may nominate a candidate for one13 seat. 
Gothaer Allgemeine Versicherung, Gothaer Finanz Holding and Swiss Mobiliar have the right to jointly 
nominate one candidate. The Central Works Council is entitled to directly nominate three members14, based 
on the enhanced right of recommendation of the Central Works Council. The members of the Supervisory 
Board each attend a meeting of the COR at least once a year. All the proposed changes to the composition of 
the Supervisory Board are submitted for approval to the General Meeting and are discussed with the COR.
The Supervisory Board currently has nine members. If a position becomes available, the company's objective 
is to maintain a balanced mix of skills in the Supervisory Board while at the same time ensuring that the 
newly appointed member also has the required insurance, financial and risk management experience. 
Members of the Supervisory Board are selected and appointed based on a profile of the required professional 
background, education, experience (international experience), skills, diversity and independence. The current 
composition of the Supervisory Board is such that the members can perform their duties properly because of 
the appropriate mix of experience and expertise. As of 28 April 2020, the Supervisory Board consisted of 
five male and four female members.
In addition to diversity in terms of knowledge, expertise and age, there is also gender diversity. Achmea's 
Supervisory Board therefore meets the legal requirement regarding gender diversity. All members of the 
Supervisory Board are in compliance with the Management and Supervision (Public and Private Companies) 
Act in terms of the number of supervisory board memberships that they hold.
A.W. Veenman, 
chairman

Chairman Supervisory Board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.

Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Achmea Pensioen- en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V.

Chairman Supervisory Board OneLogistics Holding B.V.

Chairman national economic cluster ‘Topsector Logistiek’

Chairman Stichting Continuiteit SBM off shore

Member Supervisory Board TenneT TTG GmbH

Chairman Dutch Aerospace cluster (LRN)
R.Th. Wijmenga

Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee Achmea B.V.

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Pensioen & Levensverzekeringen 
N.V.

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.

Chairman Philips Pensioen Fonds
W.H. de Weijer

Chairman Supervisory Board of Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V. and its 
subsidiaries

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.

Member of the Supervisory Board of Achmea Pensioen- en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V.

Board Member Vereniging Achmea

Chairman Supervisory Board of Wielco B.V.

Member Supervisory Board of ADG

Member Supervisory Board Het Gastenhuis B.V.
12 
Effective 11 April 2019: Veenman, Wijmenga, De Weijer and Van den Berg
13 
Kloosterman
14 
Lückerath, Sneller and Hofsté

--- Page 111 ---
111

Board Member Stichting Kinderopvang Noord-Holland

Director / Owner W. de Weijer, board advice
M. Lückerath-
Rovers

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen 
N.V.

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.

Professor Corporate Governance Tilburg University/TIAS

Member Supervisory Board of the Royal Dutch Guide Dog Foundation

Member of the editorial board of the Corporate Governance Yearbook

Member Supervisory Board NRC

Member Supervisory Board Diergaarde Blijdorp

Member Supervisory Board Erasmus Trust Fund
A.C.W. Sneller

Member Audit & Risk Committee Achmea B.V.

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V. and its 
subsidiaries 

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen 
N.V.

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.

Professor of Accounting Information Systems and Management 
Accounting at Nyenrode Business University

Member Supervisory Board ProRail

Member Board Coöperatie Bureau voor Management en ICT

Chairman External Audit Committee Wigo4IT

Member Audit Advisory Committee UWV

Member Supervisory Board Infomedics
P.H.M. Hofsté

Member Audit & Risk Committee and Nomination Committee Achmea 
B.V.

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen 
N.V.

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.

Member Supervisory Board and Chair Audit Committee Achmea 
Investment Management N.V.

Member Supervisory Board and Chairman Audit Committee Rabobank

Member Supervisory Board and Chair Audit Committee Fugro N.V.

Member Supervisory Board and Chair Audit Committee Pon Holdings 
B.V.

Chair of the Board and Executive Committee of Stichting Nyenrode

Member of the Board and Treasurer of Vereniging Hendrick de Keyser

Member of the Board and Treausurer of Stichting Capital
J. van den Berg

Member of the Supervisory Board of Achmea Zorgverzekeringen N.V. 
and its subsidiaries

Member of the Supervisory Board of Achmea Pensioen- en 
Levensverzekeringen N.V.

Member of the Supervisory Board of Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.

Member of the Supervisory Board of MyTomorrows

Member of the Supervisory Board of HealthTech Global
M.A. Kloosterman

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen 
N.V.

--- Page 112 ---
112

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.

Member of the Board of Stichting Continuïteit Takeaway.com

Treasurer Stichting Zorg en Bijstand

Member Supervisory Board Stichting De Oude Kerk Amsterdam

Member of the Board Stichting AGRI3

Investor Director Cerberus Global Investments B.V.
M.R. van Dongen

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen 
N.V.

Member Supervisory Board Achmea Schadeverzekeringen N.V.

Member Audit & Risk Committee Achmea B.V

Member Supervisory Board and chairman Audit and Risk Committee 
Kadaster

Member Supervisory Board and chairman of Audit Committee Optiver

Vice-Chairman Supervisory Board and chairman of Audit Committee 
PGGM

Vice-chairman Supervisory Board and chairman Audit, Risk and 
Compliance Committee Mollie
All members of the Executive and Supervisory Board elect domicile at Achmea B.V, Handelsweg 2 (3707 
NH), the Netherlands.
At present there are no conflicts or potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the Executive Board 
and/or the Supervisory Board of Achmea and their private interests and/or other duties of members of the 
Executive Board and/or the Supervisory Board of Achmea. Members of the Executive Board and/or 
Supervisory Board may, however, obtain financial services from the Group. Further, internal rules are in 
place for the situation in which a conflict of interest should arise.
Audit & Risk Committee
The Audit & Risk Committee is a committee of the Supervisory Board and consists of at least three members 
of the Supervisory Board. The Audit & Risk Committee currently consists of Mr R.Th. Wijmenga (chairman), 
Ms M.R. van Dongen, Ms P.H.M. Hofsté, and Mrs. A.C.W. Sneller. It meets at least seven times a year, next 
to at least one meeting a year with solely the external auditors. The external auditors may request an additional 
meeting if they consider this necessary without management being present. Meetings of the Audit & Risk 
Committee are usually attended by the Chairman of the Executive Board, the Chief Financial Officer, the 
Chief Risk Officer and the director of Internal Audit. At the Chairman's request, the directors of Finance, 
Compliance and Risk Management are invited to discuss the agenda items relevant to them. Specialists may 
be invited to attend part of the meeting for discussions on specific topics.
Responsibilities and duties
The Audit & Risk Committee advises the Supervisory Board in fulfilling its supervising responsibilities.
Therefore the Audit & Risk Committee reviews, amongst others:
(i)
(the integrity of) the Group's financial reporting process;
(ii)
the Group's actuarial reporting and modelling;
(iii)
the effectiveness of the Group's internal controls;
(iv)
the Group's risk management processes;

--- Page 113 ---
113
(v)
the effectiveness of the compliance processes with regard to regulatory issues;
(vi)
the external audit processes; and
(vii)
any other matters as directed by the Supervisory Board.
Share capital
The authorised share capital as at 31 December 2019 comprises of 2,103,943,009 ordinary shares, 1 A share 
and 60,000,000 preference shares. The issued share capital as at 31 December 2019 is €434,724,23415 and 
consists of 410,820,173 ordinary shares, 1 A share and 23,904,060 preference shares as at 31 December 2018. 
All issued shares have been paid up in full.
The largest shareholder of the ordinary shares and holder of the A share of Achmea is Vereniging Achmea 
(directly and through Stichting Administratiekantoor Achmea, the shareholder that has issued depository 
receipts for shares to Vereniging Achmea), holding 60.75% of the voting rights as at 16 April 2018.
There are special rights attached to the A share. Certain shareholders resolutions require the approval of the 
holder of the A Share, as further set out in the Articles of Association, and including, without limitation, 
resolutions relating to the share capital of Achmea, mergers and the dissolution.
Each of the holders of ordinary shares, the A share and the preference shares are entitled to receive dividends 
as declared from time to time as well as to distributions upon liquidation of Achmea. The ordinary shares and 
the A share carry identical financial rights and each of these shares is entitled to one vote at the General 
Meetings. In addition, the A share is entitled to the special rights described above.
The preference shares in the share capital of Achmea B.V. are held by Achmea Tussenholding B.V. All shares 
in Achmea Tussenholding B.V. are held by Stichting Administratiekantoor Achmea Tussenholding that, in 
turn, has issued share certificates to investors. The investors are therefore the recipients of dividends paid on 
the preference shares; they do not have voting rights in the General Meeting. These lie with Achmea 
Tussenholding B.V.
The Articles of Association contain the following provisions regarding appropriation of results. The result 
will be appropriated pursuant to Article 34 of the Articles and the provisions of this article can be summarised 
as follows:
o
The profit shall be at the disposal of the General Meeting;
o
Profit may only be distributed to shareholders and other persons entitled to distributable profits to the 
extent that its equity exceeds the total amount of its issued share capital and the reserves to be 
maintained pursuant to the law. The distribution of profit must be approved by the Executive Board. 
The latter will only withhold its approval if it is aware that, or should reasonably be able to anticipate 
that, the company, upon payment, will not be able to continue paying its due and payable debts;
o
If the General Meeting decides on the distribution of dividends, first of all, if possible, a dividend equal 
to 7.15% of the nominal amount shall be paid to preference shareholders plus the share premium paid-
up upon issue. In 2014, the percentage was reviewed and set at 3.7%. Terms on the percentage will be 
reviewed every ten years. The next review will take place before 1 January 2024;
o
Subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board shall be authorised to increase 
the above mentioned percentage determined in February 2014 each year with a maximum of 1.8%;
15 
434,724,233 ordinary shares and 1 A-class share (all with a nominal value of €1,-)

--- Page 114 ---
114
o
If no dividend in cash is distributed, a dividend in the form of preference shares can be resolved upon 
instead; and
o
If the General Meeting decides on the distribution of dividend and dividend on preference shares has 
not been paid in previous years, cash dividends shall first be paid to preference shareholders on these 
previous years, before any distribution can take place on other shares.
Shares subject to option and derivative agreements
Pursuant to certain share repurchase agreements, several shareholders of Achmea B.V. have the right to sell 
their shares on market-based conditions during a certain timeframe to third parties which are not related to 
Achmea B.V. When an option is exercised, Achmea B.V. has the subsequent right to purchase these shares 
or to enter into a derivative transaction with the purchasing third party. Pursuant to this transaction Achmea 
B.V. will pay the purchaser an upfront premium equal to the settlement amount due by the purchaser to the 
selling shareholder under the related option. During the life of the derivative transaction, Achmea B.V. will 
receive all dividends distributed to the third party in return for a fixed fee. Upon unwinding of the derivative 
transaction, Achmea B.V. will receive from the purchaser the upfront premium paid adjusted for part of the 
change in value of the Achmea B.V. shares held by the third party during the life of the derivative transaction.
The options can be settled in the form of a perpetual or a 30 year subordinated debt instrument. The options 
can be exercised until the date of listing of Achmea on a stock exchange. In total 6,824,836 Achmea shares 
remain subject to the option and derivative agreements as at 31 December 2019.

--- Page 115 ---
115
2019 Financial results
Group results
RESULTS (€ MILLION)
2019
2018
Δ
Gross written premiums
19,949
19,918
0%
Net earned premiums
19,524
19,685
-1%
Gross operating expenses 1
2,092
2,211
-5%
BREAKDOWN OF RESULTS
Operational result (excluding Health Netherlands)
485
263
84%
Health Netherlands
62
128
-52%
Operational result 
547
391
40%
Transaction result
0
175
N/A
Results before tax
547
566
-3%
Net result
481
315
53%
BALANCE SHEET
31-12-2019
31-12-2018
Δ
Total assets
89,488
81,816
9%
Total equity
10,191
9,705
5%
SOLVENCY II
Δ
Solvency ratio after dividend (Partial Internal Model) 2
214%
198%
16%-pt
EMPLOYEES IN THE NETHERLANDS AND ABROAD 3
Δ
FTEs (internal)
13,801
13,714
1%
FTEs (external)
2,590
2,922
-11%
1)
Gross operating expenses comprise personnel expenses, depreciation costs for land and buildings for company use and plant and equipment 
and general expenses, including IT expenses and marketing expenses. These are operating expenses excluding paid and due fees, profit 
sharing on reinsurance and fees and for the allocation of claims handling expenses and allocated investment costs. 
2)
The solvency ratios reported here are after the deduction of dividends, but also after the payment of coupons on hybrid capital. In April 2020, 
Achmea followed the call from EIOPA and DNB to suspend dividend distributions. In July 2020, the Dutch Central Bank resumed assessing 
proposed dividend distributions. On 29 September 2020, Achmea decided to distribute capital following the results of 2019.
3)
The number of FTEs is based on a working week of 36 hours.

--- Page 116 ---
116
Overall results
Achmea again took important steps towards achieving its long-term financial and strategic objectives in 2019. 
The operational result increased substantially in 2019 to €547 million (2018: €391 million). This improved 
result was mainly driven by an increase in the result from Non-Life and its Other activities. The results from 
Pension & Life and Retirement Services also increased. Achmea’s result therefore continues to evolve 
towards the result ambitions. 
The combined ratio (COR) of Achmea’s Dutch property & casualty and income protection business improved 
in 2019 and stood at 95.0% (2018: 95.5%). The operational result increased sharply to €178 million (2018: 
€97 million), due to premium growth, claims management and higher investment income. In addition, the 
result over 2018 was adversely affected by the January storms of that year. 
Achmea’s Dutch pension and life insurance business earned a strong operational result of €363 million in 
2019 (2018: €334 million). The result improved due to higher technical results and higher investment results. 
The premiums have declined in line with its service book strategy. Furthermore, Achmea continued to invest 
in its IT systems to further increase the flexibility of its execution costs and to be able to reduce them in line 
with expected future expirations in the portfolio. 
The operational result of Retirement Services increased to €30 million in 2019 (2018: €15 million). This 
increase is largely the result of a higher interest result and a one-off fair-value result relating to Achmea 
Bank’s acquisition of a part of a.sr. bank’s operations. Assets under Management at Achmea Investment 
Management grew further in 2019. 
The operational result of its International activities amounted to €22 million (2018: €29 million). The lower 
result was caused by higher claims as a result of wildfires in Australia and lower health results in Greece and 
Slovakia due to non-recurring income in 2018. At the same time, Achmea invested in its Canadian online 
property & casualty business and the result in Turkey increased slightly. 
The result of the Other activities segment strongly improved. In addition to the results of Achmea Reinsurance 
and Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance, this segment also contains the financing expenses and 
shareholder expenses. The improved result can partly be attributed to higher results for Achmea Reinsurance, 
which profited from positive cost of claims relating to prior years, while 2018 had seen a high cost of claims 
arising from the January storms. Furthermore, reorganisation expenses were lower in 2019 than they had been 
in the previous year. 
Achmea’s health activities contributed €62 million (2018: €128 million) to the result in 2019. A negative 
result of €26 million (2018: €45 million) was earned on basic health insurance due to the high cost of claims 
from prior years. The result on the current underwriting year amounted to €66 million (2018: €39 million 
negative). A positive result of €86 million was achieved on supplementary health insurance. Of this amount, 
€79 million derives from the current underwriting year (2018: €62 million). In addition, the operating 
expenses decreased further, partly due to the integration of Zilveren Kruis and De Friesland. 
Despite the positive growth of its results over 2019 and prior years, Achmea continues to face significant 
challenges in the markets in which it operates. Low interest rates put pressure on traditional revenue models, 
climate change leads to increased weather related claims damage and the Health result remains inherently 
volatile. Achmea will therefore continue to invest in its strategy, which is aimed at diversified domestic and 
international growth and development of new propositions and services, while at the same time staying 
focused on the need for active claims management and further balance sheet optimisation. 
The net result increased to €481 million in 2019 (2018: €315 million). The effective tax rate was 12% (2018: 
44%).

--- Page 117 ---
117
OPERATIONAL RESULT SEGMENTS (€ MILLION)
  
2019
2018
Non-Life Netherlands
178
97
Pension & Life Netherlands
363
334
Retirement Services Netherlands
30
15
International Activities
22
29
Other activities
-108
-212
Operational result (excl. Health Netherlands)
485
263
Health Netherlands
62
128
Operational result
547
391
BREAKDOWN OF NET RESULTS (€ MILLION)
 
2019
2018
Operational result
547
391
Transaction results from sales
0
175
Results before tax
547
566
Taxes
66
251
Net result
481
315
Gross earned premiums
The gross written premiums remained stable in 2019 at €19,949 million (2018: €19,918 million). 
Total retail and commercial premiums at Non-Life Netherlands and International grew further (5%) due to 
portfolio growth and premium adjustments. Internationally, gross written premiums increased for Achmea’s 
property & casualty activities in local currency, but were stable in euros due to exchange-rate effects. 
Gross written premiums within Health are up slightly (1%) due to a higher premium for basic health insurance 
and a larger contribution from the Health Insurance Equalisation Fund as a result of higher healthcare 
expenses in the Netherlands. This increase compensated for the decrease in the number of policyholders. 
Premiums from supplementary health insurance decreased slightly due to a lower number of policyholders. 
On balance, the international health activities saw growth in gross written premiums in Slovakia and Greece. 
Gross written premiums from Pension & Life insurance activities in the Netherlands decreased by 18% as a 
result of Achmea’s previously made strategic decision to stop actively selling pension insurance products in 
the Netherlands. Total gross written premiums were also lower than last year due to the sale of Irish life 
insurance company Friends First as of 1 June 2018.
Operating expenses 
Gross operating expenses decreased by €119 million to €2,092 million in 2019 (2018: €2,211 million). This 
decrease follows mainly from more efficient business operations as a result of measures such as IT 
rationalisation and digitisation. Expenses are also lower in 2019 due to the sale of Friends First and 
Independer in 2018. 
The total number of employees has decreased slightly to 16,391 FTEs (2018: 16,636 FTEs). In the 
Netherlands, the number of employees decreased further to 13,414 FTEs in 2019 (2018: 13,772 FTEs). The

--- Page 118 ---
118
decrease in the number of employees of more than 350 FTEs is due to the continued optimisation of processes 
and systems. The largest decreases occurred at Pension & Life and Health, as a result of more efficient 
business operations and the integration of Zilveren Kruis and De Friesland. The total number of employees 
outside the Netherlands increased slightly to 2,977 FTEs (year end 2018: 2,864 FTEs). This increase is due 
to the focus on controlled and selective expansion of Achmea’s market share in the various markets. 
Combined with the cost savings realised in previous years, Achmea more than accomplished its objective of 
cutting expenses by €200 million during the ‘Delivering Together’ strategic planning period (2017-2019). 
Based on the normalized gross operating expenses, this means that since the previous zero measurement in 
the period 2017-2019 Achmea has achieved a cost reduction of €273 million. This is the result of more 
efficient business operations, achieved through means such as IT rationalisation and the digitisation of 
business operations, which in part enabled a reduction in the number of employees. Additionally the number 
of business locations has been reduced in previous years, leading to further cost savings. In the period 2017-
2019, the number of FTEs in the Netherlands declined by about 1,850. Partly due to Achmea’s decision to 
insource some tasks from a cost perspective, this decrease is slightly lower than its previously stated ambition 
to reduce the number of employees by 2,000 FTEs in the period 2017-2019.
Investments
Investment income6 from Achmea’s own risk investment portfolio was €1,115 million in 2019 (2018: €1,066 
million). Higher realised gains on fixed-income investments and equities, as well as less negative foreign 
exchange results, had a positive impact on the results compared to 2018. Real estate revaluations were also 
positive in 2019, but the flattening market sentiment leads to lower result than the previous year. 
The increase in the value of Achmea’s fixed-income securities and interest-rate derivatives in its Dutch 
pension and life business, caused by fluctuations in the market interest rate, is not directly reflected in the 
results. All realised and unrealised investment results on fixed-income securities and interest-rate derivatives 
for own risk are set aside in a Fund for Future Appropriation (“FFA”). This fund is part of Achmea’s technical 
provisions to cover liabilities to its customers with pensions or life insurance policies. As a result of lower 
interest rates and tighter spreads, the FFA increased by €2.8 billion to €9.8 billion in 2019.
The value of Achmea’s own risk investment portfolio grew strongly to €50.8 billion (2018: €45.1 billion). 
This is largely due to the decreased interest rates and tightened spreads in 2019.
Capital Management
Achmea’s equity increased by €486 million to €10,191 million in 2019 (2018: €9,705 million). Of this 
amount, €481 million derives from the net result. The increase is also partly due to higher unrealised gains 
and losses on equities and bonds caused by the higher market prices and the impact of the lower interest rates. 
Furthermore, repayment of a perpetual bond worth €600 million and a restricted perpetual Tier 1 bond 
issuance worth €500 million took place in 2019. As both instruments qualify as equity, on balance these 
events led to a reduction in the amount of equity. In addition, dividend payments on ordinary and preference 
shares, and coupon payments on hybrid capital limited the increase in the amount of equity slightly.
6 Investment income consists of investment income (own risk) in the Consolidated Income Statement, including income from 
associates and joint ventures and realised and unrealised gains and losses, adjusted

--- Page 119 ---
119
TOTAL EQUITY MOVEMENT (€ MILLION)
Total equity as at 31-12-2018                                                                          
9,705
Net result
481
Movement revaluation reserve
344
Movement exchange difference reserve
-13
Remeasurement of net defined benefit liability
-18
Dividends and coupon payments to holders of equity instruments
-204
Issue, sale and purchase of equity instruments
-100
Other changes
-4
Total equity as at 31-12-2019
10,191
The annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 as well as the 
interim financial statements of the Issuer for the half year ended 30 June 2020 are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).
Capital and liquidity position
Achmea aims to be adequately capitalised at all times. This is necessary in order to be able to protect the 
interests of all stakeholders in the short and long term. In this respect it is necessary to at least comply with 
the capital requirements under Solvency II and to attain Achmea’s rating ambitions.
Developments in 2019 and 2020
Key developments for capital management in 2019 and 2020:

Achmea’s capital policy describes the capital and liquidity standards for the Group and the supervised 
entities. Within the Group, at least €1 billion in available liquidity, consisting of an unused committed 
revolving credit facility of €1 billion and a buffer at group level, excess capital above the limits of 
the supervised entities, is available to support the supervised entities if this becomes necessary.

Besides monitoring, the capital position under Solvency II Achmea also monitors the economic 
solvency.  

Achmea’s capital requirements are calculated via an approved partial internal model. Achmea uses 
an internal model for Non-Life and Health SLT from the start of Solvency II per 1 January 2016. In 
2018, also the internal model for market risk was approved by the College of Supervisors. It is used 
for prudential reporting as of 1 July 2018. An internal model more accurately reflects the risks that 
Achmea considers appropriate to its profile. In its Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) 
performed in 2019, Achmea has defined a set of stress scenarios. Based on the assumptions used, 
under all but one of these stress scenarios the Solvency II ratio is expected to remain above the 165% 
target level. The scenarios in which the Solvency II ratio is expected to fall just below the 165% 
target level concern a combination of both a financial crisis and a second scenario (catastrophe, 
deterioration of the market position, increase of health claims, large increase in life expectancy and 
an increase in the cost level of insurance) and a combination of a large increase in life expectancy 
and an increase of health claims.

Linked to the ORSA and the Recovery plan, Achmea has identified a set of recovery measures, which, 
if implemented, could (partly) mitigate the impact on the Solvency II ratio of Achmea specific, or 
market wide, stress events. For each measure, the benefits, conditions for implementation, possible 
disadvantages and time needed for implementation have been identified.

--- Page 120 ---
120
Solvency II
Achmea determines the Solvency position by means of a PIM. The scope of the internal model parts is: 

Non-Life Premium and Reserve Risk stemming from the Dutch Non-life insurance activities, 
excluding Achmea Reinsurance Company N.V., and Greek Non-life insurance activities; 

NSLT Health Premium and Reserve Risk stemming from the Dutch Non-Life insurance activities 
and Greek Non-Life insurance activities; 

Non-Life Natural Catastrophe Risk stemming from the Dutch insurance activities and Greek 
insurance activities (excluding external incoming reinsurance contracts); 

Health Risk SLT stemming from the Dutch Non-Life insurance activities; 

Market Risk (excluding the Foreign Currency Risk and Concentration Risk), for the Dutch insurance 
entities and Achmea B.V. (Group). 
The other risks are calculated using the Solvency II standard formula. The post-proposed dividend solvency 
ratio under Solvency II is 214% as at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: 198%). The Solvency II equity 
amounts to €9,535 million as at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2016: €8,925 million).
SOLVENCY RATIO (€ MILLION)
 
2019
2018
Δ
Eligible own funds Solvency II
9,317
8,925
392
Solvency Capital Requirement
4,352
4,497
-145
Surplus
4,965
4,428
537
Ratio (%)
214%7
198%
16%-pt
ELIGIBLE OWN FUNDS SOLVENCY II (€ MILLION)
31-12-2019
31-12-2018
Tier 1 restricted
784
1,040
Tier 1 unrestricted
6,565
6,030
Tier 2
1,580
1,347
Tier 3
388
508
Total eligible own funds Solvency II
9,317
8,925
Available headroom restricted tier 1
857
468
Available headroom tier 2
208
394
7 The solvency ratios reported here are after the deduction of dividends, but also after the payment of coupons on hybrid capital. In 
April 2020, Achmea followed the call from EIOPA and DNB to suspend dividend distributions. In July 2020, the Dutch Central 
Bank resumed assessing proposed dividend distributions. On 29 September 2020, Achmea decided to distribute capital following 
the results of 2019.

--- Page 121 ---
121
The restricted tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital is composed of four hybrid loans and preference shares (as 
per 31 December 2019).
TIERING OF CAPITAL UNDER SOLVENCY II (€ MILLION)
 
Tiering
Market value
Preference shares at 5.500% interest
Restricted tier 1
311
Perpetual at 4.625% interest
Restricted tier 1
473
Perpetual at 4.250% interest
Tier 2
790
Subordinated debt at 6.000% interest
Tier 2
551
Subordinated debt at 2.500% interest
Tier 2
240
As at 31 December 2019, the Solvency II ratio has increased by 16% to 214%8 (31 December 2018: 198%). 
The improved capital position is the result of a combination of a €392 million increase in the eligible own 
funds Solvency II to €9,317 million (2018: €8,925 million) and a €145 million decrease in the SCR to €4,352 
million (2018: €4,497 million). On 8 April 2020, Achmea followed the call from the European regulator 
EIOPA and DNB to suspend dividend distributions to shareholders until there is greater clarity regarding the 
impact of the coronavirus. The Solvency ratio excluding dividend distributions as at 31 December 2019 
amounts to 219%. In early July, the Dutch Central Bank decided to resume assessing proposed dividend 
distributions by insurance companies in the regular way. Following this, and prompted by the interim results, 
liquidity position and solvency ratio, Achmea decided on 29 September 2020 to distribute capital on 30 
September 2020.
Own funds
The increase in the equity is mainly the result of positive developments in equity and property markets.
Solvency Capital Requirement
The capital requirement has mainly decreased due to a decline in market risk and health risk. The decrease 
of market risk is mainly linked to lower credit spreads, lower volatility in equity markets and some changes 
and a recalibration in the internal model for market risk. The decrease in Health risk is linked to lower 
premium and reserve risk because of a lower number of insured and lower arrears in hospital billing. Life 
risk increased because of lower interest rates and a lower volatility adjustment (7bp instead of 24). Non-life 
risk increased because of lower ratings of Turkish reinsurers (regards the Turkish subsidiary) and indexation 
of property claims.
SOLVENCY CAPITAL REQUIREMENT (€ MILLION)
2019
2018
Market Risk
2,365
2,566
Counterparty Default Risk
273
261
Life Underwriting Risk
1,791
1,636
Health Underwriting Risk
1,773
1,832
Non-Life Underwriting Risk
892
823
Diversification
-2,542
-2,496
Intangible Asset Risk
0
0
8 The solvency ratios reported here are after the deduction of dividends, but also after the payment of coupons on hybrid capital.

--- Page 122 ---
122
Basic Solvency Capital Requirement
4,553
4,622
Operational Risk
599
596
Loss-Absorbing Capacity
-839
-787
Solvency Capital Requirement (Cons)
4,313
4,431
SCR Other Financial Sectors & Other Entities
39
66
Solvency Capital Requirement
4,352
4,497
RECONCILIATION BETWEEN EQUITY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
AND SOLVENCY II (ELIGIBLE OWN FUNDS (€ MILLION)
31-12-2019
31-12-2018
Equity Financial statements
10,191
9,705
Solvency II valuations and classification differences
775
706
Available own funds Solvency II
10,966
10,411
Not qualifying equity and foreseeable dividend
-729
-575
Equity in banking- and investment institutions (CRD IV)
-920
-911
Eligible own funds Solvency II
9,317
8,925
SOLVENCY II RATIO CORE LEGAL ENTITIES
31-12-2019
31-12-2018
Non-Life
148%
141%
Pension & Life
165%
178%
Health
158%
151%
Movement in solvency ratio
The solvency ratio has grown from 198% at year-end 2018 to 214% at year-end 2019. The table below 
shows the different factors influencing the movement of the ratio:
SOLVENCY RATIO DEVELOPMENT 
SCR as at 31-12-2018
198%
Market return and optimisation
+12%
Portfolio
+5%
Insurance risks
-1%
Other effects
+5%
2019 (before dividend, coupons, and share buy-back)
219%
Dividend, coupons, and share buy-back
-5%
SCR as at 31-12-2019
214%9
9 The solvency ratio reported here is after the deduction of dividends, but also after the payment of coupons on hybrid capital. In 
April 2020, Achmea followed the call from EIOPA and DNB to suspend dividend distributions. In July 2020, the Dutch Central

--- Page 123 ---
123
Generally, the effect of the adjustment of the UFR from 3.90% to 3.75% as from 1 January 2020 has a 
negative impact of 2 percentage points.
Minimum Capital Requirement
Achmea also has to assess whether the capital components are able to cover the Group Minimum Capital 
Requirements. The calculation of the Group MCR is determined by simply adding all the solo MCRs, which 
implies that the group MCR is calculated gross of intra group transactions. Compared to the SCR, Tier 3 
capital is not eligible to cover the MCR and Tier 2 capital components may not exceed 20% of the MCR. 
Any excess Tier 2 capital is not eligible to cover the MCR. In order to cover the MCR the restricted Tier 2 
was €1,105 million.
ELIGIBLE OWN FUNDS VERSUS MCR (€ MILLION)
31-12-2019
Tier 1 restricted
784
Tier 1 unrestricted
6,565
Tier 2
475
Tier 3
-
Eligible own funds to meet MCR
7,824
Minimum consolidated Group MCR
2,374
Minimum Capital Requirement ratio
330%
Litigation 
General
Achmea B.V. and companies forming part of Achmea are involved in lawsuits and arbitration proceedings. 
These legal proceedings relate to claims instituted by and against these companies arising from ordinary 
operations and mergers, including the activities carried out in their capacity as insurers, credit providers, 
service providers, employers, investors and/or tax payers. Although it is not possible to predict or define the 
outcome of pending or imminent legal proceedings, the Executive Board believes that, other than as set out 
below, it is unlikely that the outcome of the actions will have a material, negative impact on the financial 
position of Achmea B.V.
Tax Dispute
On 10 July 2020, the Supreme Court of the Netherlands ruled in a case between Achmea and the Tax and 
Customs Administration. In its judgement, the Supreme Court has reached the same conclusion as the Court 
of Justice did earlier.
The case concerned a dispute between Achmea and the Tax and Customs Administration on the fiscal 
treatment in the Netherlands of part of the proceeds from the sale of the equity stake in Polish insurer PZU 
for the years 2009 and 2010.
The dispute concerned the degree to which €1.2 billion was subject to tax. In Achmea’s opinion, this sum 
should be exempt from Dutch corporate income tax. The Court of Justice Arnhem-Leeuwarden had 
previously ruled in 2018 that some €248 million of the €1.2 billion was exempt from corporate income tax. 
Bank resumed assessing proposed dividend distributions. On 29 September 2020, Achmea decided to distribute capital following 
the results of 2019.

--- Page 124 ---
124
Achmea lodged an appeal in cassation against this judgment with the Supreme Court on 30 July 2018. The 
Supreme Court has reached the same conclusion as the Court of Justice Arnhem-Leeuwarden. Following the 
earlier judgment of the Court, Achmea formed a provision for the fiscal treatment and so its financial results 
are unaffected.
Unit-linked Products
Since 2006, an issue has arisen in the Netherlands regarding the costs of investment insurance policies 
(beleggingsverzekeringen), such as the life insurance policies with a Unit-Linked Alternative, commonly 
known as the “usury insurance policy affair” (woekerpolisaffaire). It is generally alleged that the costs of 
some of these products are disproportionally high, that in some cases a legal basis for such costs is lacking 
and that the information provided to the insured regarding these costs has not been transparent which is 
considered an alleged misselling issue. In 2012, Achmea implemented a compensation scheme for holders of 
unit-linked policies that had been agreed with consumer organisations. In addition, Achmea meets the 
supplementary measures formulated at the time by the Dutch Minister of Finance. However, the discussion 
related to these investment insurance policies is continuing, as was demonstrated by the summons for a 
collective claim that Achmea received in January 2019 from the association Vereniging Woekerpolis.nl (an 
association representing customers with unit-linked policies) and the Dutch Consumers’ Association. The 
District Court of Gelderland ruled in June 2020, and declared the vast majority of the complaints unfounded 
and rejected the corresponding claims. The Consumers' Association and the Vereniging Woekerpolis.nl have 
recently appealed against the ruling of the District Court, the next procedural step will be in the course of 
2021.
Conflict between the Slovak Government and Achmea B.V.
In contradiction of an agreement to encourage investments between the Slovak Republic and the Netherlands, 
the Slovak government has enforced a ban on the distribution of profit on Slovak health insurers, including 
Achmea's Slovak subsidiary Union Zdravotná Poist’ovna A.S., in the period between 2007 and August 2011. 
Achmea sought compensation for the incurred loss and statutory interest paid through an international 
arbitration tribunal. In December 2012 the arbitration tribunal decided in favour of Achmea. Under this 
decision the Slovak Government is required to compensate Achmea for damages incurred and the statutory 
interest paid. The compensation amounted to approximately €25 million. The Slovak Government has 
publicly stated that it will not pay the amounts awarded to Achmea and has submitted the arbitral award for 
annulment to a German Court. In this first court case, the annulment request of the Slovak Republic has been 
rejected. The Slovak Government has appealed against this judgment with the Bundes Gerichtshof in 
Karlsruhe. The Bundes Gerichtshof submitted some legal questions on the interpretation of EU-law to the 
European Court of Justice, which has answered these questions in March 2018. The Bundes Gerichtshof has 
delivered its judgment on 31 October 2018, thereby following the ruling of the Bundes Gerichtshof and 
overturning the arbitral award. Achmea has filed a constitutional complaint against this judgment in Germany 
and in parallel submitted a claim for damages in Slovakia. These proceedings are still pending. Because of 
the continuing statutory interest, Achmea's claim now amounts to approximately €30 million. In view of the 
above, Achmea does not consider the receivable amount to be sufficiently certain to recognise it as an asset.
Recent developments
Achmea acquires Slovak insurance company Poštová poisťovňa
On 11 December 2020, Achmea announced that it is expanding its presence in Slovakia by the acquisition of 
insurance company Poštová poisťovňa. The transaction is being carried out by Achmea’s Slovak subsidiary, 
Union and is expected to be completed in early 2021.
Willem van Duin to step down as Chairman of the Executive Board; Vice-Chair Bianca Tetteroo appointed 
as successor in April 2021

--- Page 125 ---
125
On 1 December 2020, Achmea announced that Willem van Duin will step down as Chairman of the Executive 
Board of Achmea in April 2021. It is intended that the current Vice-Chair, Bianca Tetteroo, is appointed as 
his successor. In addition, Chief Financial Officer, Michel Lamie, is to be appointed as Vice-Chairman of the 
Executive Board with effect from April 2021.
Achmea distributes capital to shareholders
On 29 September 2020, Achmea’s General Meeting approved the proposal to distribute capital to 
shareholders. On 11 September 2020, Achmea announced this intention further to the results over 2019. 
Given its healthy liquidity position and a robust solvency ratio of 204% at the end of June 2020, Achmea 
distributed on 30 September 2020 €169.3 million comprising: 

a payout of 5.5%, totalling €19.6 million, on the amount paid-up on preference shares;

a payout of €149.7 million on the ordinary shares.
Achmea takes the next step in the process of combining its mortgage activities
On 4 August 2020, Syntrus Achmea Real Estate & Finance announced its intention to set up a separate 
account in order to provide mortgages through the Centraal Beheer brand, in order to grow Achmea’s 
mortgage activities. This is another step forwards for Achmea in the previously announced process of 
combining its mortgage activities.
Achmea’s solvency remains robust after applying DNB’s amended guidelines for calculating group solvency 
by the end of 2020
On 13 July 2020, Achmea announced that its solvency remains robust after applying DNB’s amended 
guidelines for calculating group solvency (requiring inclusion of business units subject to banking regulation 
in insurance group’s solvency calculation). Implementation of the amended regulation in 2020 means a 
modest reduction of 6 percentage points in Achmea’s group solvency. Achmea’s solvency was 219%10 at the 
end of 2019 and remains robust and well above internal targets. 
Achmea successfully issues €750 million senior bond
On 18 May 2020, Achmea has successfully issued €750 million senior unsecured notes. The notes have a 
maturity of 7 years (maturity date: 26 May 2027) and will be used for the redemption of the 2.5% €750 
million senior unsecured notes maturing in November 2020.
Achmea follows call from EIOPA and DNB and suspends dividend distributions
On 8 April 2020, Achmea has decided to suspend dividend distributions to shareholders until there is greater 
clarity regarding the impact of COVID-19. By taking this action, the company follows the calls from the 
European regulator EIOPA and DNB. 
Achmea supervisory board member Roelof Joosten passed away
On 4 March 2020, The Supervisory Board and Executive Board of Achmea B.V. were deeply saddened to 
hear of the sudden passing of Roelof Joosten on Monday at the age of 62. Roelof Joosten had been a member 
of the Supervisory Board of Achmea since April 2019 and, as of September 2019, also a member of the 
supervisory boards of group companies Achmea Pensioen- en Levensverzekeringen N.V. and Achmea 
Schadeverzekeringen N.V. During his impressive career he had been CEO of FrieslandCampina, one of the 
world’s largest dairy co-operatives.
10 The solvency ratio reported here is before the deduction of dividends, but also before the payment of coupons on hybrid capital.

--- Page 126 ---
126
Selected Financial Information of Achmea
Achmea's publicly available audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2019 (set forth on pages 52 up to and including 181 of the annual report in the English language) are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See also “Incorporation by reference”.
Independent Auditors
The consolidated financial statements of Achmea for 2019 and 2018 have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. In accordance with Section 393 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil 
Code, PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. has given an unqualified audit opinion for each of these 
years.

--- Page 127 ---
127
TAXATION
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax 
considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may include an 
individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or 
the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or 
entity having an interest in the Notes or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information 
only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption and disposal of Notes.
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in 
each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have 
retroactive effect.
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(a)
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(b)
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other Dutch 
tax resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax; 
(c)
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person 
holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer arises 
if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutorily 
defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5% or more of the 
total issued capital of the Issuer or 5% or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the 
Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in 
the Issuer; 
(d)
persons to whom the Notes and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(e)
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent 
representative; and
(f)
individuals to whom Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities which 
are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands.  
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom.
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Notes.
Dutch Withholding Tax
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may – except in certain very specific cases as described 
below – be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein

--- Page 128 ---
128
provided that the Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Issuer within the meaning of article 10, 
paragraph 1, under d of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is  considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly 
updated Dutch Regulation on  low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent 
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest 
payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not 
considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats 
another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident 
in any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021).
Corporate and Individual Income Tax
Residents of the Netherlands
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, income derived from the 
Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands 
(at up to a maximum rate of 25%).
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or 
disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50%) under the 
Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if:
(a)
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an 
enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or
(b)
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b) above applies to the holder of the Notes, taxable income with regard 
to the Notes must be determined on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (sparen en 
beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised. This deemed return 
on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at 
the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory 
threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain 
qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. 
The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset in the individual's yield basis. The deemed 
return percentage to be applied to the yield basis increases progressively depending on the amount of the 
yield basis. The deemed return on savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 31%. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect of 
income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless:

--- Page 129 ---
129
(a)
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried 
on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to which 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) is, other than 
by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net 
worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the 
Notes are attributable.
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25%.
(b)
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the 
Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as income 
from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands which include activities with respect to the Notes 
that exceed regular, active portfolio management, or (3) is, other than by way of securities, entitled 
to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable.
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to individual 
income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50%. Income derived from a share in the 
profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be 
taxed on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under 
"Residents of the Netherlands").
Gift and Inheritance tax
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless:
(a)
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or
(b)
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time 
of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions.
Value Added Tax
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or 
in respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes.
Other Taxes and Duties
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary tax 
or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, 
issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.

--- Page 130 ---
130
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes  characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 131 ---
131
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Summary of Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and rested dealer agreement dated 26 
January 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that 
are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms.
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Notes in bearer form having a 
maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States. Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed 
that it will not offer, sell or deliver an Note within the United States except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 132 ---
132
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer;
(iii)
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or equivalent); 
or
(iv)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 133 ---
133
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the United Kingdom:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(iii)
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or equivalent); 
or
(iv)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision:

the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 

the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Financial Promotion
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 134 ---
134
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
The Netherlands
Zero coupon Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest does not become due and payable during their 
term but only at maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates 
Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) (the “SCA”) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, 
within, from or into the Netherlands through the intermediary of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which 
include registration requirements). However, no such intermediary services are required in respect of (i) the 
initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do 
not act in the conduct of a profession or business, and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are 
physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary 
trading or immediately thereafter.
Hong Kong
In relation to each Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that:
(i)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (which Notes are not a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) issued by the Issuer other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that 
Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” 
as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; 
and
(ii)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance.
Ireland
Each Dealer  has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not 
offer, sell, place or underwrite any Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect of any Notes, otherwise than 
in conformity with the provisions of: 
1.
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as amended); 
2.
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
3.
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it will 
conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or requirements, 
or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank;
4.
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank rules 
issued and / or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014; and

--- Page 135 ---
135
5.
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs); 
and (f) the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2015 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of or otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275, of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA.
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)), the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivative contracts (each term as defined in Section 2 (1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 136 ---
136
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may Notes be 
offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(2), or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.
SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, 
prior to making any offering of Notes, the Issuer shall make a determination in relation to each issue of Notes, 
and notify all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), whether the Notes are (i) either 
‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) or capital markets products 
other than ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (ii) either 
‘Excluded Investment Products’ or ‘Specified Investment Products’ (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).
Switzerland
The Notes being offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus do not represent units in collective investment 
schemes. Accordingly, they have not been registered with the FINMA as foreign collective investment 
schemes, and are not subject to the supervision of the FINMA. Investors cannot invoke the protection 
conferred under the Swiss legislation applicable to collective investment schemes.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offer prospectus, as that term is understood pursuant to 
articles 652a and 1156 of the Swiss Federal Code of Obligations. 
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered to the public in or from Switzerland. This Base Prospectus and 
any other marketing material may not be made available to the public in or from Switzerland.
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has applied for a listing of the Notes being offered pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other regulated securities market in Switzerland other than 
pursuant to a listing prospectus approved by the SIX Swiss Exchange, and. consequently the information 
presented in this Base Prospectus does not comply with the information standards set out in the relevant 
listing rules approved by the SIX Swiss Exchange in respect of a particular issue of Notes by the Issuer.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession 
or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor 
any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 137 ---
137
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1)
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. However, unlisted Notes may 
be issued as well pursuant to the Programme.
(2)
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Netherlands in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. The establishment and update of 
the Programme was authorised by resolution of the Executive Board of the Issuer passed on 20 April 
2020 and resolutions of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer passed on 23 April 2020.
(3)
Except as disclosed in risk factor "COVID-19 and emergence of new diseases" under "Risk Factors" 
in this Base Prospectus, the Dividend Suspension Press Release, the Q1 2020 Press Release and the 
H1 2020 Press Release incorporated by reference herein, there has been no significant change in the 
financial performance and financial position of the Issuer or of the Group since 30 June 2020 and no 
material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 
December 2019. 
(4)
Except as disclosed in “Litigation - Tax Dispute” on page 125, “Litigation - Unit-linked Products” 
beginning on page 125 and in “Litigation - Conflict between the Slovak Government and Achmea 
B.V.” on page 126 of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the previous twelve months which 
may have or has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer or the Group. 
(5)
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of 
the Internal Revenue Code”.
(6)
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(7)
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business 
which could result in any member of the Issuer's Group being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued.
(8)
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used.
(9)
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend 
to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
138
(10) 
For so long as the Programme remains valid, the following documents will be available for inspection 
from https://www.achmea.nl/en/investors/debt-information:
(i)
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer 
Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons, the Talons);
(ii)
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer;
(iii)
any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus;
(iv)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on (i) a regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated market to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access within the EEA or 
(ii) a specific segment of the London Stock Exchange’s main market to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation) have access within the UK, nor 
offered in (i) the EEA or (ii) in the UK in circumstances where a base prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as the case may be will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity); and
(v)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Prospectus.
(11) 
Copies of the latest annual report and consolidated accounts of the Issuer and the latest interim 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer may be obtained, and copies of the Agency Agreement will be 
available for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business 
hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding.
(12) 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018 and 31 
December 2019 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. (“PwC”), independent auditors with their address at 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, as stated in its report thereon 
appearing in such financial statements. PwC has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the 
inclusion of its report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. The 
auditor signing the auditor's report on behalf of PwC is a member of The Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). The reports of the 
auditor are included by reference. PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. has no material interest 
in the Issuer. Any financial data in this Base Prospectus not extracted from the audited accounts of 
the Issuer is based on internal records of the Issuer or external sources believed by the Issuer to be 
reliable, and is unaudited. 
(13)
At the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has only one class of preferences shares. In order for 
there to be different classes of preference shares with different rankings on a winding-up, the articles 
of association of the Issuer would need to be amended.
(14)
Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus except as 
specifically provided otherwise.
(15)
The Issuer has an issuer credit rating from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) BBB+ with 
a stable outlook. S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the United 
Kingdom, but it is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the

--- Page 139 ---
139
United Kingdom and (ii) is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). The Issuer ratings issued by S&P in accordance with the CRA Regulation before the 
end of the transition period and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may 
be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation until January 2022. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. There is no assurance that a rating will remain 
for any given period of time or that a rating will not be suspended, lowered or withdrawn by the 
relevant rating agency if, in its judgement, circumstances in the future so warrant.
(16)
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of 
the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 140 ---
140
Registered Office of the Issuer
Achmea B.V.
Handelsweg 2
3707 NH Zeist
The Netherlands
Arranger
NatWest Markets Plc
250 Bishopsgate
London EC2M 4AA
United Kingdom
Dealers
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
Amsterdam 1082 MD
The Netherlands
NatWest Markets Plc
250 Bishopsgate
London EC2M 4AA
United Kingdom
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Irish Listing Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Grand Canal Dock
Dublin 2
Ireland
Irish Paying Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2
Ireland
Auditors to the Issuer
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.
Thomas R Malthusstraat 5
1066 JR Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Legal Advisers
To the Issuer
Allen & Overy LLP
Apollolaan 15
1077 AB Amsterdam
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers
Simmons & Simmons LLP
Claude Debussylaan 247
1082 MC Amsterdam
The Netherlands