--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 6 MAY 2021 
 
 
ACS, ACTIVIDADES DE CONSTRUCCIÓN Y SERVICIOS, S.A. 
(Incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain) 
€1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central 
Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the requirements of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of the notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date and its approval relates only to the issue of Notes 
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus by ACS, 
Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. (the "Issuer" or "ACS") during the period of twelve months after 
the date hereof which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the "regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin") is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II").  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the notes (the "Notes") issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin.  
References in the Base Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated 
market or a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. This document may be used to list Notes on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin pursuant to the Programme. The Programme provides for Notes to be listed 
on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed €1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, subject to increase as provided herein). The Notes 
will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) 
and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in an EEA state in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms (as defined herein) which, with 
respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank. Copies of the Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin or offered in circumstances which require a prospectus to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation will be available free of charge, at the website of the Issuer

--- Page 2 ---
- ii- 
 
 
(www.grupoacs.com) and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes"). 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
"Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to 
update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"). S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"). 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below.  
Potential investors should note the risks described in summary form regarding certain Spanish tax implications 
and procedures in connection with an investment in the Notes (see "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Notes 
– Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation" and "Taxation – Taxation in Spain"). Noteholders must seek their 
own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes. 
Arranger 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BayernLB 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
Santander 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit 
 
 
6 May 2021

--- Page 3 ---
- iii- 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and declares that, 
having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or supplemented in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") 
as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to 
make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise stated, information contained in websites and third-party materials 
referred to in this Base Prospectus is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Unauthorised information 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus or any document incorporated herein by reference. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, and 
the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, and other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law

--- Page 4 ---
- iv- 
 
 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to U.S. persons.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, constitutes an 
offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be, should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €1,500,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S. $", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States 
dollars, references to "AUS$" are to Australian dollars and references to "€", "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of 
Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Language 
The language of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Prohibition of Sale to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sale to UK Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
- v- 
 
 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in 
relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) 
and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA 
but which is certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over 
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation 
to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]

--- Page 6 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 5 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 24 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 26 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 27 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 31 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 60 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 61 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 73 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 75 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 104 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 113 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 119

--- Page 7 ---
- 1- 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated by 
reference. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
Société Générale  
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Bayerische Landesbank, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank 
N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S-p.A., J.P. Morgan AG, Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Société 
Générale and UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent:  
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Listing Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch which is acting 
solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer (and not on its own 
behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market.  
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
as supplemented and/or amended in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking SA, 
Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. From time to 
time the Issuer may increase this amount. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount

--- Page 8 ---
- 2- 
 
 
of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical 
terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form 
(a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  
If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms.  
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer (unless 
they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 281 of the restated text 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 
1/2020, of 5 May (texto refundido de la Ley Concursal, aprobado por el 
Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo) or equivalent legal 
provision which replaces it in the future and subject to any legal and 
statutory exceptions) will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future. See Condition 4 (Status). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus. The price and amount of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of

--- Page 9 ---
- 3- 
 
 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Notes may also be redeemable in two or more instalments on such dates 
and in such manner as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if 
at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as 
further described in Conditions 8(c) (Par redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), 8(d) (Make-Whole redemption at the option of the Issuer) and 
8(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put)) 
respectively. In each case, the Notes will be redeemed at the Redemption 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
Residual Maturity Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed within the last three months (in the case of Notes 
with a maturity of not more than ten years) or within the last six months 
(in the case of Notes with a maturity of more than ten years) before their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (in whole but not in part) to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as further described in Condition 8(i) (Residual Maturity 
Call Option). 
Substantial Purchase Event 
Redemption: 
In addition, if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus so 
specifies, the Issuer shall have the option, in the event of a Substantial 
Purchase Event, to redeem or purchase the relevant Notes at par plus 
accrued interest, as further described in Condition 8(h) (Redemption 
following a Substantial Purchase Event). 
Redemption on Change of 
Control:  
In addition, if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus so 
specifies, Noteholders shall have the option, in the event of a Put Event, 
to require the Issuer to redeem or purchase the relevant Notes at par plus 
accrued interest, as further described in Condition 8(g) (Redemption or 
Purchase at the option of the Noteholders on a Put Event (Change of 
Control Put)). 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described above, early redemption will only be permitted for 
tax reasons as described in Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Redemption for tax reasons).   
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). No Notes may be issued 
under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency) in the case of Notes 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market as defined in Article 4, 
paragraph 1, point 21 of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended), or in so 
far as required by all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.

--- Page 10 ---
- 4- 
 
 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
Negative Pledge 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge provision as 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation) and as 
described below) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
Information requirements 
under Spanish Tax Law: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended 
by Royal Decree 1145/2011, income obtained in respect of the Notes 
will not be subject to withholding tax in Spain, provided that the Fiscal 
Agent provides the Issuer with certain information relating to the Notes, 
in a timely manner. See "Taxation – Taxation in Spain – Information 
about the Notes in Connection with Payments". 
 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required 
information described under "Taxation — Taxation in Spain — 
Information about the Notes in Connection with payments", the Issuer 
may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
at a rate of 19 per cent.) and may pay income to Noteholders in respect 
of the relevant Notes net of such applicable withholding tax. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Fiscal Agent, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg assumes any responsibility 
therefor. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law. Condition 4 
(Status) is governed by Spanish law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against the Issuer 
will be supported by a Deed of Covenant dated 9 May 2016, a copy of 
which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail 
Investors, the Kingdom of Spain, Japan, Italy, Ireland, Singapore and 
Switzerland, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 11 ---
- 5- 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
section. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. The Issuer believes that the factors described below 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, but the inability of the Issuer to pay any amounts due on or in connection with any 
Notes or the Deed of Covenant, may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should 
also read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own view prior to 
making any investment decision.  
Under the circumstances described below, potential investors may lose the value of their entire investment 
or part of it. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base 
Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of their financial, accounting, legal and tax 
advisers) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including the Issuer's business risks, 
legal and regulatory risks and economic and market risks, as well as risks relating to the structure of a 
particular issue of Notes, risks related to interest payments, other risks relating to Notes and risks related 
to the market generally. The Issuer's assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the 
probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. These factors are 
presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first under that 
category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability 
of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears 
only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should 
consider, amongst other things, the following: 
Risks Relating to the Issuer  
Risks Relating to the Issuer or its Industrial Sector

--- Page 12 ---
- 6- 
 
 
Negative impacts due to COVID-19 crisis 
The Group is exposed to risk relating to the impact of the coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic in a number 
of ways. The Group's operations are carried out in countries that have been, and are expected to continue 
to be, exposed to the COVID-19 pandemic, where governments have introduced containment and social 
distancing measures and, to a lesser extent, border closures to limit the spread of the virus.  In the short 
term, these circumstances produce negative impacts on revenues as a result of project delays.  Due to the 
lockdown policies, the Group faces a reduced demand for certain facility management services and a drop 
in the traffic of toll roads. Net profits are also affected as the Group may see its expenses increase to cope 
with new occupational health protocols. In the medium and long term, the high level of government 
indebtedness could have a negative impact on investment in public infrastructure all over the world. The 
trend toward practices of working remotely could also have a negative impact on demand for the 
construction of non-residential building and the associated facility management services. It is too early at 
this stage to assess precisely the economic impact of all the effects in the long term, but the probability of 
these effects occurring may be quite high. In addition, the materiality of the impact on the variables 
mentioned may be high to medium.  
During 2021, some organizational challenges and temporary supply shortages have delayed vaccination 
campaigns in many countries. In this context, the Group's business will likely continue being adversely 
affected by the pandemic. The extent of the COVID-19 impact will depend on the severity of new variants 
of the coronavirus and public health situation, the duration and future development of containment 
measures by governments and their effects on global macroeconomic conditions.   
Current state of the global economy 
The possibility of developing new business in the sectors in which the Group operates depends on the 
economic and financial capacity of its potential customers, which are in both the public and private sectors. 
A significant part of the Group's sales is related to construction of civil works. Consequently, a relevant 
proportion of customers are central and regional governments. From this perspective, the availability of 
governmental funds to undertake new infrastructure projects and to maintain existing ones is linked to their 
public budgets. Given that the health of public finances in turn depends significantly on the rate of Gross 
Domestic Product ("GDP") growth, the Group's activity is reliant on the state of the economies in which it 
operates. In the Euro-zone, the Council and the European Parliament reached consensus on the Multiannual 
Financial Framework, as well as on the Next Generation Program and a political agreement on the Recovery 
and Resilience Facility ("RRF") was reached. In the United States, the new Biden administration has 
managed to push through a large fiscal stimulus package in the amount of U.S.$1.9 trillion. In this context, 
it remains to be seen whether a sufficiently significant part of these programmes will go to infrastructure, 
and consequently whether the Group will be able to benefit in practice from the effects of these fiscal 
stimulus packages. Sales from the Industrial Services Unit are more concentrated in private sector clients 
and some public companies but the demand for the services provided by this Unit is also conditioned, 
particularly in the case of new investment, by general economic developments. 
The business performance of the Group is closely connected with the economic development of the 
countries and regions in which the Group carries out its activities. The business operations, as well as the 
financial condition and the results of operations of the Group, may be adversely affected if the global 
economic environment deteriorates, particularly in those zones where there is a greater concentration of the 
Group's business. The COVID-19 pandemic is inflicting high human costs worldwide, and the necessary 
protection measures are still severely impacting economic activity. The epidemiological situation varies 
widely both within and between regions. The breakthrough development of vaccines in the autumn of 2020 
and the start of mass vaccination campaigns in the beginning of 2021 had brightened the outlook beyond 
the near term.  However, the resurgence in infections together with the appearance of new, more contagious 
variants of the coronavirus, have forced many governments to reintroduce or tighten containment measures. 
As a result, the near-term outlook for the global economy looks weaker than previously expected.  
The risks and points raised in this section have been assessed and included on the basis of the following 
sources:  
• 
European Commission, "Winter 2021 (Interim) European Economic Forecast" "Institutional Paper 144 
| February 2021" which can be found at: https://ec.europa.eu/info/sites/info/files/economy-
finance/ip144_en_1.pdf

--- Page 13 ---
- 7- 
 
 
• 
IMF, International Monetary Fund "World Economic Outlook Update. January 2021" which can be 
found 
at: 
 
https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2021/01/26/2021-world-economic-
outlook-update and "World Economic Outlook: Managing Divergent Recoveries", which can be found 
at https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2021/03/23/world-economic-outlook-april-2021. 
OECD Economic Outlook, "Interim Report Strengthening the recovery: The need for speed" which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
 
https://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/docserver/34bfd999-
en.pdf?expires=1615466134&id=id&accname=guest&checksum=82F2DFEBBE109AB321ADF3B5
1BCE1252  
Following a severe contraction in the last year as a result of the pandemic, the global economy is expected 
to rebound in the years to come. The strength of the recovery is projected to vary significantly across 
countries, depending on access to medical interventions, effectiveness of policy support, exposure to cross-
country spillovers, and structural characteristics entering the crisis. With growing vaccine availability, 
improved therapies, testing, and tracing, local transmission of the virus is expected to be brought to low 
levels everywhere by the end of 2022. 
The vaccination process could lead to an easing of containment measures and therefore a stronger recovery, 
but projections are subject to significant uncertainty and elevated risks, predominately linked to the 
evolution of the pandemic and the success of vaccination campaigns. If the pandemic proves more persistent 
or turn out more severe in the near term, expectations of economic recovery could be disappointed. 
Specifically, vaccine rollout could suffer delays, widespread hesitancy could hamper vaccine take-up, 
vaccines could deliver shorter-lived immunity than anticipated, and advances on therapies could be limited. 
In addition, as the pandemic crisis begins to be controlled, new issues will appear as relevant factors and 
sources of economic uncertainty. For example, the duration and timing of the eventual withdrawal of 
supportive policy measures by governments and central banks of developed countries. Third, the extent of 
lasting damage inflicted by the pandemic. A delayed recovery increases the potential for permanent scars 
to the fabric of economies and societies, predominately through bankruptcies. Intensifying social unrest, 
including due to higher inequality and unequal access to vaccines and therapies, could further complicate 
the recovery. Moreover, if policy support is withdrawn before the recovery takes firm root, bankruptcies of 
viable but illiquid firms could mount, leading to further employment and income losses. 
The materiality of the Group's operational risk is essentially concentrated in a group of few developed 
countries: 83% of the Group's sales and 88% of its backlog are concentrated in 6 countries on 3 continents 
(Unites States, Australia, Spain, Canada, Germany and United Kingdom). With regard to the economic 
situation and expectations in these countries, the following should be noted: 
In the United States, which accounted for 45% of 2020 Group's sales and 39% of its backlog at 31 December 
2020, the initial wave of COVID-19 infections led to a historic contraction in economic activity as a result 
of both mandatory restrictions and voluntary changes in behaviour by households and businesses. The level 
of GDP fell a cumulative 2.5% over the four quarters of last year, according to the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System ("Monetary Policy Report, 19 February 2021"). Group sales decreased between 
2019 and 2020 by 7.0% in the United States. The incomplete economic recovery in the fourth quarter 
reflected weakness in services consumption and overall exports that resulted largely from ongoing social-
distancing measures to contain the virus, both domestically and abroad. The concentration of the recession 
in services is unprecedented in the United States. Whereas the sectors that are typically responsible for the 
cyclical dynamics of GDP have shown remarkable resilience, payroll employment in January 2021 was 
almost 10 million jobs below pre-pandemic levels, while the unemployment rate remained elevated at 6.3% 
and the labour force participation rate was severely depressed. U.S. exports remain well below pre-
pandemic levels. With many foreign economies still weak, U.S. exports of goods have not quite fully 
recovered from their earlier sharp declines, while exports of services remain depressed because of the 
continued suspension of most international travel. In contrast, imports have regained most of their lost 
ground. Reduced imports of services have been offset by a full rebound of goods imports, which reflects 
strong U.S. demand for household goods. Both the nominal trade deficit and current account deficit, relative 
to GDP, widened since 2019. While some financial vulnerabilities have increased since the start of the 
pandemic, the institutions at the core of the financial system remain resilient. The combination of the 
discretionary stimulus measures and the automatic stabilizers caused the budget deficit in the year 2020 to 
rise to 15% of nominal GDP—the largest deficit as a share of GDP in the post–World War II era—up from 
its already elevated level of 4.5% in 2019. Consequently, the ratio of federal debt held by the public to 
nominal GDP rose from 79%. in 2019 to 100% by the end of 2020, the highest debt-to-GDP ratio since

--- Page 14 ---
- 8- 
 
 
1947. Federal Reserve estimates a probability of about 70% that the current GDP would expand within a 
range of 2.2 to 3.8% in the current year. 
Regarding the economy of Australia, a market which accounted for 15% of 2020 Group's sales and 26% of 
its backlog at 31 December 2020, the GDP is expected to have contracted by 2% over 2020. Group sales 
decreased between 2019 and 2020 by 25.6% in Australia. Growth of around 3.5%is expected over each of 
2021 and 2022 as the recovery progresses according to Bank of Australia ("Statement on Monetary Policy 
– February 2021"). Firms' reported investment intentions across most industries are sharply lower than 
before the pandemic. While some businesses have been able to adapt their activities, those in a number of 
industries such as the arts, hospitality and tourism continue to be significantly affected by the disruptions 
induced by the pandemic. Mining investment declined by 5% in the third quarter but was moderately higher 
over the year. Over 900,000 Australians remain unemployed, around 220,000 more than at the onset of the 
pandemic. Employment is likewise yet to recover completely – especially full-time employment – and some 
workers are still on reduced hours. This shortfall is particularly evident in the industries that have been most 
affected by health-related restrictions on activity and travel. The unemployment rate is expected to continue 
declining, but will still be around 6% at the end of this year and 5.5% at the end of next year. Headline 
inflation has been volatile since the pandemic started. The COVID-19 pandemic has induced considerable 
shifts in the pattern of demand, most notably away from services, which have been most affected by activity 
restrictions, towards goods. The consolidated deficit of the Australian and state governments is expected to 
peak at just under 15% of GDP in 2020 and 2021. 
In Canada, which accounted for 5% of 2020 Group's sales and 4% of its backlog at 31 December 2020, 
after declining by 5.5% in 2020. Group sales increased between 2019 and 2020 by 1.3% in Canada. GDP 
is expected to grow by about 4% in 2021 and almost 5% in 2022, according to Bank of Canada ("Monetary 
Policy Report January 2021"). After a very weak economic performance during the first nine months of 
2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the economy had strong momentum in the last quarter of the 
year. However, the resurgence of the virus and the reintroduction of extensive lockdown measures 
restrained economic activity and imposed new hardships on households and businesses. The impact of the 
pandemic continues to be uneven across industries and the GDP growth in the first quarter of 2021 is 
expected to be negative. Unemployment in Canada remains elevated, particularly for workers in high-
contact service industries. These workers will once again be the hardest hit by the lockdown measures. 
With vaccines being rolled out earlier than anticipated, the recuperation in the Canadian economy is now 
more secure, and medium-term growth is forecasted to be stronger. Nevertheless, considerable economic 
slack remains in the economy, and a complete recovery will take some time. There is significant uncertainty 
around the medium-term outlook for GDP and the path for potential output. Thus, while the output gap is 
expected to close in 2023, the timing is particularly uncertain. Demand for housing has continued to show 
resilience, despite increasing case numbers and tightening restrictions. The level of housing activity should 
remain elevated into the start of 2021, supported by low borrowing rates and resilient disposable incomes. 
Business investment and exports are anticipated to expand in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first quarter 
of 2021, supported by domestic and global demand for goods. The fiscal policy is expected to continue to 
support the recovery. Federal and provincial measures introduced since early 2020—including direct 
spending, transfers and credit measures—amount to around 25% of the nominal GDP from the fourth 
quarter of 2019. Additional stimulus of between CAD70 billion and CAD100 billion over three years was 
announced in the federal Fall Economic Statement in 2020. 
In the Euro-zone, the European Central Bank's ("ECB") monetary policy has remained highly 
accommodative. In addition, the agreement reached between the European Commission and the United 
Kingdom on the terms of their future cooperation with the European Union seems to reduce the cost of the 
UK leaving the Single Market and Customs Union, compared to what was initially assumed. However the 
region will remain impacted by the uncertainty regarding trade policies. A declining trend in global 
manufacturing output translated into weaker global trade growth, given the geographical orientation of its 
external trade and its product specialisation. Specific European factors also contributed to the loss of growth 
momentum, including the evolution of car production, as well as social tensions and fiscal policy 
uncertainty in some Member States. In the absence of a clear process of de-stressing in relation to the tariff 
barriers between the United States and its trading partners, notably China, business sentiment may be 
further affected since the disputes have extended to technology, imperilling global supply chains. The 
rationale for protectionist acts has expanded to include national security or currency grounds. Prospects for 
a durable resolution to trade and technology tensions remain elusive, despite sporadic favourable news on 
ongoing negotiations. Further deterioration in economic relations between the United States and its trading 
partners (seen, for example, in frictions between the United States and the European Union), or in trade ties 
involving other countries, could undermine global economic growth.

--- Page 15 ---
- 9- 
 
 
In Spain, which accounted for 14% of 2020 Group's sales and 12% of its backlog at 31 December 2020, 
GDP growth rebounded strongly in the third quarter of 2020, after the unprecedented contraction in the first 
half of the year. As a result, GDP decreased by 11% in 2020 as a whole. Group sales decreased between 
2019 and 2020 by 8.8% in Spain. The near-term outlook for 2021 is clouded by the rise in infection rates 
in the first months of the year and the more restrictive measures put in place by most Spanish regions. As 
a result, private consumption and investment are expected to fall in the first quarter before recovering 
slightly in the second. As the vaccination process advances and restrictions are progressively lifted, 
economic activity should pick up strongly, driven by the materialisation of pent-up demand over the second 
half of 2021. A soft recovery in international tourism should result in exports growing faster than imports 
and a positive contribution to growth from net exports in 2021. Overall, GDP is forecasted to grow in a 
range between 3.5% and 6.4% in 2021, depending on the impacts arising from the EU Next Generation 
program.  In 2022, the tourism recovery is expected to gain momentum, with most impediments to activity 
fully lifted, while domestic demand growth will likely moderate once pent-up demand is reabsorbed. This 
would result in a still robust growth rate. A downside risk is that of a surge in corporate insolvencies, mainly 
concentrated in those sectors most affected by activity restrictions, materialising as policy support measures 
are wound down. This could lead to an increase in unemployment and result in reduced productive capacity. 
In addition, the economic decline caused by the pandemic will lead to a persistent increase in the 
vulnerability of the position of public finances in Spain. Moreover, financial fragmentation, structural 
rigidities, and unresolved fiscal challenges are likely to partially dampen the recovery. A fiscal policy 
characterized by the adoption of new taxes, the raising of tax rates and the accentuating of the 
progressiveness level of the tax system, could have a negative pro-cyclical impact on the supply of savings, 
the investment and the labour supply. These negative effects would be added to the supply shock that the 
Spanish economy is already suffering as a result of the COVID-19 effect.   
In Germany, which accounted for 3% of 2020 Group's sales and 5% of its backlog at 31 December 2020, 
after ten years of expansion, the GDP contracted in 2020 by 5% due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
measures taken to contain it. Group sales decreased between 2019 and 2020 by 27.2% in Germany. 
Manufacturing activity declined by 10.4%, mainly due to supply chain disruptions. Sanitary restrictions 
and health concerns led to a strong decline in non-food stationary retail, hospitality and other contact-
intensive services, and foreign travel. Overall, gross fixed capital formation also declined by 3.5% as the 
fall in private investment outweighed the continued strong growth in public investment. For the first time 
since 2009, exports and imports of goods and services decreased in 2020, by 9.9% and 8.6%, respectively. 
The extended regulations on short-time work helped prevent dismissals on a larger scale and employment 
decreased by just 1.1% in 2020. Wage growth came to a standstill (-0.4%) after 2.9% the year before. 
Nevertheless, the net saving rate of households rose from 10.9% to an unprecedented 16.3% as consumption 
declined strongly (6%) despite a slight increase in disposable income due to the employment and income 
support measures put in place. 
In the UK, which accounted for 1% of 2020 Group's sales and 2% of its backlog at 31 December 2020, the 
GDP contracted in 2020 by 9.9%. In 2021 restrictions have been tightened materially to help contain the 
spread of cases resulting from a new strain of COVID-19, and are much stricter than was assumed at the 
end of last year, according to Bank of England ("Monetary Policy Report February 2021"). As a result, 
UK's GDP is expected to fall in the first quarter of 2021, by around 4%. Accordingly, GDP in the first 
quarter would be about 12% below its 2019 fourth quarter level. GDP is forecasted to grow in 2021 by 5.3% 
according to IMF ("World Economic Outlook: Managing Divergent Recoveries"). Unemployment 
increased over the second half of 2020 as redundancies rose and hiring remained subdued. It is expected to 
continue rising over the first half of 2021. The vaccination programme means that COVID-19-related 
restrictions are expected to ease from the second quarter of 2021, and, over time, concerns around health 
and uncertainty about the outlook will fade. As a result, the GDP is expected to pick up strongly during 
2021. However, the uncertainty around how the pandemic might evolve – including the potential emergence 
of further new strains of the virus – and how government measures change in response, means that there 
are substantial risks around the extent of recovery. Different developments could have material effects on 
the paths of UK and global activity. As a result, the outlooks for the UK and global economies continue to 
be unusually uncertain. There is also a great deal of uncertainty about how households and companies 
continue to respond to the pandemic. In that regard, recent evidence suggests that the majority of households 
do not expect to increase their spending relative to pre-pandemic levels once restrictions are lifted. In 
addition, there is uncertainty around the extent to which the UK's withdrawal from the EU will lower trade 
and productivity growth in the years to come. The new trading arrangement between the UK and the EU 
entails higher barriers to trade. As a result, trade between the UK and EU is likely to be lower than it would 
have been, which in turn is expected to reduce investment, productivity and GDP.

--- Page 16 ---
- 10- 
 
 
Major central banks are assumed to maintain their current policy rate settings throughout the forecasted 
horizon to the end of 2022. As a result, financial conditions are expected to remain broadly at current levels 
for advanced economies. However, there is growing uncertainty regarding the possibility of an unexpected 
rebound in inflation. The improved prospects for a sustained global recovery have been reflected in rising 
expectations of future inflation, particularly in financial markets. Headline inflation has recently risen in 
many advanced economies, and remains high in some emerging-market economies, in part due to jumps in 
commodity prices and past currency depreciation. This risk could lead to the central banks to shorten the 
period of maintenance of expansionary monetary policies. Actions of this type could have a negative impact 
on the markets and on the ease and cost of financing companies. 
Finally, a number of medium-term problems that predate the crisis, such as the impact of an ageing 
population on the labour force and weak growth in total factor productivity, remain relevant as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. These problems contribute to low potential growth in advanced economies - which 
may be affecting the pace of recovery - and a decline in potential growth in emerging markets. 
Risks related to unexpected adjustments and cancellations of projects 
The Group's project portfolio is exposed to unexpected adjustments and cancellations.  The agreements 
entered into by the Group's companies to carry out their projects are usually entered into for periods of 
more than two years.  This increases the risk of early cancellation of these agreements.  Furthermore, in 
certain circumstances the Group's companies may not be entitled to compensation for early termination.  In 
addition, the scope of the agreed work as part of a project may change.  This may lead to an increase in 
costs in connection with the project as well as to reduced profits or to losses. 
In the Infrastructure Business Unit two projects were awarded in 2020 with an expected turnover of more 
than €1.0 billion, five additional projects were awarded last year with an expected turnover of more than 
€300 million, and nineteen additional projects with an expected turnover of more than €100 million were 
awarded last year. Moreover, in the Industrial Services Unit one project with an expected turnover of more 
than €300 million was awarded in 2020. Any cancellations of or changes in projects as well as changes in 
the corporate strategy of the clients of the Group may negatively affect its project portfolio, which may 
have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and the profit of the Group. 
Risks in Relation to the Construction Business Sub-Unit 
Risks in relation to public sector infrastructure projects and civil works 
Fiscal policy has been the first line of defense against the COVID-19 crisis as fiscal authorities have the 
most appropriate and powerful instruments to ensure the income of the agents. Indeed, fiscal responses in 
affected countries have been swift and sizable in many advanced economies where the Group operates. 
These fiscal policies, together with the impact of automatic stabilisers themselves, in a context of sharp 
deterioration in activity, is significantly raising the financing needs and debt ratios of the public sector in 
almost all countries. And this is happening in a situation where public debt on a global scale had already 
increased significantly following the global financial crisis. The overall high level of public debt and the 
need to reduce public deficits and implement fiscal consolidation policies in most of the developed 
countries in which the Group operates represents a risk with respect to future levels of orders that the 
construction division may receive. The recent massive use of public-private partnership ("PPP") schemes 
by numerous countries across five continents as a way of procuring public services and infrastructure assets 
has recently mitigated these risks. However, this circumstance could change in the future as a consequence 
of a modification in the political and social consideration of the recourse to PPP schemes. 
Should governments' budget allocations for infrastructure projects be further reduced, or not be increased, 
or should new decisions be made leading to a delay in, or cessation of, public infrastructure projects already 
awarded to the Group, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial condition and 
the results of operations of the Group. The Infrastructures Business Sub-Unit represents 73% of the Group's 
EBITDA and 83% of the Group's backlog (namely the number of agreed orders and contracts which have 
not yet been completed).   
The Group may be adversely affected by raw material and energy shortages or price fluctuations 
The Group is exposed to changes in the prices of its key raw materials (such as steel, cement and gravel) 
and energy (such as diesel and electricity), as well as prices for project-related services sourced from third

--- Page 17 ---
- 11- 
 
 
parties. The Group takes prices of raw materials, energy and project-related services into consideration in 
the bidding process and strives to pass on price fluctuations of input materials to the customer or strives to 
fix prices. The price risk associated with raw materials is usually not hedged by the Group and the Group 
may not be able to pass on increased raw material and energy costs to its customers or subcontractors. 
Therefore, increases in the prices of raw materials and other input materials and services typically have the 
greatest impact on the Group's sales and also, but to a lesser extent, on its results of operations. In particular, 
an increase in the oil price, after years of prices that have been well below the long-term average, could 
have an adverse effect on the Group's operating costs, particularly in relation to the Group's contract mining 
activities. 
Additionally, resource availability is a significant issue for procurement at ACS. The Group is faced with 
growing scarcity of basic materials such as gravel and sand. The shortage may result in supply bottlenecks, 
consequently delaying projects as well as increasing prices of available materials. 
The realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, cash 
flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks resulting from delays and cost increases in the construction industry 
Large construction projects carried out by the Group are exposed to specific risks, such as claims relating 
to building defects, or cost increases with regard to materials, machinery and labour, as well as factors 
generally influenced by the economic environment. Even though some agreements include price adjustment 
clauses, it is not always possible to eliminate or reduce these risks. 
Since the COVID-19 crisis poses a challenge to maintaining material supply chains (including raw materials 
like sand, concrete and some extractive materials) as well as sufficient physical presence of workers on 
construction sites, construction activity may be affected until the epidemic subsides. 
If sub-contractors of the Group fail to meet project deadlines or the agreed budget, this may lead to delays 
and additional costs in the construction which may then further lead not only to a delay in payment receipts 
but also to fines or a cancellation of the agreement by the Group's customers. Furthermore, the Group's 
reputation as a construction company could be damaged.  Such increases in costs, decreases in earnings and 
potential reputational damage to the Group could have a material adverse effect on the business, the 
financial condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Cyclicality of the residential construction industry 
In general, the construction industry is of a cyclical nature and depends on investments carried out by the 
public sector as well as the private sector.  
Investments in residential building are affected by a series of factors, such as demographic trends, which 
may be particularly negative in the coming years: they include the availability of financing for developers 
and the ability of homebuyers to meet mortgage costs. This capacity depends in turn on the wage level and 
the evolution of the employment rate. The outlook for the residential construction sector is not 
homogeneous by country and subject to economic conditions and some uncertainties. In those regions in 
which the Group is active there could be a worsening of demographic developments, labour market 
conditions, the evolution of the mortgage markets and the supply of bank credit. Furthermore, one of the 
impacts of the COVID-19 crisis has been the implementation processes for working remotely in many 
companies, which could significantly affect the demand for office space in the medium term. As a result, 
if this situation extends in time or further waves of COVID-19 pandemic are experienced, this trend could 
negatively impact on non-residential construction activity. 
Should an unfavourable environment for investment in global construction projects in the private sector be 
revealed as a result of weak demand resulting from the negative economic impact of the COVID-19 crisis, 
this would have a material adverse effect on the business operations, the financial condition and the results 
of operations of the Group.

--- Page 18 ---
- 12- 
 
 
Risks in Relation to the Concessions Business Sub-Unit 
Risks resulting from the need to review the portfolio of concessions 
The Group aims to renew its portfolio of concessions on an ongoing basis. At the end of year 2020 the 
Group (through Iridium) had a portfolio of 50 concessions, of which 88% were already in operation and 
12% were under construction. Among these projects, 39 were transport concessions, including highways, 
railways and transfer stations. In addition, Iridium had invested in eleven concession projects including 
hospitals, police stations, prisons and parkings. Should the Group not be awarded new concessions with 
which to replace the concessions previously sold, or concessions remaining in the portfolio which will 
expire or will terminate or be withdrawn, income from the sales as well as the income from the operation 
of concessions could decline. This could have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial 
condition and the results of operations of the Group.  
Risks related to revenues from the operation of concessions 
The ordinary income realised by the Group from the operation of infrastructure concessions depends in part 
on the fee revenue from the relevant concession.  Any option to increase such revenue above the agreed 
amount may be restricted or limited and the fees may be reduced by the relevant public authority during 
the term of the concession. The income from the operation of infrastructure concessions carried out by the 
Group may depend on the number of users of the infrastructure underlying the concession – in addition to 
the fee rates – which in turn depends on demand. In the context of reduced traffic, as a result of weak 
demand caused by an economic recession, revenues from concessions will be lower than initially expected. 
If the number of users of the infrastructure operated by the Group or its availability for use, respectively, is 
lower than the number of users or the availability for use initially provided for in the economic plans and 
financial budgets, or if the fees initially used as a basis in the economic plans and financial budgets are 
reduced, this could have material adverse effects on the business, the financial condition and the results of 
operations of the Group. 
The Group operates in a regulated industry and, in particular, environmental laws could increase the 
Group's costs 
The Group must comply with applicable environmental regulations established by local, regional, national 
and EU bodies which regulate the Group's activities. The technical requirements imposed by environmental 
regulations are gradually becoming more costly, complex and stringent. These laws may impose strict 
liability in the event of damage to natural resources or threats to public safety and health. Strict liability 
may mean that the Group is held liable for environmental damage regardless of whether it has acted 
negligently, or that it owes fines whether or not damage exists or is proven. The relevant authorities may 
impose fines or sanctions or may revoke and refuse to grant authorisations and permits because of a breach 
by the Group of applicable regulations. 
The entry into force of new laws, the imposition of new or more stringent requirements or a stricter 
application of existing regulations may increase the Group's costs or impose new responsibilities, leading 
to lower earnings and liquidity available for its activities. Breaching any of these regulations could result 
in reputational damage, which, in addition to the impact of any regulatory changes, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
During their initial years of operation, the Group's concessions may generate little or no cash 
During the initial years of a concession, the costs of financing often consume a large proportion of a 
concession's available cash flows, leaving little or no cash available for distribution. Furthermore, it is 
possible that the Group's cash flow projections for a concession will not be met, and that the concession 
may therefore take longer than expected to generate a profit or may never do so. Such a shortfall of cash 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Risks in the Services Business Unit 
Risk of a reversal in the outsourcing trend that could reduce the customer base 
The Group's activities in the Services Business Unit depend, to a large extent, on the continuation of the 
current trends in the public and private sectors to outsource services that are not the focus or core of the

--- Page 19 ---
- 13- 
 
 
relevant entity's activity or business.  Should this tendency decline or reverse, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the business and the results of operations of the Group. Given that, in 2020, 92% of this 
Business Unit's activity was concentrated in Spain, a greater stress on Spanish public finances, associated 
with fiscal policies adopted to react to the COVID-19 crisis, could have a negative impact on the demand 
for the services offered by this Unit. 
In addition, the worker containment measures resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic may in the medium 
term lead to an increase in processes for working remotely in many companies. As a result, the activity of 
facility management for office buildings could be negatively affected, this activity being one of the sources 
of revenue of the Services Business Unit. 
Limited term of the concessions and service agreements 
A large part of the income of the Services Business Unit is generated through concessions regarding the 
provision of services as well as service agreements entered into with private companies and public 
authorities.  At the end of the year 2020, the backlog (namely the number of agreed orders and contracts 
which have not yet been completed) for both types of services was 21 months. Once a concession expires, 
the Group must participate in another tender procedure in order to renew the relevant concession.  Similarly, 
the Group frequently competes with other companies to renew private agreements after their expiry.  
Furthermore, concessions and agreements with private entities are subject to numerous conditions and 
obligations, with the failure to fulfil such conditions or obligations potentially leading to a termination of 
the concessions or cancellation of the agreements. 
Regarding concessions for public services, the public authorities in specific countries are entitled to 
unilaterally amend or cancel concession agreements. Please see "- Risk of termination or early withdrawal 
of the concessions by public authorities" above for more information on the risk of a termination or early 
withdrawal of concessions. 
Should the Group be unable to maintain or renew the concessions and the service agreements it currently 
has been awarded, or should the Group not be awarded new concessions or service agreements, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial condition and the results of operations of the 
Group. 
Risks in the Industrial Services Business Unit 
Risks relating to the awarding of new projects 
A significant part of the income of the Group in the industrial services business unit is generated directly 
or indirectly through turnkey projects (namely, projects developed from inception to delivery). These 
projects have increasingly become technologically complex. Typically, the contract for the entire project is 
awarded to a general contractor in a tendering competition, considering not only the price but also the 
quality of the service, technological capacity, efficiency and personnel, as well as reputation and experience. 
Currently, the Group is managing more than 58 projects worldwide.  
Should the price competition intensify and fewer business opportunities considered by the Group as 
profitable arise, there could be fewer orders available to the Group.  Should the Group be unable to enter 
into new project agreements, or to do so profitably, this could have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Risks related to the estimate of construction costs and deadlines for completion 
In part, the Group offers its services in the industrial services business unit at fixed prices or as a lump-sum 
offer, amongst other things, in connection with engineering, procurement and construction ("EPC") 
agreements. In 2020 this activity accounted 35% of Industrial Services Division sales. In these kinds of 
agreements, additional costs, incurred as a consequence of inaccurate cost estimates or as a consequence of 
exceeding the budgeted costs during the implementation of the project (for example, due to fluctuations in 
the price of raw materials, changes in the execution calendar, or design or procurement deficiencies), may 
lead to the project being less profitable than expected or to losses arising to the Group. 
Some of the circumstances described above are beyond the Group's control and may lead to its inability to 
complete the project at the budgeted costs or according to schedule (which may, in turn, lead to the

--- Page 20 ---
- 14- 
 
 
imposition of an agreed contractual penalty).  This could have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Risks Related to the Overall Business of the Group 
Risks due to legal claims 
Claims may be asserted against the Group based on accidents occurring or mistakes made during the 
implementation of construction works and projects, the operation of concessions by the Group or during 
the provision of services. Such claims may relate to injuries or deaths of human beings, damage to facilities 
and accessories or environmental damage. They may be based on alleged acts or omissions of the Group 
and/or of its sub-contractors. 
Additionally, the Group is required to provide commercial guarantees to clients in respect of the proper 
functioning of construction works carried out by it. A failure of any such works to perform as specified 
could result in claims being made against the Group under the relevant guarantee(s). Any such claim could 
materially adversely affect the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Group, and could 
furthermore have a materially adverse effect on the Group's reputation. 
The Group typically takes out insurance policies and tries to stipulate limits on liability in the contracts to 
which it is a party, with a view in each case to mitigate the risk of a claim under any such guarantee.  
However, the insurance taken out by the Group and contractual liability limits may not provide sufficient 
coverage to the Group with regard to the consequences of the circumstances described above and the 
corresponding liability claims.  Furthermore, indemnifications granted to the Group by sub-contractors may 
be ineffective to the extent that the relevant sub-contractors do not have sufficient insurance coverage of 
their own, or the necessary resources to satisfy the claims made against them by the Group.  On the other 
hand, the Group may decide that no insurance covering the above risks will be taken out, or may not be 
able to take out the insurance on a reasonable basis or ensure that each agreement will include appropriate 
indemnifications.  Even if any insurance coverage exists, the liability claims could exceed the amount 
insured or lead to an increase in insurance premiums.   
All of the above could have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial condition or the results 
of operations of the Group. For more information see section "Description of the Issuer - Litigation". 
Additionally, should an outcome of the proceedings described in this Base Prospectus prove unfavourable 
to the interests of the Group, this could have an adverse effect on the financial condition and the results of 
the Issuer. 
Risks in Relation to Derivative Transactions  
The Group has entered into derivative transactions, including transactions on interest rate, currency and 
equity. The notional volume of outstanding derivatives at 31 December 2020 in the group amounted to 
€3,784 million, with €1,769 million corresponding to interest rate swaps (IRS), €872 million to forex 
derivatives and €1,143 million to other derivative instruments. Derivative markets are in the process of 
being reformed. In Europe, this reform has led to the adoption of Regulation 648/2012, known as the 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation ("EMIR"). EMIR introduces new requirements to improve 
transparency and reduce risks associated with the derivatives market. EMIR came into force on 16 August 
2012, although the main requirements are being progressively implemented from 2013 to 2018. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EMIR requires, inter alia, all EU derivatives market participants who enter 
into any form of derivative transaction, including (amongst others) derivative transactions on interest rate, 
currency and equity, to report all derivative transactions to a trade repository and implement new risk-
mitigation techniques (including timely confirmation of transactions, portfolio reconciliation, dispute 
resolution and daily valuation). EMIR also requires, with respect to certain entities, the clearing through a 
central counterparty of over-the-counter derivatives that are subject to a mandatory clearing obligation, and 
the exchange of collateral for all non-cleared over-the-counter derivative transactions. 
Compliance with the requirements imposed by EMIR which apply to the Group and with the requirements 
arising from any other derivatives regulations to which it could be subject could be burdensome, giving rise 
to additional expenses that may have an impact on the Group's financial condition. Additionally, such 
regulations could increase the cost of conducting hedging activities. Non-compliance with such 
requirements applicable under EMIR or under any other derivatives regulations to which the Group could 
be subject could constitute an offence under the Spanish Securities Markets Act which could result in the 
imposition of fines by the relevant supervisory authority.

--- Page 21 ---
- 15- 
 
 
Additionally, although the corporate management of the Group establishes counterparty selection criteria 
based on the quality of credit of the financial institutions, which translates into a portfolio of entities of high 
quality and solvency, the Group is exposed to the risk of breach by its counterparties in transactions 
involving financial derivatives. 
Risk of competition 
All of the Group's business units operate in highly-competitive sectors which require considerable use of 
human, material, technical and financial resources. The companies competing with the various subsidiaries 
and business units of the Group may have greater technical and financial resources available than those 
available to the Group or may be more experienced or have better knowledge of the markets in which the 
Group operates or in which it intends to expand. Other companies may also be willing to accept lower 
margins and would therefore be able to submit a technologically better offer at the same price or a similar 
offer at a lower price than the Group. 
For these reasons, it could become more difficult for the Group to be awarded new projects, concessions 
and agreements. Likewise, the Group could find itself compelled to accept construction and other projects, 
concessions, and agreements, or providing services at lower margins than in the past.  This could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Legal risks related to licensing and approvals 
In order to be able to carry out specific projects, the Group may have to obtain approvals, licences, 
certificates and other permits from the competent authorities in specific project phases.  There can be no 
assurances that the Group will be able to obtain the relevant approvals at all, or on a timely basis, or that it 
will be able to fulfil the requirements for such approvals in all cases.  This could lead to delays, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial condition and the results of operations of the 
Group. 
The Group could be adversely affected by violations of anti-bribery and corruption laws 
Over the years an increasing number of anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations have been 
approved worldwide and now apply in a significant number of countries and territories where the Group 
conducts its business. These laws and regulations are amended from time to time and their scope and reach 
may change. Such anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their 
intermediaries from granting financial or other advantages to officials or others for the purpose of obtaining 
or retaining business. The Group operates in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental 
corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-bribery and corruption laws 
may conflict with local customs and practices. In addition, some of the jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates or may operate in the future lack a developed legal system, or may have failed to implement and 
enforce such laws and regulations, and consequently may have high levels of corruption. In this scenario, 
the Group's continued international expansion and development of joint venture relationships with local 
contractors and local agents increases the Group's risk of being exposed to violations of such anti-bribery 
and corruption regulations by its local partners or agents. 
If the Group, its employees, agents, partners, subcontractors or suppliers breach any such laws, the Group 
could suffer, in addition to reputational damage, from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, 
including fines; denial of export privileges; injunctions; asset seizures; debarment from government 
contracts; termination of existing contracts; revocations or restrictions of licenses; criminal fines; or 
imprisonment of key personnel, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks due to tax disputes  
There are at least two sources of tax risks. On the one hand, there is risk arising from changes in tax 
legislations that could not be foreseen at the time when investment decisions where adopted. This could 
affect the achievement of the investment return objectives if the tax factor was relevant. Moreover, changes 
in tax laws could jeopardise the effective use of tax credits, generating a deviation in the cash flow for the 
payment of taxes.  On the other hand, the Issuer is established in Spain, but the Group also operates in 104 
tax jurisdictions through a number of subsidiaries and affiliates which must operate in compliance with the 
applicable tax regulations in their jurisdictions. In this regard, although the corporate tax policy of ACS

--- Page 22 ---
- 16- 
 
 
determines that a prudent tax practice must be followed, the interpretation of the tax laws in different tax 
jurisdictions could trigger material tax disputes or legal proceedings, such that claims could materially 
adversely affect the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Group. 
The Group requires an amount of cash to service its debt, and its ability to generate sufficient cash 
depends on many factors beyond its control. 
At 31 December 2020, gross debt maturities up to 31 December 2022 amounted to €4,192 million. This 
figure includes credits and bilaterals, leasing, bonds and debt obligations, project finance, accrued interest, 
intra-group debt and other banking debt. The Group's ability to make payments on its debt and to fund 
working capital, capital expenditure and research and development will depend on its future operating 
performance and ability to generate sufficient cash. This depends, to some extent, on general economic, 
financial, competitiveness, market, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond the 
Group's control, as well as the other factors discussed in these "Risk Factors". 
In addition, the Group faces a refinancing risk. As a result of the application of new international financial 
regulations ("Basel III"), and in order to recover investor confidence, major banks are immersed in a 
process to strengthen their balance sheets by means of reducing assets and increasing capital, a process 
known as deleveraging. 
Basel III's rules respond to the need to strengthen regulation, supervision and management of risks in the 
banking sector and constitute a set of measures meant to improve the banking sector's ability to absorb 
shocks deriving from economic and financial stress, so as to improve the risk management and governance 
of financial institutions.  However, in the event that financial tensions and synchronised deleveraging arise 
on a large scale with relation to international banks, this could lead to a global credit crunch which would 
affect the liquidity of governments, businesses and families, undermining economic growth and global 
recovery. 
Dependence on bank credit is greater for European companies than that of North American companies and 
consequently they seem more exposed to such a contingency. Specifically, in the Group, a process of this 
nature would require the implementation of a procedure for substituting financing sources, given that, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the majority of its total gross debt corresponds to bank credit. The Group, 
which is using not only ECP instruments but also NEU CP instruments in its financial strategy, is exposed 
to risk as a result of a potential global credit crunch, which could cause economic or financial loss to the 
Group. 
The Group's default on interest due or debt repayment could result in a cross-acceleration or cross-default 
in payment obligations under its other financing agreements and outstanding debt instruments. A default, 
as well as any resulting cross-default, could result in a number of adverse consequences including 
significant increases in interest rates as well as other financing costs. In addition, a default may entitle the 
respective counterparty to accelerate the Group's payment obligations and make all payments immediately 
due and payable or, in case of the general counter indemnity, entitle the relevant sureties to require 
additional collateral. If any of these events occur, ACS may be unable to obtain alternative debt or equity 
financing to refinance their debt obligations on acceptable terms, or at all. Should any of these risks 
materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business prospects, results of operations 
and financial condition. Furthermore, the sureties are entitled to refuse the issue of bonds at any time and 
for any reason. 
In addition, certain subsidiaries of the Group may require external financing and/or refinancing of existing 
external financing. They may be restricted from paying dividends or making other distributions to ACS in 
certain jurisdictions within which some subsidiaries operate. Should such financing and/or refinancing not 
be available or not be available at favourable commercial terms, significant monetary contributions (such 
as equity injections or shareholder loans) by the Group to such subsidiaries and shareholdings or any other 
form of assistance by the Group in connection with such financing and/or refinancing may be required. 
Furthermore, ACS may face additional risk that in order to refinance its debt, it could be required to agree 
to more onerous covenants, which would further restrict its business operations. 
Risks arising from supplier agreements and the sub-contracting of services 
In carrying out construction works and projects, operating concessions, and the services it offers, the Group 
relies on external manufacturers of equipment and sub-contractors.  In the event that it is impossible for the

--- Page 23 ---
- 17- 
 
 
Group to sub-contract specific services or to acquire equipment and materials complying with the relevant 
plans, quality standards, specifications and cost objectives, this may affect the scheduled commissioning of 
concessions or a satisfactory provision of services to clients.  Therefore, there is a risk of contractual 
penalties, cancellations of agreements and liability claims, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the financial condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Risks related to the Group's presence in emerging markets 
In 2020, 12.1% of sales were generated in emerging markets: in Latin America (including Mexico), 7.6%; 
in Africa, 1.2%; and in Asia ex-Japan and Hong Kong 3.3%. These emerging markets are exposed to 
political and legal risks which are present to a greater degree than in Europe, North America (excluding 
Mexico) and Australia. These risks include the risk of nationalisation and expropriation of private assets, 
political and social instability, frequent changes in the general legal conditions and government policy as 
well as changes in tax policy and price control. These markets also face a higher risk of macro-economic 
instability and volatility than the markets in the industrialised nations, which may lead to restrictions in 
foreign currency transactions, in repatriating profits and importing investment goods. These risks could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial condition and the results of operations of the 
Group. 
The Group's operations are subject to extensive regulation, including environmental, health and safety 
and other regulations, as well as the need to manage relationships with NGOs, local communities, and 
others 
As part of its normal course of operation and development activities, the Group has expended significant 
resources, both financial and managerial, to comply with governmental and environmental regulations 
including permitting requirements and will continue to do so in the future. However, it is possible that 
future regulatory developments, such as increasingly strict environmental protection laws, regulations and 
enforcement policies, and claims for damages to property and persons resulting from the Group's operations, 
could result in additional substantial costs and liabilities, restrictions on or suspension of its activities and 
delays in the exploration and development of its properties. 
The Group operates in different businesses and jurisdictions with increasing environmental law and 
regulation requirements, which have in turn become increasingly complex and strict. The applicable 
regulations may provide for liability regardless of fault for any damage caused to natural resources or for a 
mere threat to public health and safety without having caused any actual environmental damage. Such 
liability, regardless of fault, may lead to liability for environmental damage irrespective of whether it was 
caused negligently or whether several persons are jointly responsible for the damage.  Irrespective of who 
is personally liable under civil law or, if applicable, criminal law, entities of the Group may also be 
considered liable. 
Failure to comply with applicable environmental, health and safety laws can result in injunctions, damages, 
suspension or revocation of permits and imposition of penalties. There can be no assurance that the Issuer 
has been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws or permits, that its compliance will 
not be challenged or that the costs of complying with environmental and health and safety laws and permits, 
current and future, will not materially or adversely affect the Group's future cash flow, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
A stricter application of the environmental laws or regulations, the entry into force of new laws, the 
discovery of currently unknown environmental contamination or the introduction of new or stricter 
requirements for obtaining licences and approvals could have a material adverse effect on the business, the 
financial condition or the results of operations of the Group. 
As a consequence of public concern about the perceived ill effects of infrastructure development, 
particularly in developing countries, the Group's operations face increasing public scrutiny. The 
international standards on social responsibility, community relations and sustainability, against which the 
Group benchmarks its operations, are becoming increasingly stringent and extensive over time: adherence 
to them is increasingly scrutinized by regulatory authorities, citizens' groups and environmental groups, as 
well as by investors and financial institutions. In addition, the Group operates in several countries where 
ownership of rights in respect of land and resources is uncertain and where disputes in relation to ownership 
or other community matters may arise.

--- Page 24 ---
- 18- 
 
 
These disputes are not always predictable and may cause disruption to the Group's operations or 
development plans. The Group's operations can also have an impact on local communities, including the 
need, from time to time, to relocate or resettle communities or infrastructure networks such as railways and 
utility services. Failure to manage relationships with local communities, governments and non-
governmental organisations ("NGOs") may harm the Group's reputation as well as its ability to bring 
development projects into production. For example, in Guatemala, the Group has faced criticism and legal 
challenges from various NGOs and environmental groups in connection with the impact of the diversion of 
certain sections of the Cahabón river on indigenous peoples during the various phases of construction of 
the Renacer hydroelectric project.   
In addition, the costs and management time required to comply with standards of social responsibility, 
community relations and sustainability, including costs related to resettlement of communities or 
infrastructure, have recently increased substantially and are expected to further increase over time.  
Adverse publicity generated by criticism from NGOs, trade unions or others related to development projects 
generally, or the Group's operations specifically, could have an adverse effect on the Group's reputation 
and financial condition and may impact the relationship with the communities in which the Group operates. 
Such groups may install road blockades, apply for injunctions for work stoppage, make criminal complaints 
to local authorities, or file lawsuits for damages.  Such complaints, regardless of whether they have any 
substance or basis in fact or law, may have the effect of undermining the confidence of the public or a 
regulator in the Group and may adversely affect the price of the Notes, the Group's ability to raise capital, 
or the Group's prospects of obtaining the regulatory approvals necessary for advancement of some or all of 
its development plans or operations. 
Risks related to technological changes 
The technologies used in the different sectors in which the Group operates are subject to fast and continued 
development. Increasingly complex technological solutions, which are continuously evolving, are used in 
these sectors. Should the Group be unable to react appropriately to the current and future technological 
developments in the sectors in which it carries out its activities, this could have material adverse effects on 
the business, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Risks related to the cancellation of projects and termination or early withdrawal of concessions by public 
authorities 
The Group performs its concessional activities worldwide through projects such as, for example: highway 
transport concessions; bus and train transfer stations; bridges; tunnels; energy concessions and storage 
projects; hospitals and other public-private partnerships; and contract mining. The conduct of those 
concessional activities by the Group, including their commercial operation, depends on public authorities' 
decisions and authorisations. The public authorities in those countries in which the Group has been awarded 
concessions may unilaterally cancel, suspend, terminate or withdraw such concessions on the grounds of 
public interest, the existence of material changes in economic conditions, or environmental concerns. 
The Group generally aims to carry out its activities in industrialised countries in which this risk is typically 
lower. However, there can be no assurances that the public authorities in those jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates will not make decisions that adversely affect the business of the Group by not authorising 
the exploitation of a particular project for any reason or by adversely changing the legislative and/or 
regulatory framework in which the Group operates. 
If a public authority cancels a project of the Group prior to or after the start-up of its exploitation, or if it 
terminates or provisionally or definitively withdraws a concession awarded to the Group, the Group may 
have a claim for compensation against that public authority.  However, such compensation ultimately 
awarded to the Group may be insufficient, and, should this be the case, it would have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Risks Related to Shareholdings of the Group 
Risks related to sectors, geographical markets, indebtedness and litigation 
Material amendments to the legal provisions applicable to the operating sectors of companies in which the 
Group holds shares and to the operating risks of these companies, as well as the specific risks related to the

--- Page 25 ---
- 19- 
 
 
countries and regions in which they operate, could affect their market value and have a material adverse 
effect on the future financial condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Any failure to fulfil payment obligations by the companies in which the Issuer holds shares, an increase of 
the borrowing costs of these companies as a consequence of higher liabilities or material fluctuations in 
interest rates, or clear cost increases as a consequence of any litigation in connection with the operation of 
their business activities, as well as corporate actions, could have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition and the results of operations and the distribution of dividends of these companies.  This could 
also have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and the results of operations and the 
profitability of the Group. 
As an example, ACS the Group holds a 30%, stake in Abertis Holdco, S.A., which holds 98.7 % of Abertis, 
S.A ("Abertis"), while its subsidiary Hochtief holds a 20% stake minus one share in Abertis Holdco, S.A. 
A significant deviation in Abertis' profitability levels could lead to a lower amount of dividends received 
by the Group, whereby Abertis' dividends become a non-negligible share of the Group's cash-flow.  
For more information see "Description of the Issuer – Shareholding in Abertis". 
Strategy of growth by acquisitions 
The acquisition of companies with a strong presence in strategically important markets for the Group as 
well as the acquisition of shareholdings in listed companies, which operate in equally strategically 
important sectors for the Group, have been a decisive factor in the Group's growth strategy. 
In the case of an economic slowdown, the opportunities for growth through acquisitions depend essentially 
on whether the Group is able to recognise strategic investment opportunities and whether it has its own 
funds and the external funds required to carry out an intended investment, in particular considering the 
currently restrained lending environment in the jurisdictions in which the Group is active.  If this were not 
the case, this could have material adverse effects on the business, the financial condition and the results of 
operations of the Group. 
The Group is exposed to cybersecurity risks 
The Group may be affected by threats and vulnerabilities in connection with information, control systems, 
or information and communications systems used by the Group, or by any consequences of unauthorised 
access to or the use, disclosure, degradation, interruption, modification or destruction of information or 
information systems, including the consequences of acts of terrorism. Any material uninsured losses and 
reputational damage caused by any cybersecurity beaches may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Interest rate risk 
Variations in interest rates modify the reasonable value of those assets and liabilities that accrue a fixed 
interest rate as well as the future flows of assets and liabilities referenced against a variable interest rate.  
The objective of the management of interest rate risk is to achieve equilibrium in the structure of debt in 
order to reduce subsequent volatility on the Group's consolidated income statement. The Group hedges its 
transactions through derivative transactions that mitigate part of these risks; however, there is no assurance 
as to the effectiveness of such measures. As of 31 December 2020, approximately 65% of the Group's total 
medium- and long-term gross debt was at a fixed rate. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
Risks in Relation to Spanish Taxation 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014, of 26 June and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal 
Decree 1145/2011, income payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding tax in Spain 
provided that the Issuer provides, pursuant to Spanish law, certain information at the relevant time in the 
Spanish language regarding the Notes to the Spanish tax authorities. The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have 
arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The Issuer will 
withhold Spanish withholding tax from any payment in respect of any outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes (as applicable) as to which the required information has not been provided at the relevant time and 
will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax. The Agency Agreement (as defined

--- Page 26 ---
- 20- 
 
 
herein) provides that the Fiscal Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to 
facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or 
supplemented, to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or 
interpretation thereof or to reflect a change in applicable clearing system rules or procedures or to add 
procedures for one or more new clearing systems. See "Taxation — Taxation in Spain". None of the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealers the Fiscal Agent, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg assumes any 
responsibility therefor. 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, as amended, provides that any payment 
of interest made under securities originally registered in a non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity 
recognised by Spanish legislation or by the legislation of another Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development (OECD) country will be made with no withholding or deduction from Spanish taxes 
provided that the relevant information about the Notes is received by the Issuer. In the opinion of the Issuer, 
payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction or withholding of taxes in Spain provided 
that the relevant information about the Notes is submitted by the Fiscal Agent to it, notwithstanding the 
information obligations of the Issuer under general provisions of Spanish tax legislation, by virtue of which 
identification of Spanish investors may be provided to the Spanish tax authorities. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals (and, under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding 
by such depositary or custodian at the current rate of 19 per cent. 
If the Spanish tax authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding 
to payments made to Spanish residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax), the 
Issuer will be bound by that opinion and, with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding and 
the Issuer will not, as a result, pay additional amounts. 
Conflicts of interest – Calculation Agent  
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable 
by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche 
is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to 
the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity 
Notes may be redeemable prior to maturity at the Issuer's option in certain circumstances, and an optional 
redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be 
expected to redeem Notes when their cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.

--- Page 27 ---
- 21- 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that may convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant tranche of Notes. 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes  
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to 
be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not 
change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of 
the relevant reference rate. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the 
existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate be lower than the relevant margin. 
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future - including phasing-out of LIBOR after 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023. 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.   
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmark Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked 
to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such 
changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, 
national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") announced 
on 27 July 2017 that it would no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the 
LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would 
cease or cease to be representative benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of 
USD LIBOR only) from 30 June 2023. On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR (the ICE Benchmark 
Administration or "IBA") similarly announced that it would cease the publication of the relevant LIBOR 
settings on 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its proposed new powers to 
require the IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (also known as 
a "synthetic" basis). Such announcements indicate that LIBOR will not continue in its current form and the 
FCA announcement of 5 March 2021 indicated that it is currently contemplating that any "synthetic" basis,

--- Page 28 ---
- 22- 
 
 
if adopted, would be limited to a small number of currencies and settings. In addition, on 29 November 
2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling 
risk-free rates had been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so 
that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021.   
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse consequences to 
holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are 
linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even 
prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and 
as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) 
based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, such as LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any successor service)) ceases to exist, becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including 
the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and 
that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes 
may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants 
and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term 
SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate 
over a designated term). The continued development of Compounded Daily SONIA/SONIA as an interest 
reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA- based rates for such 
market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
- 23- 
 
 
The use of Compounded Daily SONIA as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms 
of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future 
issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such 
as the derivatives and loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
SONIA differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history 
Compounded Daily SONIA differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that 
Compounded Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR 
is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. 
As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA may behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for the Notes.  
Publication of SONIA in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The 
future performance of SONIA may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SONIA during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical 
level of SONIA. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
SONIA such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the Reference Rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference 
Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become 
due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default), or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Reference Rate payable in respect 
of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue 
SONIA  
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA 
is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to 
the publication of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA.

--- Page 30 ---
- 24- 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
an English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts (including the English 
translations of the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) (pages 1-192 of the pdf) and pages 
278-279 of the consolidated Directors' report of the Issuer (pages 470-471 of the pdf) in respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/06_junta_general_acci
onistas/2021/4_Cuentas%20Consolidado%202020_ENG.pdf  
2. 
The 2020 Result Report and the 2020 Result Presentation are deemed to be incorporated in to, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus. These documents are available on the issuer website, section 
Shareholders & Investors, Quarterly Results; 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/04_resultados_trimest
rales/2020/ACS%20Results%20Report%202020.pdf 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/04_resultados_trimest
rales/2020/ACS%20Results%20Presentation.pdf  
3. 
an English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts (including the English 
translations of the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) (pages 1- 176 of the pdf) and pages 
254-255 of the consolidated Directors' report of the Issuer (pages 425-426 of the pdf) in respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2019 (the "2019 Consolidated Annual Accounts");  
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/02_info_financiera_hi
storica/2019/Cuentas%20Consolidadas%202019_ENG.pdf 
4. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 30-58 of the Base Prospectus dated 15 
May 2020 relating to the Programme (the "2020 Conditions"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%202
015/Base%20Prospectus%20ACS%20%28Approval%29%20.pdf  
5. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 31-57 of the Base Prospectus dated 9 
May 2019 relating to the Programme (the "2019 Conditions"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%202
015/Octubre_2017_todos/ACS%20EMTN%20Update%202019%20Base%20Prospectus%20%2
8approval%20version%29%20237809-3-32%20v0.4.pdf 
6. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 30-54 of the Base Prospectus dated 8 
May 2018 relating to the Programme (the "2018 Conditions"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%202
015/Octubre_2017_todos/ACS%20EMTN%20Update%202018%20%E2%80%93%20Base%20
Prospectus%20NEW%20FINAL%20FOR%20APPROVAL%20.pdf  
7. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 26-49 of the Base Prospectus dated 9 
May 2017 relating to the Programme (the "2017 Conditions"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%202
015/Octubre_2017_todos/2_1_Programa%20EMTN_folleto%20informativo_julio_2014.pdf 
8. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 26-48 of the Base Prospectus dated 9 
May 2016 relating to the Programme (the "2016 Conditions"); 
http://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%2020
15/acs_emtn_update_2016_-_programme_base_prospectus.pdf

--- Page 31 ---
- 25- 
 
 
9. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 26-48 of the Base Prospectus dated 21 
July 2015 relating to the Programme (the "2015 Conditions"); 
http://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%2020
15/acs_emtn_update_2015_-_programme_base_prospectus.pdf 
; and 
10. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 26-48 of the Base Prospectus dated 1 
July 2014 relating to the Programme (the "2014 Conditions").  
http://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%2020
15/acs_emtn_programme_base_prospectus_final_version.pdf   
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and have been filed with 
Euronext Dublin. Any information contained in or documents themselves incorporated by reference in the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website included in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
- 26- 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the 
Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has 
included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the 
Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time 
of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.   
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the 
"Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note 
(the "Securities Note") containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if 
necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 33 ---
- 27- 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which 
is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking SA, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D 
Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global

--- Page 34 ---
- 28- 
 
 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") if either 
of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as

--- Page 35 ---
- 29- 
 
 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business; or  
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 36 ---
- 30- 
 
 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 37 ---
- 31- 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms shall 
not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may complete any 
information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. (the "Issuer") has established a 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €1,500,000,000 
in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 9 May 2017 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Société Générale 
Luxembourg as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named 
therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 9 May 2016 executed 
and delivered by the Issuer in relation to the Notes (the "Deed of Covenant"). 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing 
at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the 
holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and

--- Page 38 ---
- 32- 
 
 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and

--- Page 39 ---
- 33- 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 40 ---
- 34- 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) 
such percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be 
specified under "Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms, or as determined in accordance 
with these Conditions; 
"Equity" means the share capital subscribed and paid in, plus issue premiums, plus reserves, plus 
translation differences, plus net profit and loss, plus the figure for minority interests, less interim

--- Page 41 ---
- 35- 
 
 
dividends paid during the year, calculated by reference to the most recent publicly available audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (as at the date of the Base Prospectus, Thomson Reuters) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, 
in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Exchangeable Bonds" means Relevant Indebtedness that confers on the holder the right (the 
"Exchangeable Bond Right") to exchange such Relevant Indebtedness for, or convert such 
Relevant Indebtedness into, or otherwise purchase, subscribe or acquire, any Exchange Securities 
and/or receive a cash payment determined by reference to the market value of such Exchange 
Securities and where the relevant Security Interest is limited (directly or indirectly and whether by 
a Security Interest in respect of any rights under a call option or similar arrangement or stock 
lending or similar arrangement) to: 
(a) 
one time the maximum number of such Exchange Securities that would be required to be 
delivered to holders on exercise of the Exchangeable Bond Right (or by reference to which 
any such cash payment is to be calculated), any rights or entitlements (including in respect 
of dividends or distributions) in respect of such Exchange Securities and rights as against 
any custodian or similar entity in respect thereof; and/or  
(b) 
rights as against any paying agent or similar entity in respect of the Exchangeable Bonds 
over or in respect of amounts held by such agent or other entity for payment in respect of 
the Exchangeable Bonds; and/or  
(c) 
the shares in the capital of any special purpose financing vehicle which issues the 
Exchangeable Bonds; and/or 
(d) 
such other assets or rights as may be determined by the relevant trustee, comisario or such 
other person responsible for making such determinations in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Exchangeable Bonds;  
"Exchange Securities" means for the purposes of the definition of Exchangeable Bonds, any 
shares of any company (excluding shares of the Issuer itself), and shall include any depositary or 
other receipts or certificates representing any such shares of such company; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;

--- Page 42 ---
- 36- 
 
 
"Hochtief Group" means Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (as at the date of the Base Prospectus, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other person 
which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for 
a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such

--- Page 43 ---
- 37- 
 
 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic LIBOR rates can be obtained from the 
designated distributor);  
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than the 
Hochtief Group): 
(a) 
whose total assets or gross revenues (or, where the Subsidiary in question is obliged by 
applicable law to prepare consolidated accounts, whose total consolidated assets or gross 
consolidated revenues) at any relevant time represent no less than 10 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues, respectively, of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries, as calculated by reference to the then latest consolidated audited annual 
accounts or consolidated semi-annual reports of the Issuer and the latest annual accounts 
or semi-annual reports of each relevant Subsidiary (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, 
provided that in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to 
which the then latest consolidated audited annual accounts or consolidated semi-annual 
reports of the Issuer relate, then for the purpose of applying each of the foregoing tests, 
the reference to the Issuer's latest consolidated audited annual accounts or consolidated 
semi-annual reports shall be deemed to be a reference to such accounts or reports as if 
such Subsidiary had been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial 
statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors of the Issuer for the time being 
after consultations with the Issuer; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary 
which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary. 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or its 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or 
(ii) such percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Ordinary Course of Business" means (i) construction of all types of public and private works 
and all types of industrial, commercial and financial activities and operations directly or indirectly 
related to said construction work; (ii) the development, construction, restoration, and sale of urban 
development works and all types of buildings destined for industrial, commercial or residential use 
on a proprietary or non-proprietary basis; (iii) the execution of all types of study, advising, 
technical assistance and, in general, all kinds of services relating to construction and the real estate 
business; (iv) maintenance and upkeep of works and installations and the execution of urban, 
industrial, energy, logistics, port and passenger transport services; (v) the activities carried on by 
the company Xfera Móviles, S.A.; (vi) the promotion, development, construction and operation of 
infrastructure and service concessions; and (vii) any other activity contemplated by the constitutive 
documents of the Issuer or relevant Material Subsidiary from time to time; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 44 ---
- 38- 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest in existence on the Issue Date to the extent that it secures 
Indebtedness outstanding on such date; 
(b) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law or in the Ordinary Course of Business of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries which does not materially impair the 
operation of the relevant business; 
(c) 
any Security Interest to secure Project Finance Debt;  
(d) 
any Security Interest over or affecting any Exchangeable Bonds; and 
(e) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d) above and that 
secures Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Indebtedness secured by all other 
Security Interests permitted under this paragraph, does not exceed 10 per cent. of the 
Equity of the Issuer (or its equivalent in other currencies);  
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Project Finance Assets" means the assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, shares (or other 
interests)) of a Project Finance Entity; 
"Project Finance Entity" means any entity in which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries holds an 
interest whose only assets and business are constituted by: (i) the ownership, creation, development, 
construction, improvement, exploitation or operation of one or more of such entity's assets, or (ii) 
shares (or other interests) in the capital of other entities that satisfy limb (i) of this definition;

--- Page 45 ---
- 39- 
 
 
"Project Finance Debt" means any Relevant Indebtedness: 
(a) 
incurred by a Project Finance Entity in respect of the activities of such entity or another 
Project Finance Entity in which it holds shares (or other interests); or 
(b) 
any Subsidiary formed exclusively for the purpose of financing a Project Finance Entity, 
where, in each case, the holders of such Relevant Indebtedness have no recourse against the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries (or its or their respective assets), except for recourse to (y) the Project 
Finance Assets of such Project Finance Entities; and (z) in the case of (b) above only, the 
Subsidiary incurring such Relevant Indebtedness; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate;  
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, LIBOR or SONIA as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(where relevant, in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 46 ---
- 40- 
 
 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any listing authority, stock exchange or quotation 
system in respect of negotiable securities (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter 
securities market); and 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
50 per cent or more of the Voting Rights of which is at the relevant time directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled by the first Person; or  
(b) 
whose affairs and policies at such time the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of Voting Rights, share capital, contract, the power to appoint and 
remove the majority members of the board of directors or others governing body or 
otherwise; or  
(c) 
whose financial statements are at such time, in accordance with applicable law and 
generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with the first Person's financial 
statements; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro;  
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
"Voting Rights" means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the 
relevant entity (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall 
have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) or to elect the 
majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of the relevant entity. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
A. 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;

--- Page 47 ---
- 41- 
 
 
B. 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
C. 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
D. 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
E. 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;  
F. 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
G. 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons 
will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of 
any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No 
person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) 
of the Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 281 of the restated text of the 
Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (texto refundido 
de la Ley Concursal, aprobado por el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo) (the 
"Insolvency Law") or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future and subject to any 
legal and statutory exceptions) will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and 
future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Law, claims relating to 
the Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 281 of the Insolvency Law) will be 
ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank 
below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege 
(créditos privilegiados). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of 
shareholders. 
Accrued and unpaid interest due in respect of the Notes at the commencement of an insolvency 
proceeding (concurso) of the Issuer will qualify as subordinated credits. Accrual of interest on the 
Notes shall be suspended as from the date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) in relation 
to the Issuer.

--- Page 48 ---
- 42- 
 
 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries (other than the Hochtief Group) will, create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto 
securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes 
as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis:

--- Page 49 ---
- 43- 
 
 
A. 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
B. 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate; 
C. 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
D. 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and   
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
E. 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA 
Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 50 ---
- 44- 
 
 
A. 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
B. 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
C. 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a 
currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
D. 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof 
shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.  
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying

--- Page 51 ---
- 45- 
 
 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when 
the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(i)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(iv)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference 
Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(i)(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may 
be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i).  
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that:  
(A)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7(i)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 7(i) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(i)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i) in the event of 
a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 7(i) and the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms Pricing Supplement as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(i)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in 
order to give effect to this Condition 7(i)).

--- Page 52 ---
- 46- 
 
 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(i) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
 confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 7(i); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith 
in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
As used in this Condition 7(i):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or    
(C)  
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 7(i) is customary in market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
A. 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or

--- Page 53 ---
- 47- 
 
 
B. 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or  
C. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
D. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
E. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or 
F. 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) above and the Specified Future Date in the public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event 
shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(i)(iv).  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 7(i). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7A 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(a)  
This Condition 7A is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(b)  
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 54 ---
- 48- 
 
 
(c)  
For the purposes of this Condition 7A: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑
 
 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Observation 
Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such 
Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"p" means the number of London Banking Days by which an Observation Period precedes an 
Interest Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (provided that "p" shall not be less than 
five London Banking Days without prior written approval of the Calculation Agent);  
"Observation Period" means the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin 
on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for that day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding.

--- Page 55 ---
- 49- 
 
 
(d)  
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation Bank 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall 
be:  
(i)  
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous London Banking Days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; 
or 
(ii)  
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
(e) 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7A, the Reference Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Reference Rate which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of default), the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be 
the date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Reference Rate on the Notes shall, 
for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, 
if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and

--- Page 56 ---
- 50- 
 
 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised international 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as 
is referred to in this Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 8(b). 
(c) 
Par redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Par Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their 
principal amount on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their principal 
amount plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Make-Whole redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Make-Whole Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, 
as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
The "Make-Whole Redemption Amount'' will be the higher of: 
(i) 
the principal amount of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the product of the principal amount of the Notes and the price, expressed as a percentage 
of the principal amount of the Notes (rounded to four decimal places with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards), at which the then current yield on the Notes on the Reference Date 
would be equal to the current yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) 
at the Reference Time on the Reference Date of the relevant Benchmark Security plus 
the Make-Whole Margin, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided however that, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the Par 
Redemption Date (if specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
will be the principal amount of the Notes. 
The "Benchmark Security", the "Reference Time", the "Make Whole Margin" and the "Par 
Redemption Date" will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided however that, if "Linear 
Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the current yield of the

--- Page 57 ---
- 51- 
 
 
Benchmark Security shall be determined by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one 
twelfth of a year) of the yield of the two Benchmark Securities specified in the Final Terms. 
The "Reference Date" means the date which is the third London Business Day prior to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 8(c) (Par redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 8(d) (Make-Whole 
redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 8(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 8(d) (Make-Whole redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
as the case may be, shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put): If the Investor Put is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued 
to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8(e), the holder of a Note 
must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
(or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying 
Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note 
is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No 
Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 
8(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any 
such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the 
depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant 
Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing 
Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding 
Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(e), the depositor of such Note 
and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption or Purchase at the option of the Noteholders on a Put Event (Change of Control Put): 
If the Change of Control Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if at 
any time while any Note remains outstanding a Change of Control occurs (a "Put Event"), each 
holder of the Notes shall have the option (unless, before the giving of the Put Event Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer shall have given notice under Condition 8(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons) to redeem the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase 
(or procure the purchase of) any of its Notes at their principal amount together with (or, where 
purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to but excluding the Put Date (as 
defined below). Such option (the "Put Option") shall operate as set out below. 
If a Put Event occurs then, within 14 days of the occurrence of the Put Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Put Option. 
In order to exercise the Put Option, the holder of a Note must, during the period commencing on 
the occurrence of a Put Event and ending 60 days after such occurrence or, if later, 60 days after 
the date on which the Put Event Notice is given to Noteholders as required by this Condition 8(f) 
(the "Put Period"), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put

--- Page 58 ---
- 52- 
 
 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that 
if, prior to the relevant Put Date, any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or payment 
of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused on the Put Date, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been 
given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 8(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Note for all purposes. 
The Issuer shall at its option redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes the subject 
of each Put Option Notice given under this Condition 8(f) on the date (the "Put Date") which is 
seven days after the expiration of the Put Period unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(f): 
A "Change of Control" shall have occurred if one or more individuals or legal entities, acting 
individually or in concert, acquires control of the Issuer; and for the purposes of these Conditions 
"control" shall mean (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights or 
(ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors 
or other governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by 
ownership of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise and "controlled" 
shall be construed accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, any agreement or action in concert by 
two or more Existing Shareholders of the Issuer that does not give rise to a mandatory Takeover 
Bid under Spanish law shall not be, or be deemed to be, a Change of Control except when any such 
parties have previously launched a Takeover Bid but in doing so acquired (combined with their 
existing stake) less than 50 per cent. of the voting rights;  
"Existing Shareholders" means the shareholders who appear as significant shareholders of the 
Issuer in the registry of significant shareholders of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores 
on the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes; and 
"Takeover Bid" means any offer by one or more persons to acquire all of the issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event (as defined 
below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17, redeem or purchase (or procure 
the purchase of), at its option, the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, 
in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption or purchase. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
A "Substantial Purchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 85 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these 
purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is purchased by 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with Condition 8(j) (and in each case is cancelled 
in accordance with Condition 8(k)).  
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (which notice shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (the "Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date")), redeem the Notes 
comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their principal amount together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no 
earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not

--- Page 59 ---
- 53- 
 
 
more than 10 years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity 
of more than ten years. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (h) above. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer 
to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
any adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
A. 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such

--- Page 60 ---
- 54- 
 
 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
B. 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.  
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 9(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
8(d) (Make-Whole redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders (Investor Put)), Condition 8(g) (Redemption or Purchase at the option of the 
Noteholders on a Put Event (Change of Control Put)), Condition 8(h) (Redemption following a 
Substantial Purchase Event), Condition 8(i) (Residual Maturity Call Option) or Condition 11 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by 
paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, 
if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any 
Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 61 ---
- 55- 
 
 
10. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts 
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
A. 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
B. 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could have been able to avoid such 
deduction or withholding by presenting a certificate of tax residence and/or such other 
document evidencing its tax residence required by the competent tax authorities or in 
relation to whom the Issuer does not receive any relevant information about the Notes 
(including due to any failure by the Fiscal Agent to provide the information required by 
Royal Decree 1065/2007) as may be required in order to comply with Spanish tax 
disclosure obligations applicable at that time; or 
C. 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Note 
or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Note 
or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition, none of the Issuer, any paying agent 
or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to any withholding 
or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note pursuant to Section 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, regulation or other 
official guidance implementing FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer, a paying agent or 
any other person and the United States, any other jurisdiction, or any authority of any of the 
foregoing implementing FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed 
as references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 7 days 
of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes 
within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after 
written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or  
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer:   
A. 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;

--- Page 62 ---
- 56- 
 
 
B. 
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or 
the like (howsoever described); 
C. 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by 
it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness;  
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph 
(ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above 
have occurred equals or exceeds €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or  
(d) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is insolvent or bankrupt or unable 
to pay its debts, or is declared or a voluntary request has been submitted to a relevant court for the 
declaration of insolvency or bankruptcy, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or of the 
whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (or application 
for any such appointment is made), or (iii) the Issuer takes any action for a readjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its 
Indebtedness or any guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it; or 
(e) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except 
for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(f) 
Distress: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process for an amount equal to or in excess 
of €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is levied, enforced or sued 
out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
(g) 
Enforcement of charges: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance present or future 
securing an amount equal to or in excess of €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies), created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes 
enforceable or any step is taken to enforce it (including by the taking of possession or the 
appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar person); 
or 
(h) 
Suspension: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops, suspends or threatens publicly to 
stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, proposes 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes 
into effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(i) 
Illegality: it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of 
its obligations under or in respect of any of the Notes; or 
(j) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain has a similar 
effect to any of the events referred to in the foregoing paragraphs of this Condition 11, 
then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Notes may, by written notice to the 
Issuer, declare that such Notes or Note (as the case may be) and (if the Notes or Note are or is 
interest-bearing) all interest then accrued but unpaid on such Notes or Note (as the case may be) 
shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall (to the extent permitted by applicable 
Spanish law) become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount, together with 
all interest accrued thereon without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all 
of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary. 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if 
it is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month

--- Page 63 ---
- 57- 
 
 
from the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency (if the insolvency 
proceeding is declared as abridged, the term to report may be reduced to fifteen days) in the 
Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado), (ii) actions deemed detrimental for the 
insolvent estate of the insolvency debtor carried out during the two year period preceding the date 
of its declaration of insolvency may be rescinded, (iii) provisions in a contract granting one party 
the right to terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency may not be enforceable, and (iv) 
accrual of interest (other than interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to 
the value of the asset subject to the security) shall be suspended as from the date of the declaration 
of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date and unpaid (other than any 
interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject 
to the security) shall become subordinated. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within 
ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), 
subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent;  
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the

--- Page 64 ---
- 58- 
 
 
request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less 
than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties 
to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
17. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin or, in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers).  
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding the above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by 
a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or 
the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or 
a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with this Condition on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) or published on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
18. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer,

--- Page 65 ---
- 59- 
 
 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon 
receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes are governed by English law. Condition 4 (Status) is governed by Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 20(b) (English courts) 
is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 20 (Governing law 
and Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders 
may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London 
EC2V 7EX, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other 
address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.  
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere.

--- Page 66 ---
- 60- 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of a particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 67 ---
- 61- 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
[Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any distributor should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
("EUWA"), or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital

--- Page 68 ---
- 62- 
 
 
markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 95980020140005558665 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
€1,500,000,000 
[Euro Medium Term Note Programme] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
[2020/2019/2018/2017/2016/2015/2014] Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [15 May 
2020/9 May 2019/4 May 2018/9 May 2017/9 May 2016/21 July 2015/1 July 2014] and are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [is] [are] available for viewing on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and at the Issuer's website at 
www.grupoacs.com [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from 
[address]].  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended. 1 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 Issuer: 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, 
S.A. 
2. 
 [(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
 
1 
When preparing Final Terms prepared in relation to an issuance of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated 
market, Prospectus Regulation references are to be removed.

--- Page 69 ---
- 63- 
 
 
referred to in paragraph [20] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•] 
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA]+/– [•] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•]/[100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. (N.B. Redemption amount 
cannot be less than 100 per cent.) 
10. 
 Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 15/16/17/18 below)] 
12. 
 [(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes] obtained: 
[•]

--- Page 70 ---
- 64- 
 
 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis] 
14. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only 
be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention, 
insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 71 ---
- 65- 
 
 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
"p": 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006] 
 
• 
[ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
 Par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[Any date, beginning on, and including, the Issue 
Date and ending on, but excluding, the Maturity 
Date/specify other] 
 
(ii) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 72 ---
- 66- 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
16. 
 Make-Whole Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[Any date, beginning on, and including, the Issue 
Date and ending on, but excluding, the Maturity 
Date/specify other] 
 
(ii) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
  
 
[(a) 
Benchmark Security(ies): 
[Insert applicable Benchmark Security(ies)] 
 
[(b) 
Reference Time: 
[•] 
 
[(c) 
Make Whole Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
[(d) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[•] 
 
[(e) 
Linear Interpolations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(f) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
17. 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. 
 Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19. 
 Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
 Final Redemption Amount of each Note  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
 Redemption Amount 
 
 
Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for 
[•]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 73 ---
- 67- 
 
 
taxation reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
 Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]  
 
 
 
23. 
 New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
sub-paragraph 15(v) relates] 
25. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left.] 
26. 
 Commissioner: 
[•] [Insert name of temporary commissioner in 
case of fungible issuances, if applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of  
ACS, ACTIVIDADES DE CONSTRUCCIÓN Y SERVICIOS, S.A. 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 74 ---
- 68- 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on [the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin /[•]] with effect from [•].] 
 
 (ii) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin] with effect from [•]/Not 
Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
3. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
 
 
 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 75 ---
- 69- 
 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D] 
 
6. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]]

--- Page 76 ---
- 70- 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
Option 2  - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the 
[relevant 
competent 
authority]/[European 
Securities and Markets Authority] . 
Option 3  - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA 
but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"). 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under 
the CRA Regulation

--- Page 77 ---
- 71- 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but is certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation").  
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the 
EEA nor certified under the CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation   
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation.] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer:   
[  ] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base 
Prospectus/Give details] [If reasons 
differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
 
8. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011, 
as 
amended, apply such that [administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
JAPANESE OFFEREES

--- Page 78 ---
- 72- 
 
 
 
[In the case where the Japanese offerees are limited to Qualified Institutional Investors only, 
and therefore the Issuer relies upon the Qualified Institutional Investor private placement 
exemption (the Issuer must appoint its attorney in Japan): 
[The Notes have not been and will not be registered in Japan pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 
1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, 
the "FIEA") in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements since the 
offering constitutes the private placement to qualified institutional investors only. 
A transferor of the Notes shall not transfer or resell them except where a transferee is a 
qualified institutional investor under Article 10 of the Cabinet Office Ordinance concerning 
Definitions provided in Article 2 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(the Ministry of Finance Ordinance No. 14 of 1993, as amended).]] 
[In the case where the Japanese offerees are fewer than 50, and therefore the Issuer relies 
upon the small number private placement exemption: 
[The Notes have not been and will not be registered in Japan pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 
1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, 
the "FIEA") in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements since the 
offering constitutes the small number private placement. 
A transferor of the Notes shall not transfer or resell the Notes except where the transferor 
transfers or resells all the Notes en bloc to one transferee.]] 
[Second sentence above can be replaced with the following if preferrable: 
[The Note is not permitted to be divided into any unit less than the minimum denomination.]]

--- Page 79 ---
- 73- 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by 
a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common 
depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of 
the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto 
and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day : In the case of a Global Note , shall be : if the currency of payment is euro, any day 
which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent 
specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised.  Any such 
notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(c) 
(Par redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 8(d) (Make-Whole redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such

--- Page 80 ---
- 74- 
 
 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 81 ---
- 75- 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General Information 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. (the "Issuer" or "ACS") was incorporated in Spain on 
13 October 1942 under the name Obras y Construcciones Industriales, S.A. In 1993 it changed its name to 
OCP Construcciones, S.A. following a merger with Construcciones Padrós, S.A. In 1997, it adopted its 
current name following a merger with Ginés Navarro Construcciones, S.A. The Issuer is a publicly listed 
company (sociedad anónima cotizada) incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain and registered 
in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid in sheet M-30221. 
The Issuer's registered office is located at Avenida de Pío XII, 102, 28036, Madrid, Spain, with telephone 
number +34 91 343 9200. 
The Issuer operates under the commercial name ACS. 
Group Structure 
The Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, its affiliates and joint ventures (collectively, the "Group") 
operate as a diversified group, both in terms of its geographic reach and the nature of its activities. As at 31 
December 2020, the Group comprised the Issuer, its 1,068 subsidiaries and its 367 affiliates and joint 
ventures. For further information, see "Organisational Structure" below. 
The Group's Business 
General overview 
The Group is comprised of engineering and contracting companies that develop civil and industrial 
infrastructure projects and provide environmental and industrial services. 
The Group is one of the largest Spanish corporate groups operating in its field in terms of market 
capitalisation (source: Bloomberg), with over 25 years' experience. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Group is active across five continents and in over forty countries. 
The Group operates through three business units: 
• 
Infrastructure: the Infrastructure Unit focuses on the design, construction, implementation, 
development and, in some cases, operation of civil works and infrastructure projects, including 
concessions; 
• 
Services: the Services Business Unit focuses on providing facility management services for both 
public and private entities; and 
• 
Industrial Services: the Industrial Services Business Unit focuses on developing, constructing, 
maintaining and operating energy supply and industrial infrastructure projects. 
Infrastructure Unit 
Construction Business Sub-Unit 
In 2020, the Group's Construction Business Sub-Unit comprised one of the largest construction groups by 
revenue in Europe (source: Engineering News Record, August 2020 (The 250 International Contractors)) 
and engaged in the development of infrastructure projects worldwide. 
The principal Group companies operating within the Construction Business Sub-Unit are Dragados, S.A. 
("Dragados"), HOCHTIEF Aktiengesellschaft ("Hochtief"), CIMIC Group (Australia) ("CIMIC"), 
Turner Construction Company (America) ("Turner"), Flatiron Construction Corporation (America) 
("Flatiron"), Dragados USA Inc. (America), Dragados Canada Inc. (America) and Shiavone Construction 
Company (America).

--- Page 82 ---
- 76- 
 
 
The Construction Business Sub-Unit is divided into the following areas of activity: 
Civil Works: activities related to the development of infrastructure such as highways, railways, ports and 
airports 
Building: Residential buildings, social facilities and installations 
Projects related to the mining sector: Mining service contracts and the required infrastructure for the 
mining activity 
Concessions Business Sub-Unit 
The Group is one of the leading concession operators and developers in the world (primarily involving the 
development of transport concessions from project inception). As at 31 December 2020, the Group had a 
portfolio of 90 concession and PPP projects, with €53.4 billion total investment management and €1.0 
billion of committed equity. 
The activities of the Concessions Business Sub-Unit are focused primarily on Iridium Concesiones de 
Infraestructuras, S.A. ("Iridium"), which is the umbrella company for the active Group subsidiaries in this 
business sub-unit. Iridium has interests in companies operating under concession contracts, which mostly 
specialise in marketing concessions for transport infrastructure and public facilities. The Group is also 
active in the concessions business through the companies Abertis, HOCHTIEF PPP Solutions AG 
("Hochtief PPP") and PACIFIC Partnerships.  
In addition, the Concessions Business Sub-Unit conducts activities such as project identification, bid 
preparation, contracting with regard to awarded projects, financing and developing the respective 
concessionaire companies, as well as managing, operating and implementing concessions in Spain and 
around the world. 
The types of projects in which the Concessions Business Sub-Unit is usually involved include: 
• 
Transport infrastructure: concessions over motorways, underground and overground railway 
lines; 
• 
Public facilities: hospitals, prisons and other public facilities; and 
• 
Other activities: bus and train stations and parking zones. 
Services Business Unit 
The Services Business Unit provides facility management services. 
Clece, S.A. ("Clece") is an entity that specialises in staff management and resource optimisation, and has 
an extensive portfolio of activities which can be divided into three main areas: Social Services, Integrated 
Services and Environmental Services. Integrated Services activities include services required for the 
optimum operation of properties for public or private use (maintenance of installations, cleaning and 
auxiliary services). Environmental Services include services such as gardening, reforestation, 
environmental recovery, educational activities, environmental disclosure and development of natural 
heritage sites. Social Services include care services for social groups with a dependent status, airport 
services and innovative activities such as social restoration and energy efficiency. 
Industrial Services Business Unit 
The activity of the Industrial Services area is focused on the development, construction, maintenance and 
operation of energy, industrial and mobility infrastructures, as well as on the development of projects 
related to utility concessions.  
The activities carried out by the Group's Industrial Services Business Unit include two primary business 
lines: 
• 
Industry Support Services: focus on industrial maintenance contracts and services, as well as 
support services for customers' operational activities that, in turn, includes three areas of activity;

--- Page 83 ---
- 77- 
 
 
• 
Networks: electricity, gas and water distribution network maintenance services and 
activities; 
• 
Specialised Products: comprising the construction, installation and maintenance of high 
voltage networks, telecommunication systems, railway systems, electrical installations, 
mechanical assemblies and air-conditioning systems; 
• 
Control systems: comprising traffic and transport control systems and the maintenance 
of public infrastructure facilities; and 
• 
EPC projects and Renewable Energy Generation: comprising major turnkey projects (in 
connection with electrical energy, crude oil and natural gas, technical solutions for industry, and 
high-speed train systems) and renewable energy projects (by developing, constructing and 
operating wind farms and thermal solar power plants for industry). 
Historical financial information in respect of the Group 
Comparative information 
Until 2019, the Group's participation of 45% in BIC Contracting LLC ("BICC"), was included in the 
Consolidated Annual Accounts by the equity method, considering that ACS exercised significant influence 
over said entity but without having of control over it since, among other reasons, it was estimated that the 
purchase option did not imply a substantive right as a result of legal limitations on the purchase of 
companies in the UAE.  
In response to the request of the Spanish National Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del 
Mercado de Valores or "CNMV") for the Group to retroactively modify the accounting criteria to record 
its participation in BICC, the ACS Group has modified the consolidation method applied to BICC, and will 
now start applying global integration.  
In addition, BICC has been considered a discontinued operation in the financial information as of 31 
December 2020 and the comparative figures for the 2019 financial year have been restated accordingly. 
Additionally, and as indicated in IAS 1.10 f, a statement of financial position as of 1 January 2019 has been 
presented. 
The following table sets out certain key performance indicators of the Group as at and for the years 
ending 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2019 
2020 
Variation 2019 
vs. 2020 
 
(in millions of euro except earnings per share and 
percentages) 
Revenue .....................................................................................  
39,049 
34,937 
-10.53% 
Backlog1 .....................................................................................  
77,756 
69,226 
-10.97% 
Months (Backlog/Revenue) x 12 ................................................  
24 
24 
 
EBITDA2 (*) ................................................................................  
3,148 
2,444 
-22.36% 
EBITDA Margin3 .......................................................................  
8.1% 
7.0% 
 
EBIT4 (*) ......................................................................................  
2,125 
1,480 
-30.35% 
EBIT Margin5 .............................................................................  
5.4% 
4.2% 
 
Profit attributable to the parent  ..................................................  
962 
574 
-40.33% 
EPS6*  .........................................................................................  
3.13 
1.95 
 
Cash flow from Operating Activities* ........................................  
1,894 
1,142 
-39.70% 
Net Cash flows from Investment Activities and Investments in 
Subsidiaries.............................................................................  
(1,491) 
(81)  
 
 
 
 
 
 _______________  
1 
Backlog represents the orders and contracts which have already been agreed, but not yet completed. 
2 
The EBITDA for any relevant period is the result of Revenue less Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress, 
Capitalised expenses of in-house work on assets, Procurements, Other operating income, personnel expenses, Other operating 
expenses, losses on impairment and trade-related provisions, variation, allocation of grants relating to non-financial assets and 
others and Ordinary result of companies accounted using the equity method. 
3 
The EBITDA Margin is the division between EBITDA and Revenues.

--- Page 84 ---
- 78- 
 
 
4 
EBIT for any relevant period is the result of Revenue less Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress, 
Capitalised expenses of in-house work on assets, Procurements, personnel expenses, Other operating income, Other operating 
expenses, Depreciation and amortization and Ordinary result of companies accounted using the equity method. 
5 
The EBIT Margin is the division between EBIT and Revenues. 
6 
Earnings per share (basic and diluted). 
(*) Restated Amounts: The amounts used to calculate figures for year 2019 are restated numbers of the ones that are shown in the 
2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts. See section "Comparative Information" above. 
 
Revenues in the period accounted for €34,937 million, decreasing by 10.53%. The pandemic caused a 
general slowdown of the activity over the course of the year. 
Backlog as of 31 December 2020 stood at €69,226 million, 10.97% less than 2019 due to the impact of the 
exchange rate (the U.S. dollar which was depreciated by 9.2%). The impact of the pandemic affected 
contracting activity by delaying the award of new projects. 
The Group's EBITDA, amounted to €2,444 million. The margin over sales stood at 7%, slightly lower than 
the previous year due to the change in the business mix. 
EBIT reached €1,480 million, decreasing by 30.35%. The margin over sales stood at 4.2%,slightly lower 
than the previous year. 
The Group's Net Profit in 2020 reached €574 million. However, this figure included the impact of 
extraordinary non-operating results of €28 million, related to the sale of Thiess Group Holding Pty Ltd 
("Thiess") in Australia and other non-recurring results. Adjusted by these impacts, the Group's net income 
in 2020 amounted to €602 million, 37.4% less compared to the previous year. This drop is mainly due to 
Abertis' performance, whose traffic was strongly affected by the COVID-19 confinement measures. 
Excluding the impact of Abertis, the Group's ordinary net profit decreased by 11.2%.  
Foreign exchange results had a substantial negative impact due to main local currencies depreciation, 
particularly the U.S. dollar. On the other hand, the impact on changes in fair value for financial instruments 
was due to derivatives linked to ACS' shares. 
The effective corporate tax rate, excluding non-recurrent impacts, stood at 29.3%, compared to 26.4% in 
the prior year. 
Operating results 
The following table sets out certain operating results of the Group as at and for the years ending 31 
December 2019 and 2020: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2019 
2020 
Variation 
2019 vs. 2020 
 
(in millions of euro except percentages) 
EBITDA (*) .............................................................................................  
3,148 
2,444 
-22.36% 
EBITDA Margin1 ...................................................................................  
8.1% 
7.0% 
 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................................................  
(970) 
(968) 
-0.21% 
Infrastructure ......................................................................................  
(843) 
(834) 
-1.07% 
Industrial Services ..............................................................................  
(88) 
(94) 
+6.82% 
Services ...............................................................................................  
(37) 
(39) 
+5.41% 
Corporation ........................................................................................  
(2) 
(1) 
-50.00% 
Losses on impairment and trade-related provision variation  .................  
(53) 
4 
107.55 
EBIT (*) ...................................................................................................  
2,125 
1,480 
-30.35% 
EBIT Margin2 ..........................................................................................................................................  
5.4% 
4.2% 
 
 _______________  
1 
The EBITDA Margin is the division between EBITDA and Revenues. 
2 
The EBIT Margin is the division between EBIT and Revenues. 
(*) Restated amounts 
Revenues per geographical zone 
Sales during the period accounted for €34,937 million, decreasing by 10.5%, 5.6% adjusted by Gorgon's 
LNG Project impact and exchange rate. The COVID-19 health measures implemented in 2020 in most

--- Page 85 ---
- 79- 
 
 
countries had an impact on sales performance, with the greatest impact in the Asia Pacific and European 
regions.  
The following table contains information regarding revenues per geographical zone as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 2020. Sales are allocated to a specific geographical zone based on the criteria 
of the country in which works and services are delivered, regardless of the company which performs such 
work or provides such services (revenues are allocated depending on the country of residence of the 
customer): 
 
Sales per Country 
 
2019 
% 
2020 
% 
Variation 
2019 vs. 2020 
 
 
(figures in millions of euro except percentages) 
 
US 
16,932  
43.36% 
15,746 
45.07% 
-7.00% 
Australia 
6,839  
17.51% 
5,091 
14.57% 
-25.56% 
Spain 
5,419  
13.88% 
4,943 
14.15% 
-8.78% 
Canada 
1,629  
4.17% 
1,650 
4.72% 
+1.29% 
Germany 
751  
1.92% 
955 
2.73% 
+27.16% 
Mexico 
816  
2.09% 
620 
1.77% 
-24.02% 
Rest of the world 
6,663  
17.06% 
5,932 
16.99% 
-10.97% 
TOTAL 
39,049  
  
34,937 
  
-10.53% 
 
Sales breakdown by geographical areas showed the diversification of the Group's revenue sources, where 
North America represented approximately 52% of total sales, Asia Pacific 21%, Europe 21%, from which 
Spain represented 14%, and the remaining regions 7%. North America remained stable thanks to the USA 
and Canadian markets' resilience, which in comparable terms, i.e. adjusted by exchange rate, showed slight 
variations in sales.  The activity in South America decreased by 6.0% after the impact of the exchange rate 
variation of Latam currencies; without these, growth was 12.6%.  Asia and Europe were more affected by 
the restrictions applied across almost all countries. In particular, activity in Europe decreased by 5.2%, 
mainly due to Spain, that dropped by 8.8%, while Germany grew by 27.2%.  Sales' performance in Australia 
were particularly affected by Gorgon and the exchange rate variation. Without these impacts, sales dropped 
by 13.8% due to the impact of the pandemic in all activities. 
 
Backlog by country 
 
 
2019 
% 
2020 
% 
Variation 2019 
vs. 2020 
 
(figures in millions of euro except percentages) 
U.S.  
28,319 
36.42% 
26,700 
38.57% 
-5.72% 
Australia   
19,365 
24.90% 
17,724 
25.60% 
-8.47% 
Spain   
7,464 
9.60% 
7,995 
11.55% 
+7.11% 
Canada  
3,859 
4.96% 
3,056 
4.41% 
-20.81% 
Germany  
3,008 
3.87% 
3,493 
5.05% 
+16.12% 
Rest of the world  
15,741 
20.24% 
10,258 
14.82% 
-34.83% 
TOTAL  
77,756 
 
69,226 
 
-10.97% 
 
The Group's total backlog as of 31 December 2020 stood at €69,226 million, 11.0% less than 2019 due to 
the impact of the exchange rate, mainly the U.S. dollar which was depreciated by 9.2%. Adjusted by 
currency rate effects and perimeter changes, the Group's total Backlog decreased by 3.7% compared to the 
previous year, mainly in the Australian and Asian markets. 
The US' backlog went up by 3.0% in local currency while the Spanish backlog increased by 7.1% thanks to 
the entry of new renewable energy projects under promotion. The remaining countries in Europe grew by 
3.9%, mainly supported by the German Backlog.  
Australia's backlog was affected by the severe national restrictions resulting from the pandemic, which led 
to delays in new projects awards. 
Cash flows

--- Page 86 ---
- 80- 
 
 
The following table sets out the net cash flows of the Group for the years ending 31 December 2019 
and 2020: 
 
Net Cash Flow 
 
2019(1) 
2020 
Variation  
 
TOTAL 
HOT* 
ACS ex 
HOT** 
TOTAL 
HOT* 
ACS ex 
HOT** 
TOTAL 
ACS ex 
HOT** 
 
(in millions of euro except percentages) 
Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
before Working Capital  
2,454 
1,503 
951 
1,846 
1,022 
824 
-24.8% 
-13.4% 
Operating working capital variation  
-560 
99 
-659 
-704 
-311 
-393  
 
Net CAPEX  
-660 
-518 
-142 
-486 
-372 
-114  
 
Net 
Operating 
Cash 
Flow 
from 
continuing activities  
1,234 
1,084 
150 
656 
339 
317 
-46.8% 
111.3% 
Net Financial Investments/Disposals  
-831 
-221 
-610 
405 
718 
-313  
 
Lease liabilities (IFRS 16) 
-387 
-301 
-86 
-380 
-299 
-81  
 
Other Financial Sources  
-31 
-246 
215 
-943 
-859 
-84  
 
Free Cash Flow  
-15 
316 
-331 
-262 
-101 
-161 1,646.7% 
-51.4% 
Dividends paid  
-486 
-285 
-201 
-490 
-234 
-256  
 
Intra group Dividends  
- 
-177 
177 
- 
-207 
207  
 
Treasury stock acquisition  
-568 
- 
-568 
-736 
- 
-736  
 
Total Cash Flow generated / (Consumed)  
-1,069 
-146 
-923 
-1,488 
-542 
-946 
39.2% 
+2.5% 
 _______________  
* 
Hochtief. 
** 
Results of the Group excluding Hochtief. 
(1)     Restated amounts 
Cash flow from operating activities before working capital variations amounted to €1,846 million.  2020 
operating working capital variation resulted in a €704 million cash outflow. The Group's capital expenditure 
(CAPEX) and operating lease payments amounted to €866 million in 2020, broken down as follows: Net 
operating investments stood at €486 million and correspond to the acquisition of machinery and equipment 
for the Group's various projects, mainly in the mining, civil works and industrial installations areas and 
financial leasing payments related to the use of industrial machinery and vehicles amounted to €380 million.  
The cash flows generated by renewable assets' and infrastructure concessions' turnover corresponded to the 
partial sale of photovoltaic assets in Spain to Galp Energía SGPS, S.A. for an amount of €336 million, and 
to Iridium from the sale of interests in shadow toll concessions in Spain (€108 million). 
Investments and Disposals 
The Group's total and net investments for the year ended 31 December 2020 are summarised in the 
following table:  
Group 
(in millions of euro) 
Operating 
Investments 
Operating 
divestments 
NET 
CAPEX 
Project 
/ 
Financial 
Investments 
Financial 
Divestments 
Net Project / 
Financial 
investments 
Total Net 
Investments 
Infrastructure 
460 
(51) 
409 
785 
(1,642) 
(857) 
(448) 
   Dragados 
63 
(25) 
38 
- 
- 
- 
38 
   Hochtief 
397 
(26) 
371 
743 
(1,406) 
(663) 
(292) 
   Iridium 
- 
- 
- 
42 
(236) 
(194) 
(194)

--- Page 87 ---
- 81- 
 
 
Industrial Services 
65 
(6) 
61 
837 
(167) 
670 
731 
Services 
19 
(3) 
16 
5 
- 
5 
21 
Corporation & others 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
TOTAL 
544 
(60) 
486 
1,627 
(1,809) 
(182) 
304 
 
The Group total net investment accounted for in 2020, amounted to €304 million.  Financial and Project 
net investment reached €182 million and are detailed as follows: Infrastructure's area invested €785 million, 
from which €443 million were devoted to the purchase of Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft and CIMIC shares 
and €276 million corresponded to investments in PPP projects and joint ventures in America. On the other 
hand, divestments included the sale of Thiess for €1,342 million. Industrial Services area devoted gross 
€837 million (€561 million equity and remaining with project debt) to the development of energy assets, 
which included: 
• 
Thermosolar and photovoltaic plants in America and Spain (€274 million)  
• 
Floating and onshore wind farms (€256 million), including the Kincardine floating offshore wind 
farm in Scotland (€206 million) and onshore wind farms in Latin America (€50 million) 
• 
Offshore platform KA-KU-A1 for a gas extraction and compression station in Mexico (€120 
million) 
• 
Water treatment plant in Chile (€79 million) 
• 
High voltage lines in Brazil (€50 million) 
• 
Other energy projects (€59 million). 
 
Dividends paid in cash by the Group during the last 12 months amounted to €490 million. Likewise, during 
that period ACS allocated €736 million to share's buyback, which were mostly intended for scrip dividend 
purposes.  CIMIC payments related to BICC amounted to €844 million during the period. 
 
Furthermore, the item "other financial resources" at €84 million corresponded mainly to premiums from 
derivatives over treasury shares in ACS. 
Net debt 
The following table sets out the Group's net debt by business unit as at 31 December 2020: 
Million Euros 
Infraestructure  
Services 
Industrial 
Services 
Corporation 
and 
adjustments 
ACS Group 
Bank borrowings, debt, and other 
marketable securities 
5,991 
310 
1,315 
3,345 
10,961 
Non-current instruments 
4,627 
198 
772 
2,583 
8,180 
Current instruments 
1,364 
112 
543 
762 
2,781 
Other financial liabilities 
168 
1 
40 
(3) 
206 
Non-current instruments 
104 
16 
(3) 
117 
Current instruments 
64 
1 
24                  - 
89 
Companies receivables, current financial 
assets, cash and cash equivalent 
(7,198) 
(137) 
(1,837) 
(264) 
(9,436) 
Other current financial assets 
(766) 
(1) 
(472) 
(116) 
(1,355) 
Cash and cash eguivalents 
(6,432) 
(136) 
(1,365) 
(148) 
(8,081) 
Project finance with limited recourse 
86                  - 
3                  - 
89 
Non-current instruments 
70 
3 
73 
Current instruments 
16 
16 
TOTAL NET DEBT 2020 
(953) 
174 
(479) 
3,078 
1,820 
 
The Group maintained a €1,820 million net debt position as of 31 December 2020. This figure was €1,766 
million higher than a year ago after the Group dedicated more than €1,700 million to capital investments in

--- Page 88 ---
- 82- 
 
 
projects (€908 million), mainly in renewable energy, and to financial investments (€798 million), basically 
the increase in Hochtief's and CIMIC's stake for €443 million and the increase in ACS' treasury stock for 
€355 million. The Group has intended €870 million for the distribution of dividends among its shareholders 
(€626 million, of which 59% in ACS shares) and its minority shareholders (€249 million), mainly from 
Hochtief. 
Equity 
The following table sets out the Group's equity as at 31 December 2019 and 2020: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2019(*) 
2020 
Variation 
2019 vs. 2020 
 
(in millions of euro except for percentages) 
Shareholders' Equity ...........................................................................  
4,777   
4,197 
-12.14% 
Adjustments for changes in value .......................................................  
(356)   
(669) 
+87.92% 
Non-controlling interests ....................................................................  
1,085   
748 
-31.06% 
Total Equity ......................................................................................  
5,506   
4,276 
-22.34% 
(*) Restated amounts 
 
The Group Total Equity accounted for €4,276 million at 31 December 2020. The impact on adjustments 
from value changes was mainly due to the Australian dollar depreciation and other Latin-American 
currencies during the period, as well as impacts from coverages.  The reduction in the minority interest's 
balance was due to the purchase of treasury shares in Hochtief and CIMIC as well as Hochtief's dividend 
payments. 
Significant financial events in 2020 
Dividends 
On 12 December 2019, in use of the delegation granted by agreement of the Company's General 
Shareholders' Meeting held on 10 May 2019, the Board of Directors signed off the execution of the second 
scrip dividend system. The dividend was paid in March 2020, worth €0.449 per share. 66% of ACS capital 
opted for remuneration in shares. 
Likewise, the General Shareholders' Meeting held on 8 May 2020, signed off the scrip dividend for 2020 
worth approximately €1.99 per share to be executed in two instalments: the first one in July 2020, worth 
approximately €1.54 per share, and the second one in February 2021, worth €0.45 per share. 65% of ACS 
capital opted for remuneration in shares paid by 7 July 2020. 
Due to market conditions, the amount resulting from July 2020's complementary scrip dividend resulted in 
€1.38 per share, less than what agreed at the General Shareholders Meeting; therefore, the Board of 
Directors on its meeting held on 19 June 2020, approved an additional dividend worth €0.16 per share, 
which was paid by 6 July 2020. 
On 11 January 2021, ACS agreed to carry out the second execution of capital increase with a charge to the 
share premium approved by the General Shareholders' Meeting held on 8 May 2020. The purpose of the 
transaction is to implement a flexible formula for shareholder remuneration ("optional dividend"), so that 
shareholders may choose to continue to receive cash remuneration or to receive new shares in the Company. 
Furthermore, the Company agreed to carry out the second execution of the reduction of the share capital by 
amortization of its treasury shares approved at the same General Shareholders' Meeting for a maximum 
amount equal to the amount in which the share capital is actually increased as a result of the second 
execution of the capital increase referred to in the previous paragraph. 
The maximum number of new shares to be issued in the second execution of the capital increase charged 
to reserves agreed upon at the General Shareholders' Meeting held on 8 May 2020 (through which an 
optional dividend in shares or cash is structured), was set at 4,931,184 on 19 January 2021.

--- Page 89 ---
- 83- 
 
 
The price at which ACS undertook to purchase from its shareholders the free allocation rights 
corresponding to the said second execution of the capital increase was determined at a fixed gross amount 
of €0.452 for each right. 
After the negotiation period for the free allocation rights corresponding to the second execution of released 
capital increase, the irrevocable commitment to the purchase of rights assumed by ACS was accepted by 
the holders of 39.68% of the free allocation rights. After the decision-making period granted to the 
shareholders had elapsed, in February 2021 the following events took place: 
The dividend was determined to be a total gross amount of €55,716,280.82 (€0.452 per share) and was paid 
on 9 February 2021.The number of final shares subject to the capital increase was 2,568,165 for a nominal 
amount of €1,284,082.50, which were redeemed simultaneously for the same amount. 
Mergers, acquisitions and transmission of shares 
On 22 January 2020, the Issuer, through its subsidiary ACS Servicios, Comunicaciones y Energía, S.L, 
reached an agreement with Galp Energía, to sell its photovoltaic power projects in Spain, including the 
ones to be developed and to be put into operation from 2020 to 2023, with an overall installed capacity of 
approximately 2,930 MW. The expected enterprise value is approximately €2,200 million, with an impact 
of approximately €330 million total net profit, from which €250 million corresponded to 2019. 
On 23 January 2020, as a result of the strategic review carried out by CIMIC with regard to its investee 
in the Middle East, BICC, and in light of the sudden deterioration of conditions in that market, CIMIC 
announced to the markets that it had decided not to continue with the financial support it was providing 
to this company, provisioning for all the risks incurred with the company. This provision by CIMIC had 
a one-off negative impact on net profit after tax and minority interest in 2019 of €420 million. 
On 24 February 2020, the Issuer launched a buy-back program to repurchase its treasury shares with an 
aim to reduce its share capital through amortization of treasury shares and to contribute to the shareholder's 
remuneration carried out under the provisions of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 April 2014 and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of the Commission. The 
maximum number of shares that may be acquired is 10,000,000 (representing approximately 3.18% of the 
Issuer's share capital as of 24 February 2020). In addition, the maximum investment is expected to be of 
€370 million. The shares are to be acquired at market prices, not higher than the highest of the price of 
the last independent operation or the highest independent offer at the time in the trading centres where the 
purchase is made. The Issuer commits not to buy more than 25% of the average daily volume of its shares 
in the trading centre, where the purchase is made. The term of the buy-back program will be from 24 
February 2020 until 30 September 2020, although it may be terminated by the Issuer earlier if the 
maximum investment amount is reached or any other circumstance advises or requires its termination. 
On 18 March 2020, the Issuer signed a binding contract for an equity collar of its treasury shares with a 
financial institution for a total maximum of 12,000,000 shares, with a call option in favour of ACS at a 
strike price per share of €14.00 and a put option in favour of the financial institution at a strike price per 
share of €10.00, adjusted for future dividends and adjustable for the final execution price, with maturity 
from 2 November 2020 to 31 March 2021 at the rate of 115,385 shares each day. 
On 13 April 2020, the Issuer announced the signing of another binding agreement for a "reverse collar" 
on its treasury shares with a financial institution for an initial total of 8,000,000 shares, divided into 2 
tranches: 
(a) One of 4,000,000 shares with a call option in favour of ACS at a strike price of €17.5 per share and a 
put option in favour of the financial entity at a strike price of €14.5 per share; and 
(b) Another tranche of another 4,000,000 shares - extendable at the option of the financial entity by another 
4,000,000 shares - with a call option in favour of ACS at a price (strike price) per share of €19.5 and a put 
option in favour of the financial institution at a price (strike price) per share of €16.5.  
The agreement is effective from 14 April 2020 and the final maturity is on 31 May 2021 (with daily 
tranches, as from 4 January 2021, for an amount resulting from dividing the total number by 104). 
On 24 April 2020, the Group, through its subsidiary IRIDIUM Concesiones de Infraestructuras, S.A., 
executed the sale contract, together with Hermes Infrastructure Fund, of 74% of its capital in a company

--- Page 90 ---
- 84- 
 
 
which had all the stake that the Group had in six shadow toll concessions in Spain. The transaction was 
carried out with an enterprise value (100%) worth €950 million and with capital gains worth €40 million 
for the stake sold (74%). These capital gains were partially accounted in 2019. 
On 15 September 2020, the agreement reached with Galp Energy Group ("Galp") was closed. It consisted 
of the sale of 75% of representative shares that concentrated their stake in photovoltaic energy projects in 
Spain, both the ones that were then under operation and the ones to be developed between 2020 and 2023, 
with a total installed capacity of 2,930 MW and with an initial disbursement from Galp of €325 million. 
Total enterprise value once all the projects were completed is estimated at about €2,200 million, generating 
a total net profit for the Group of approximately €330 million, of which €250 million were accounted in 
2019. 
On 2 October 2020, ACS informed the market that VINCI SA ("VINCI") had submitted a non-binding offer 
made to the Group for the acquisition of its industrial services division. The scope of the transaction would 
include the engineering and works activities, eight concessions or PPPs of mainly energy projects, along 
with the platform for the development of new renewable energy projects. The closing of the transaction 
depends on the due diligence process to be conducted in the coming months. VINCI's proposal represents 
an enterprise value worth €5,200 million, of which at least €2,800 million would be paid in cash and the 
difference could be paid either in VINCI's shares or in cash. Once the due diligence processes are concluded 
and the terms of the final contract have been specified, the transaction will be subjected to the relevant 
administrative authorizations. The Group will retain the cash as of 31 December 2020 and the rest of the 
energy concessions, most of which are grouped in Zero-E.  
On 31 December 2020, CIMIC closed the sale of a 50% of Thiess' equity interest to funds advised by Elliot 
Management Corporation ("Elliott"), with CIMIC retaining the other 50% equity interest, exercising joint 
control over the company. Thiess is the subsidiary of CIMIC that delivers open cut and underground mining 
in Australia, Asia, Africa and the Americas, providing services to 25 projects across a range of commodities. 
It has a diverse fleet of plant and equipment of more than 2,200 assets, a team of around 14,000 employees, 
and generates annual revenues in excess of A$4,100 million. The transaction includes future Put Options, 
including a potential IPO or sale to a third party, and a Put Option for Elliot to sell its interest in Thiess to 
CIMIC between three and six years from completion. Exercise of Elliot's Put Option would enable CIMIC 
to potentially repurchase the interest now being acquired by Elliot at its lower current sale price or fair 
market value at that point in time, with guarantee from CIMIC's majority shareholder; Hochtief. The price 
agreed in the transaction implies an enterprise value worth A$4,300 million (based on 100% of Thiess). The 
transaction strengthened CIMIC's balance sheet by generating cash proceeds on completion of A$2,017 
million, as well as reducing CIMIC's factoring balance by A$459 million and CIMIC's operating lease 
balance by A$484 million. The transaction generated a pre-tax gain for CIMIC of A$2,164 million. 
Loans, credits and other financial operations 
Following a binding agreement signed on 18 March 2020, on 6 April 2020 ACS formalized a derivative 
contract on its own shares with a financial institution for a maximum of 12,000,000 shares with a call option 
in favour of ACS at a strike price of €14 per share and a Put Option in favour of the financial institution at 
a strike price of €10 per share to be adjusted according to future dividends and to the final price execution. 
Maturing from 2 November 2020 to 31 March 2021, at the rate of 115,385 shares per day. 
On 13 April 2020, ACS signed a binding derivative agreement on its own shares (reverse collar) with a 
financial institution for an initial total amount of 8,000,000 shares divided into two tranches: the first one 
of 4,000,000 shares with a call option in favour of ACS at a strike price of €17.5 per share and a Put Option 
in favour of the financial institution at a strike price of €14.5 per share; the second one of 4,000,000 shares 
(extensible in option of the financial institution in other 4,000,000 shares), with a call option in favour of 
ACS at a strike price of €19.5 per share and a put option in favour of the financial institution at a strike price 
of €16.5 per share. It will be effective from 14 April 2020 until 31 May 2021. Options are settled in cash at 
the exclusive option of ACS.   
On 8 June 2020, ACS went to the Euromarkets to issue a 5-year senior bond worth €750 million maturing 
on 17 June 2025 and with an annual coupon of 1.375%.

--- Page 91 ---
- 85- 
 
 
On 2 November 2020, ACS agreed to cancel the derivatives contract disclosed on 18 March and on 6 April, 
and has replaced it with a forward contract for the same number of Treasury shares (12,000,000) payable in 
cash for differences over a period of eleven to seventeen months at a rate of 115,385 shares per session. 
On 21 December 2020, ACS agreed to replace the derivative contract disclosed on 13 April with a forward 
contract for 11,952,615 treasury shares, exclusively payable in cash for differences as of 7 March 2022 until 
1 August of that same year, a ratio of 114,927 shares per session. 
Corporate Governance 
On 24 February 2020, ACS announced an agreement to launch a buyback program of its own shares in 
accordance with the authorization granted by 2019 General Shareholders Meeting. The maximum number 
of shares to be acquired under the Buyback Program is 10,000,000 ACS shares, which means approximately 
3.18% of its share capital as of the date of this communication. The maximum investment will be of €370 
million and the program remained in force until 30 September 2020.  
On 22 March 2020, ACS reported the decease of the Deputy Chairman and Board member Mr. José María 
Loizaga Viguri. 
On 8 May 2020, ACS' General Shareholders Meeting signed off the renewal of the Proprietary Directors 
Mr. Mariano Hernández Herreros and Mr. Javier Echenique Landiríbar. 
On 14 May 2020, ACS' Board of Directors agreed to choose Director Mr. Pedro López Jiménez, as member 
of the Audit Committee.  
On 28 October 2020, ACS' Board of Directors agreed to choose Director Ms. Carmen Fernández Rozado, 
as member of the Executive Committee. 
On 25 May 2020, ACS agreed to modify the share buyback program (the "Buyback Program") notified to 
the CNMV on 24 February 2020, extending the maximum purchase shares' number to 12,000,000 as well 
as the maximum investment up to €660 million and extending the deadline to 31 March 2022.  
On 14 August 2020, ACS' Board of Directors agreed to reduce the share capital by €2 million through the 
amortization of 4,000,000 shares of the company's treasury stock.  
Other 
On 20 October 2020, CIMIC made public the arbitration decision regarding Gorgon LNG Jetty project 
dispute which was undertaken by CPB Contractors, a CIMIC subsidiary, together with consortium partners, 
Saipem SA and Saipem Portugal Comercio Maritime LDA for Chevron Australia ("Chevron"). CIMIC's 
financial statements recorded A$1,150 million in the trade receivables account in relation to Gorgon Jetty. 
CIMIC sought to recover these costs overruns incurred on the project through an arbitration process in 
Australia against Chevron. Finally, the Arbitration Court issued an award of A$78 million for the 
Consortium (CPB and Saipem) and counterclaims of A$35 million for Chevron. 
Shareholding in Abertis 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Abertis amounts to €2,734,696,113 represented 
by 911,565,371 shares with a nominal value of €3.00 per share, of which 98.7% is held by Abertis Holdco, 
S.A. ("Abertis Holdco"), which in turn has three shareholders: Atlantia S.p.A. ("Atlantia") holds a 50% 
stake plus one share, ACS holds a 30% stake and its subsidiary Hochtief holds a 20% stake minus one share. 
During 2020, Abertis' internal figures show decreases in average daily traffic ("ADT") (number of vehicles) 
compared to the equivalent period in the previous year of 21.4%: 24.6% in France, 30.8% in Spain, 27.8% 
in Italy, 7.5% in Brazil and 25.9% in Chile (Source: Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A.). Such decreases are 
likely to continue as long as the pandemic and related government measures continue to impact such regions 
and will correspond to reduced toll net receipts, which form a substantive part of the Abertis group's 
revenues. In the year ended 31 December 2020, toll net receipts comprised 93% of the Abertis group's 
revenues and the Abertis group's two biggest markets, France and Spain, accounted for 37% and 22% of 
the Abertis group's total revenues for the year ended 31 December 2020, respectively. In these

--- Page 92 ---
- 86- 
 
 
circumstances, Abertis' business and results of operations for 2021 will likely continue being adversely 
affected and the extent will depend on the pandemic's impact on macroeconomic conditions and financial 
markets globally and the duration and future development of containment measures, based on the severity 
of the virus and public health situation in the countries concerned. In that regard, traffic volumes and toll 
receipts depend on a number of factors, including: the quality, convenience and travel time on toll-free 
roads or toll roads that are managed by Abertis' competitors; the quality, safety and state of repair of Abertis' 
toll roads; the wider economic outlook; the environmental legislation (including measures to restrict motor 
vehicle use in order to reduce air pollution); and the popularity and existence of alternative means of 
transportation. In addition to the volume of traffic on its toll roads, the income generated from the Abertis' 
toll roads depends on its tariff rates and the tariff structure is usually fixed from the outset under each 
individual concession agreement. In the majority of cases, Abertis has limited or no ability to independently 
raise tariffs beyond certain limits, normally the rate of inflation. In this respect, Abertis is subject to risk 
related to its international operations such as fluctuations in local economic growth, changes in inflation 
rates, and devaluation of local currencies and social conflicts, among others. Abertis is also exposed to a 
number of risks relating to the volume of traffic using its roads. First, the imposition of restrictions on the 
mobility of people to stop the spread of the COVID-19 could have a negative effect on traffic on the toll 
roads operated by Abertis. Second, the fact that it does not have the discretion to increase the tariffs on its 
toll roads, and that Abertis may not be able to extend or replace its toll road concession agreements. In 
addition, Abertis operates in a competitive and regulated industry, such that environmental laws could 
increase Abertis' costs. Moreover, this company faces legal risks related to licensing and approvals, and is 
also exposed to operating risk because participation in competitive tender processes may require regulatory 
authorisation procedures, which can generate significant expense with no assurance of success. Furthermore, 
a failure to accurately estimate risks, the availability and cost of resources, project duration and future 
revenues when bidding on concessions could adversely affect Abertis' profitability. The company may 
suffer losses in excess of insurance proceeds or from uninsurable events and is exposed to risks connected 
with failing to meet infrastructure development objectives. In the same way, Abertis' concessions may 
generate little or no cash and the company depends to a significant extent on public sector customers and 
projects. 
Recent Developments 
On 15 February 2021, CIMIC announced it has signed a share purchase agreement with SALD Investment 
LLC ("SALD") for the sale of CIMIC's investment in the Middle East. SALD, a privately owned, UAE-
based investment company, will purchase CIMIC's 45% investment in BICC as well as the remaining 55% 
of BICC held by CIMIC's co-shareholder. The sale covers all of CIMIC's investments in the Middle East. 
On completion, SALD will own all BICC's businesses in the UAE, Qatar, Oman and Saudi Arabia. The 
completion of the share purchase agreement is subject to satisfaction of certain conditions precedent and 
obtaining all necessary approvals. While CIMIC has agreed with the purchaser to contribute a certain 
amount of funds into BICC, the transaction does not increase CIMIC's previously announced financial 
exposure to the Middle East. The financial impact of the transaction to CIMIC is already included in the 
one-off post-tax impact in CIMIC's 2019 financial statements announced on 23 January 2020. 
On 9 March 2021, the rating agency Standard and Poor's (S&P) rated ACS's corporate credit with a rating 
BBB- for long-term and A-3 for short-term, with a stable outlook. Hochtief and CIMIC also obtained the 
same credit rating. 
On 31 March 2021, the ACS Group and Vinci signed a binding purchase agreement to acquire the majority 
of the ACS Group's Industrial Division. The scope of the transaction includes, in addition to activities 
involving engineering and works, shares in eight concessions, or PPP of mainly energy projects, as well as 
the development platform for new projects in the renewable energy sector. ACS will retain possession of 
Zero-E and 15 concessions, which will be carved out before completion of the sale. The agreed 
consideration of the transaction is broken down as follows: 
 - Upon completion of the sale, ACS will receive a minimum of €4.93 billion and a maximum of €4.98 
billion. This figure consists of a fixed amount totalling €4.2 billion plus an additional payment of a 
minimum of €730 million and a maximum of €780 million, mainly as compensation of the company’s cash, 
the exact amount of which will be determined by the scope of date of sale.  
- A maximum variable payment of €600 million in cash at a rate of €20 million for every half GW developed 
by the Industrial Division (until ready-to build status) between 31 March 2021 and up to the seven years

--- Page 93 ---
- 87- 
 
 
following completion of the sale, extendable for an additional 18 months if the Industrial Division sold fails 
to develop six GW in the first 42 months.  
Moreover, both parties have agreed to establish a joint venture, to which they will contribute—at market 
price, once completed, connected to the grid, and ready to produce— all the renewable assets developed by 
the Industrial Division (which is the subject of the agreement), at least, in the eight and a half years 
following completion of the sale. VINCI will hold 51% of the company's political and economic rights, and 
ACS will hold the remaining 49%, an essential element in the transaction's value creation for the ACS 
Group. As is customary in these types of transactions, finalization is contingent—as a condition 
precedent—upon obtaining all the necessary authorisations, particularly those pertaining to competition. 
On 9 April 2021, ACS notified the CNMV that it had send a letter to the Board of Directors of Atlantia 
expressing its interest in participating, together with other potential investors including Cassa Depositi e 
Prestiti, in the possible acquisition of that company's stake in Autostrade per l'Italia SpA, with an indicative 
value between €9 billion and €10 billion. 
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer is the parent company of the entities of which the Group is comprised, functioning as a holding 
company for each of the Group's subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2020, the Group comprised 1,439 
companies, including the Issuer, 1,068 subsidiary companies and 367 associate companies and joint 
ventures. 
The organisational structure of the Group with its holding companies and their significant subsidiaries as 
at 31 December 2020 is summarised in the following diagram.

--- Page 94 ---
- 88- 
 
 
 
Share Capital and Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's share capital is made up of 310,664,594 ordinary shares 
of €0.50 nominal value each, represented by book entries and forming a single class. The Issuer's share 
capital is fully subscribed and paid-up. The Issuer's shares are admitted to listing on the Madrid, Barcelona, 
Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges (the "Spanish Stock Exchanges") and trade through the automated 
quotation system (Sistema de Interconexión Bursátil). 
As at 31 December 2020, the following shareholders (excluding members of the Board of Directors) each 
held, directly or indirectly, 2.5% or more of the ordinary shares with voting rights of the Issuer: 
 
Name or company name of the shareholder 
% of direct 
voting rights 
% of indirect 
voting rights 
% of total voting 
rights 
Mr. Alberto Cortina Alcocer ........................................................  
0 
   2.61 
2.61 
Mr. Alberto Alcocer Torra ...........................................................  
0 
2.31 
2.31 
Blackrock, Inc ..............................................................................  
0.28 
4.71 
4.99 
Société Générale 
6.36 
0 
6.36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACS= 98,7% x 30% =  29,6 %
HOCHTIEF= 98,7% x 20%x 52,2% = 10,3 %
100,00%
ImesAPI S.A.
100,00%
Sice Tecnología y Sistemas S.A.
100,00%
Makiber S.A.
100,00%
Initec Energía S.A.
Control y Montajes 
Industriales CYMI, S.A.
100,00%
Mantenimiento y Montajes 
Industriales S.A. (Masa)
100,00%
Intecsa Ingeniería Industrial 
S.A.
100,00%
Nexplore, S.A.
Cymi Brasil
100,00%
ACS Actividades de Construcción y 
Servicios, S.A.
Dragados S.A.
ACS Servicios Comunicaciones y Energía 
S.L.
ACS Servicios y Concesiones 
S.L.
Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft
Vías y Construcciones 
S.A.
Cobra Instalaciones y 
Servicios, S.A.
Iridium Concesiones de 
Infraestructuras, S.A.
Funding Statement, S.A. 
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
52,2%
100,00%
Comunidades 
Gestionadas S.A. 
Cobra Gestión de Infraestructuras, 
S.L.U.
Clece, S.A.
Protide, S.A. Unipersonal
Abertis
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
39,9%
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
Geotecnia y Cimientos 
S.A.
Iridium Aparcamientos, 
S.L.
Statement Structure, S. A.  
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
Enclavamientos y Señalización 
Ferroviaria, S.A.
100,00%
Drace Infraestructuras, 
S.A.
Electronic Traffic S.A.
Residencial Monte Carmelo, 
S.A. 
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
Electricidad Eleia, S.L.
100,00%
Tecsa Empresa 
Constructora S.A.
Maessa Telecomunicaciones 
Ingeniería Instalaciones y 
Servicios, S.A.
Cariátide, S.A.  
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
Dragados y 
Construcciones 
Argentina SAICI
Soc. Española de Montajes 
Industriales S.A. (Semi)
66,10%
100,00%
Dragados Canadá
Dragados Industrial  S.A.
Dragados Inversiones 
USA S.L.
100,00%
Schiavone Construction 
Company
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
Dragados Construction 
USA, Inc.
Dragados Offshore S.A. 
(Offshore)
100,00%
Pulice Construction, Inc.
100,00%
John P. Picone, Inc.
Dragados Australia PTY 
Ltd.
100,00%
Prince Contracting, LLC.
100,00%
J.F. White Contracting 
Company
100,00%
Pol-Aqua, S.A.
100,00%

--- Page 95 ---
- 89- 
 
 
Name or company name of the indirect shareholder 
Held through: Name or company name 
of the direct shareholder 
% of voting 
rights 
Mr. Alberto Cortina Alcocer .................................................  
Percacer, S.L. 
1.41 
Mr. Alberto Cortina Alcocer .................................................  
Corporación Financiera Alcor, S.L. 
0.15 
Mr. Alberto Cortina Alcocer .................................................  
Imvernelin Patrimonio, S.L. 
1.05 
Mr. Alberto Alcocer Torra ....................................................  
Comercio Y Finanzas, S.L. 
1.11 
Mr. Alberto Alcocer Torra ....................................................  
Corporación Financiera Alcor, S.L. 
0.15 
Mr. Alberto Alcocer Torra ....................................................  
Imvernelin Patrimonio, S.L. 
1.05 
Blackrock, Inc .......................................................................  
Blackrock, Inc 
4.71 
 
Based on the information available to the Issuer, there is no individual or corporation that, directly or 
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, exercises or may exercise any type of control over the Issuer. 
In addition, various independent directors are appointed to the Board of Directors and the Issuer has 
processes in place to monitor the purchase of its shares, including a policy in relation to maintaining treasury 
holdings, which complies with recommendations approved by the CNMV and which is reported on to the 
Audit Committee at regular intervals by the responsible person. 
The table below sets out the number of ordinary shares with voting rights held by members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020: 
Name or company name of the Board Member 
% of direct voting 
rights 
% of indirect 
voting rights 
 % of total voting 
rights 
Agustín Batuecas Torrego ................................................  
0.40 
0.25 
0.65% 
Antonio Botella García .....................................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
José Luis Del Valle Pérez .................................................  
0.10 
0 
0.10% 
Javier Echenique Landiribar .............................................  
0.01 
0 
0.01% 
Carmen Fernández Rozado ..............................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Marcelino Fernández Verdes ............................................  
0.01 
0.26 
0.27% 
Antonio García Ferrer ......................................................  
0.03 
0 
0.03% 
Emilio García Gallego ......................................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Joan David Grima Terre ...................................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Mariano Hernández Herreros ...........................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Pedro José López Jiménez ................................................  
0 
0.22 
0.22% 
Catalina Miñarro Brugarolas ............................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Florentino Pérez Rodríguez ..............................................  
0 
12.68 
12.68% 
María Soledad Pérez Rodríguez .......................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Miguel Roca Junyent ........................................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
José Eladio Seco Dominguez ...........................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
 
The following table describes the indirect shareholdings by members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
as at 31 December 2020: 
Name or company name of the indirect shareholder 
Held through: Name or company name 
of the direct shareholder 
% of voting rights 
Agustín Batuecas Torrego .....................................................  
Carcalodon, S.L. 
0.22 
Agustín Batuecas Torrego .....................................................  
El Campostuero, S.L. 
0.03 
Marcelino Fernández Verdes .................................................  
Gesguiver, S.L. 
0.26 
Pedro José López Jiménez .....................................................  
Fapin Mobi, S.L. 
0.22 
Florentino Pérez Rodríguez ...................................................  
Rosán Inversiones, S.L. 
12.68 
 
Percentage of total voting rights held by the Board of Directors: 13.96% 
In addition, as at 31 December 2020, the following members of the Board of Directors had notified the 
CNMV of stock options: 
Name of Director 
Number of Stock Options 
Florentino Pérez 
500.000 
Marcelino Fernández Verdes 
500.000 
José Luis del Valle Pérez 
275.000 
 
As at 31 December 2019, treasury shares held by the Issuer amounted to 314,664,594 (2.05% of total shares), 
with a face value of €0.50 each. This figure has subsequently been reduced by the sale of treasury shares 
detailed under "Recent Developments" above.

--- Page 96 ---
- 90- 
 
 
Management 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has 16 Directors, the following table describes the 
composition of the Board of Directors of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name or company name 
of the Board Member 
Representative 
Class of Board 
Member 
Position on 
the Board 
Date of first 
appointment 
Date of last 
appointment 
Appointment 
procedure 
Marcelino Fernández 
Verdes 
 
Executive 
CEO 
04/05/2017 
04/05/2017 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Carmen Fernández 
Rozado 
 
Independent 
Board Member 
28/02/2017 
28/02/2017 
Board of 
Directors' 
José Eladio Seco 
Dominguez 
 
Independent 
Coordinating 
Member 
22/12/2016 
22/12/2016 
Board of 
Directors' 
Mariano Hernández 
Herreros 
 
Proprietary 
Board Member 
05/05/2016 
08/05/2020 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Antonio Botella García 
 
Independent 
Board Member 
28/04/2015 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Catalina Miñarro 
Brugarolas 
 
Independent 
Board Member 
28/04/2015 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Emilio García Gallego 
 
Independent 
Board Member 
13/11/2014 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
María Soledad Pérez 
Rodríguez 
 
Proprietary 
Board Member 
13/11/2014 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Javier Echenique 
Landiribar 
 
Proprietary 
Board Member 
20/05/2004 
08/05/2020 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Antonio García Ferrer 
 
Executive 
Executive 
Deputy 
Chairman 
14/10/2003 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Joan David Grima Terre 
 
Other External 
Board Member 
14/10/2003 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Miguel Roca Junyent 
 
Other External 
Board Member 
14/10/2003 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Agustín Batuecas Torrego 
 
Executive 
Board Member 
29/06/1999 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
José Luís Del Valle Pérez 
 
Executive 
Board Member 
Secretary 
28/06/1989 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Pedro José López 
Jiménez 
 
Other External 
Board Member 
28/06/1989 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Florentino Pérez 
Rodríguez 
 
Executive 
Executive 
Chairman 
28/06/1989 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
 
The business address of each of the Members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer is Avenida Pío XII, 
102, 28036, Madrid, Spain.

--- Page 97 ---
- 91- 
 
 
Senior Management 
The Board has delegated some of its powers to the following committees: 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee is made up of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, one or both Vice-
Chairmen, Board Members appointed by the Board of Directors for such purpose and the Secretary to the 
Board of Directors (who is entitled to participate in, but not to vote at, meetings of the Executive 
Committee). 
The Executive Committee meets as often as it is convened by its Chairman, on his or her own initiative or 
at the request of at least two of its members. 
The Executive Committee exercises the same powers as those of the Board of Directors, with the exception 
of those powers that may not be delegated to the Executive Committee by law or under the Issuer's by-laws. 
The following table describes the composition of the Executive Committee at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Type 
Florentino Pérez Rodríguez 
Chairman  
Executive 
Antonio García Ferrer 
Member 
Executive 
Marcelino Fernández Verdes 
CEO 
Executive 
Javier Echenique Landiribar 
Member 
Proprietary 
Pedro José López Jiménez 
Vice Chairman 
Other External 
Carmen Fernández Rozado 
Member 
Independent 
 
Management Committee 
The Management Committee is a non-statutory internal body, formed by members of the main companies 
of the Group and their affiliates, with the purpose of giving such executives the opportunity to meet to 
discuss professional experiences and to find solutions to management issues of the Group generally. 
The following table describes the composition of the Management Committee (Comité de Dirección) of 
the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Management Committee Member 
Position in the Issuer 
Florentino Pérez Rodríguez 
Chairman and CEO 
Antonio García Ferrer 
Executive Vice Chairman 
Marcelino Fernández Verdes 
CEO 
José Luis del Valle Pérez 
Secretary General 
Ángel García Altozano 
Corporate General Manager 
Eugenio Llorente Gómez 
CEO of the Industrial Services Business Unit 
 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee is comprised of a minimum of three and a maximum of five members appointed by 
the Issuer's Board of Directors from amongst its members. 
The following table describes the composition of the Audit Committee of the Issuer as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Class 
José Eladio Seco Domínguez 
Chairman 
Independent 
Carmen Fernández Rozado 
Member 
Independent 
Emilio García Gallego 
Member 
Independent 
Catalina Miñarro Brugarolas 
Member 
Independent 
María Soledad Pérez Rodríguez 
Member 
Proprietary 
 
According to the new Board of Directors' Regulations the responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: 
As pertains to oversight of the financial and non-financial information:

--- Page 98 ---
- 92- 
 
 
(a) 
To inform the General Shareholders' Meeting of matters envisaged in relation to those issues which 
are the competency of the Committee, and in particular, of the result of the audit, explaining how 
it contributed to the integrity of the financial information, and the role which the Committee played 
in that process. 
(b) 
To supervise and evaluate the preparation and presentation of ACS', and where applicable the 
Group's, financial and non-financial information, reviewing compliance with regulatory 
requirements and ensuring the adequacy of the consolidation scope defined and appropriate 
application of accounting criteria and, in particular, being aware of, understanding and supervising 
the effectiveness of the internal financial information control system (SCIIF). The Committee may 
present recommendations or proposals to the Board of Directors, with the aim of safeguarding the 
integrity of the financial information. 
(c) 
To provide the Board of Directors with prior notice about the financial information that ACS is 
required to publish periodically. 
(d) 
To ensure that the financial statements that the Board of Directors presents to the General 
Shareholders' Meeting are prepared in accordance with accounting regulations and that, in those 
cases in which the auditor has included a provision in his audit report, the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee clearly explains to the General Shareholders' Meeting the opinion of the Audit 
Committee regarding its content and scope, making a summary of this opinion available to the 
shareholders at the time of publication of the call to the Meeting, together with the rest of the 
proposals and reports of the Board. 
As pertains to the oversight of the internal control and internal audit: 
(e) 
To oversee the efficiency of ACS' internal control, ensuring that the policies and systems 
established in the area of internal control are effectively applied in practice, and the internal audit, 
as well as to discuss with the account auditor any significant weaknesses in the internal control 
system detected during the audit process, without infringing its independence, drawing conclusions 
as to the level of trustworthiness and reliability of the system. For these purposes, where necessary, 
the Audit Committee may present recommendations or proposals to the Board of Directors and 
indicate the corresponding period of time for follow-up of these recommendations. 
(f) 
To oversee the independence of the internal audit unit; propose the selection, appointment and 
removal of the head of the internal audit department; propose the budget for the service; approve 
the orientation and the annual work plan of the internal audit, ensuring that activities are directed 
principally toward key risks for ACS (including the reputational ones); receive regular information 
on internal activities; ensure that senior management takes the conclusions and recommendations 
of its internal audit reports into consideration; and annually assess the workings of the internal 
audit unit and the performance of its duties by the person responsible for the unit. 
(g) 
To establish and oversee a mechanism that allows employees and other persons related to ACS, 
such as Directors, shareholders, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors, to confidentially report 
any potentially significant irregularities including financial and accounting irregularities, or 
irregularities of any other nature, related to ACS that they may identify within ACS or the Group, 
by receiving regular information on its operation and being able to propose the appropriate actions 
for its improvement and future risk reduction. 
As pertains to the oversight of risk management and control: 
(h) 
To supervise and evaluate the effectiveness of financial and non-financial risk management 
systems relating to ACS and the Group, including operational, technological, legal, social, 
environmental, political and reputational or corruption-related systems. 
(i) 
At least once a year, to reassess the list of most significant risks, both financial and otherwise, and 
evaluating their tolerance level, proposing adjustments to the Board of Directors where necessary. 
For these purposes, the Committee shall, at least once a year, hold a meeting with the heads of the 
various business lines, for those managers to explain trends in their line of business, and the 
associated risks.

--- Page 99 ---
- 93- 
 
 
(j) 
To directly oversee the performance of the internal control and risk management functions carried 
out by any unit or Department of ACS. 
In relation to the external auditor: 
(k) 
To feed back to the Board of Directors any proposals for the selection, appointment, re-election 
and replacement of the external auditor, taking responsibility for the selection process, and for the 
conditions of their engagement, and for this purpose, the Committee must: 
(i) 
define the process for selection of the auditor; and 
(ii) 
issue a reasoned proposal containing at least two alternatives for auditor selection, except 
in cases of reelection of the same auditor. 
(l) 
To regularly gather information from the external auditor regarding the audit plan, its execution 
and any other issues relating to the account auditing process – in particular, any disagreements 
which arise between the account auditor and ACS' management, as well as to preserve its 
independence in the exercise of its functions.  
(m) 
To establish the appropriate relationships with the external auditor for the purpose of receiving 
information on any matter which may compromise its independence, for examination by the 
Committee, and any other matter relating to the process of auditing the accounts and, where 
necessary, authorization of services other than those which are prohibited, in the conditions set 
forth in the applicable legislation, as any other 23 communications prescribed by the legislation in 
account auditing and in the auditing standards. 
In any case, ACS must receive an annual declaration from the external auditors regarding their 
independence vis-à-vis the entities directly or indirectly related to ACS, together with information 
on additional services of any kind provided and the related fees received from these companies by 
the external auditor or by persons or entities related thereto, in accordance with the audit legislation 
in force. 
(n) 
To issue annually, prior to the issue of the auditors’ report, a report in which it gives its opinion on 
the independence of the auditor. In any case, this report should inform on the provision of the 
additional service referred to in the previous section, individually and globally considered, other 
than the legal audit and in relation with the independence system or the audit regulations. 
Should the external auditor resign, examine the circumstances leading to such decision. 
(o) 
Ensure that the remuneration of the external auditor does not compromise its quality or 
independence, and establish a guideline cap on fees that the auditor can be paid, each year, for 
services other than auditing. 
(p) 
Ensure that ACS notifies any change of auditors through the CNMV, accompanied by a statement 
of any disagreements arising with the outgoing auditors and, if any, of their content. 
(q) 
Ensure that the external auditor holds an annual meeting with the Board of Directors to inform it 
of the work performed and of the evolution of ACS' accounting situation and risks. 
(r) 
Ensure that ACS and the external auditor comply with the applicable laws regarding the provision 
of services other than auditing services, restrictions on the concentration of the external auditor’s 
business, and, in general, with other laws stipulated to safeguard the independence of auditors. 
(s) 
To perform a final assessment regarding the auditor's performance, and how they have contributed 
to the quality of the audit and the integrity of the financial information. 
Other roles: 
(t) 
To report to the Board of Directors on all matters where so required by law, the By-laws and the 
Board Regulations, in particular with regard to:

--- Page 100 ---
- 94- 
 
 
(i) 
the economic conditions and the impact on accounting matters and, where applicable, on 
the proposed exchange ratio, of structural and corporate modifications which ACS plans 
to carry out; 
(ii) 
the creation or acquisition of investments in special purpose vehicles registered in 
countries or territories listed as tax havens; and 
(iii) 
related-party transactions. 
The stipulations of paragraphs k), l), m) and n) above apply without prejudice to prevailing legislation 
governing auditing. 
In addition to the above responsibilities, the Audit Committee will supervise compliance with corporate 
governance and sustainability in environmental and social matters, with the following duties corresponding 
thereto: 
(a) 
Supervising compliance with the rules of corporate governance and the internal codes of conduct 
of ACS, as well as ensuring that the corporate culture is aligned with its purpose and values. 
(b) 
Supervising the application of the general policy regarding the communication of economic-
financial, non-financial and corporate information, as well as communication with shareholders 
and investors, voting advisors and other interest groups. The way in which ACS communicates 
and engages with small and medium sized shareholders will also be monitored. 
(c) 
The evaluation and periodic review of the ACS' system of corporate governance and its 
environmental and social policy, in order to ensure that it fulfills its mission of furthering the 
corporate interest and takes into account, as appropriate, the legitimate interests of other 
stakeholders. 
(d) 
Ensuring that ACS' environmental and social practices are in line with the defined strategy and 
policy. 
(e) 
Supervising and assessment of the relationship processes with the different groups of interest. 
Appointment Committee 
The Appointment Committee is made up of a Chairman and a minimum of two members appointed by the 
Board of Directors from among its members. At least two of the members, as well as the Chairman of this 
Committee, must be independent Board members. The Appointment Committee must meet at least twice a 
year. 
The following table describes the composition of the Appointment Committee of the Issuer as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Class 
Catalina Miñarro Brugarolas  
Chairman 
Independent 
Mariano Hernández Herreros 
Member 
Proprietary 
Javier Echenique Landiribar  
Member 
Proprietary 
Carmen Fernández Rozado 
Member 
Independent 
Joan David Grima Terre 
Member 
Other External  
Pedro José López Jiménez 
Member 
Other External 
 
According to the new Board of Directors Regulations, the responsibilities of the Appointment Committee 
include: 
Regarding the members of the Board of Directors: 
(a) 
To evaluate the capabilities, expertise and experience required by the Board of Directors. For these 
purposes, the Appointments and Remuneration Committee shall define the necessary skills and 
abilities of the candidates to cover any vacancy and shall evaluate the time and dedication required 
to discharge the related duties effectively, ensuring that non-executive Directors have sufficient 
time available to perform their duties properly.

--- Page 101 ---
- 95- 
 
 
For these purposes, the Committee shall prepare and periodically update a matrix with the 
necessary competences of the Board that defines the skills and knowledge of the candidates for 
Directors, especially those of executives and independent Directors. 
(b) 
To make proposals to the Board of Directors for the appointment of independent Directors by co-
option or by approval at the Shareholders' General Meeting, as well as proposals for the re-election 
or removal of such Board Members by the Shareholders' General Meeting. 
(c) 
Verify the category of Directors on an annual basis. 
Regarding the selection of Directors and Senior Management: 
(d) 
To make proposals for the appointment of other Board Members by co-option or by approval at 
the Shareholders' General Meeting, as well as proposals for the re-election or removal of such 
Board Members by the General Shareholders' Meeting.  
(e) 
To make proposals for the appointment of the remaining Directors for their appointment by co-
option or for their submission to the decision of the General Shareholders' Meeting, as well as 
proposals for their reelection or separation by the General Meeting. 
(f) 
To make proposals for appointing and separating Senior Management, especially those who will 
form part of the Group Management Committee and to propose the basic terms and conditions of 
their contracts, in coordination, if necessary, with the Remuneration Committee. 
(g) 
Periodically checking the criteria for selecting Directors. 
Regarding the positions of the Board: 
(h) 
Reporting the proposals for the appointment of the Chairman and, where appropriate, Vice-
chairman of the Board. 
(i) 
Reporting the proposals for appointing the Secretary and, if applicable, the Deputy Secretaries of 
the Board of Directors. 
(j) 
Proposing, if applicable, the appointment of the coordinating Director.  
(k) 
Examining and organizing the succession of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the first 
ACS executive and, if applicable, making proposals to the Board of Directors for said succession 
to take place in an orderly and planner manner, making a succession plan to this end. 
Other functions: 
(l) 
Lead, in coordination with the Chairman of the Board and with the collaboration, where appropriate, 
of the coordinating Director, the annual assessment of the Board regarding the operation and 
composition of the same, its Committees and the Directors of ACS. 
(m) 
Periodically design and organize knowledge update programs for Directors, in coordination, if 
necessary, with the Remuneration Committee. 
(n) 
To ensure that potential conflicts of interest do not adversely affect the independence of external 
advice provided to the Committee. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee is made up of a Chairman and a minimum of two members appointed by the 
Board of Directors from amongst its members. At least two of the members, as well as the Chairman of this 
Committee, must be independent Board members. The Remuneration Committee must meet at least twice 
a year.

--- Page 102 ---
- 96- 
 
 
The following table describes the composition of the Remuneration Committee of the Issuer as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Class 
Antonio Botella García 
Chairman 
Independent 
Emilio García Gallego 
Member 
Independent 
María Soledad Pérez Rodríguez 
Member 
Proprietary 
Miguel Roca Junyent 
Member 
Other External 
Jose Eladio Seco Dominguez 
Member 
Independent 
  
According to the new Board of Directors Regulations the responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee 
include: 
(a) 
To report to the Board of Directors on policy regarding the remuneration of directors and general 
managers or other persons discharging senior management functions and reporting directly to the 
Board of Directors, executive committees or Executive Board Members, and to verify compliance 
with the policy established. 
(b) 
To make proposals on the distribution of the overall remuneration agreed upon by the shareholders 
at the General Meeting, between the members of the Board of Directors. 
(c) 
To make proposals on individual remuneration and other contractual conditions for members of 
the Executive Board, as well as to propose the basic terms and conditions of the contracts of the 
Senior Management on remuneration, on coordination, as necessary, with the Appointments 
Committee, checking that they are consistent with the applicable remuneration policies. 
(d) 
To propose long-term plans that may be established in accordance with share value, such as stock 
option plans. 
(e) 
Periodically review the remuneration policy applied to Board Members and Senior Management, 
including share-based remuneration systems and their application, if any, and to provide assurance 
that individual remuneration is proportionate and in line with the compensation paid to other 
Directors and Senior Management of ACS. 
(f) 
To verify information on the remuneration of Board Members and Senior Management contained 
in the different corporate documents, including the Annual Report on Board Members’ 
Remuneration. 
(g) 
To ensure that potential conflicts of interest do not adversely affect the independence of external 
advice provided to the Committee. 
Insofar as may be necessary, and with any necessary adaptations, the functioning of the Appointments and 
Remuneration Committees shall be governed by the provisions of these Rules regulating the functioning of 
the Board of Directors. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group employed a total of 179,539 people. The following table sets out a 
breakdown, by business unit, of the Group's employees as at 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020: 
 
31 December 2018 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2020 
Infrastructure ................................................................  
68,540 
65,123 
57,597 
Industrial Services ........................................................  
51,672 
46,366 
45,426 
Services ........................................................................  
75,197 
78,889 
76,462 
Corporation ..................................................................  
52 
53 
54 
Total ............................................................................  
195,461 
190,431 
179,539 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
There exist no conflicts of interest between the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the 
Issuer and there exist no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of any

--- Page 103 ---
- 97- 
 
 
members of such administrative, management or supervisory bodies and their private interests and/or other 
duties. 
Transactions with Related Parties 
All related-party transactions executed in the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and up to the date of 
this Base Prospectus were undertaken in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and were performed 
on an arm's-length basis. 
Litigation 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is subject to contingent liabilities of various types arising 
from litigation or administrative or contentious proceedings, which the Directors consider it is reasonable 
to consider will not have a material effect on the Group's economic and financial position or solvency, and 
provisions have been made for such liabilities insofar as they may have a material adverse effect. 
Although there are a number of outstanding lawsuits, the Issuer believes that such lawsuits, except those 
outlined in this section, are for non-material amounts when considered individually based on the size of the 
Group. 
Periodic changes to these provisions are made based on an analysis of the lawsuits or claims in progress, 
according to the reports prepared by the legal advisers of the Group. As in the case of provisions for taxes, 
these amounts are not updated to the extent that the time at which the risk arises or disappears depends on 
circumstances linked to judgments or arbitration, meaning it is impossible to determine the date on which 
they will be resolved. Additionally, these provisions are not derecognised until the judgments handed down 
are final and payment is made, or until there is no doubt as to the disappearance of the associated risk. 
Escal UGS 
Regarding the hibernation of the underground gas storage facilities ("Castor") and the compensation to be 
paid to Enagás Transporte S.A.U., which was agreed by a decree-law ("DL") of the Spanish government, 
in December 2017, the Constitutional Court declared that the reasons for urgency and necessity required 
by the Constitution for the executive power to legislate by DL did not exist. During the required process of 
approval for a new regulation (with the force of Law), the Group could suffer reputational damage if this 
issue is connected with the initial concessionaire firm of Castor, Escal UGS, S.L. ("Escal"), (a company in 
which the Group had a stake) in the media. In addition, in October 2018, the National Commission on 
Markets and Competition (Comisión Nacional de Mercados y la Competencia) ("CNMC") notified Escal 
of the initiation of the ex officio review procedure to investigate the definitive settlement of the regulated 
activities of the natural gas sector in relation to the payments made to Escal. Escal presented arguments 
against the appropriateness of the review. On 7 February 2019, a proposal was received for a resolution 
according to which these allegations were not accepted. On 8 July 2019, CNMC notified Escal of the 
decision dated 5 July in which it declared the 2014, 2016 and 2017 settlements null and void, with respect 
to the recognition by Escal of the amounts of financial remuneration established in Article 4.3 of Royal 
Decree Law 13/2014, and notified it of the obligation to reimburse the total amount of €209.7 million. On 
26 July 2019, Escal filed an appeal for judicial review and precautionary measures. On 7 October 2019, 
ACS was notified that the suspension requested by Escal as part of the precautionary measures was not 
applicable. In line with the opinion of its external lawyers, the Group considers that it has a legal right to 
collect the amounts claimed by the CNMC, which were already collected at the time, regardless of whether 
the mechanism used by the Administration is considered inadequate. These proceedings are currently 
awaiting a vote and a ruling.  
A procedure of Preliminary Proceedings 140/2015 was initiated in the Court of Instruction nº 4 of Vinarós, 
as a result of the complaint filed by the Public Prosecutor's Office, among others, against all the members 
of the Board of Directors of Escal, as well as against the entity itself (which is also under investigation in 
the proceedings), for an alleged crime against the environment and natural resources. In the instruction 
phase of the procedure, agreed witness and expert proceedings were carried out at the request of the Public 
Prosecutor's Office and Escal. Both Escal and the State's Attorney presented, at the end of the proceedings, 
a statement of defence, requesting the dismissal of the proceedings. In turn, the Public Prosecutor's Office 
presented a document requesting that the case be continued through the Abbreviated Proceedings. Finally, 
on 15 October 2019, the Court issued an order in which it agreed to continue the proceedings through the 
Abbreviated Procedure, as it considered that there were indications of a potential crime against the

--- Page 104 ---
- 98- 
 
 
environment by Escal and two of its directors. On 15 July 2020 the Court requested a bond of approximately 
23 million euros, which was provided by Escal in a timely manner. Currently, the case has been referred to 
Section One of the Provincial Court of Castellón, which will be responsible for its prosecution. 
TP Ferro  
After failure to agree a restructuring of the TP Ferro project with the Spanish and French authorities and 
the financing banks, a bankruptcy procedure was filed, and a judge adopted a liquidation resolution for TP 
Ferro on 15 September 2016. Afterwards, both the Spanish and French authorities declared the 
administrative termination of the concession, and on 20 December 2016 the reversion of the concession to 
both countries was signed. In July 2018, the Spanish and French authorities concluded that in their 
interpretation of the concession contract, the concessionaire must pay just over €75 million to the grantor 
States. This decision led to the commencement of international arbitration by the insolvency administration 
of the company TP Ferro against the grantor States. The insolvency administration filed ACS' claim on 15 
July 2020 once the arbitration panel was definitely formed, the first hearing of the case having been called 
to be held online on 29 April 2021. 
This process has been without consequences to the Group insofar since: (i) the amount claimed from TP 
Ferro is provisional, (ii) the Group is not a party to the arbitration proceedings and has not been sued by the 
grantor States as part of this dispute, (iii) more than three years after the entry into liquidation, no action 
has been taken against the Group companies to claim any amount and (iv) the insolvency proceedings of 
TP Ferro have been classified as "fortuitous" (fortuito), without any creditor having filed a claim.  
Metro de Lima 
In connection with the concession contract for the Lima Metro Line 2 Project in Peru, the concession 
company Metro de Lima Línea 2, S.A. (in which Iridium Concesiones de Infraestructuras, S.A. holds 25% 
of the shares) filed a request for arbitration against the Republic of Peru (Ministry of Transport and 
Communications) before the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and 
Nationals of other States for serious breaches of the concession contract. Through the brief filed by the 
concessionaire in January 2018 and the reply filed by the concessionaire in November 2018, a request has 
been made for an extension of the execution period of the works of the project and compensation for 
damages in excess of €700 million, which includes damages for the various affected parties involved in the 
project (concessionaire, construction group, rolling stock supplier, etc.). In the statement of defence made 
by the Republic of Peru in response to the lawsuit in May 2018 and the claim filed in February 2019, Peru 
has rejected the claims, and has included a countersuit against the concessionaire company claiming an 
amount in excess of €700 million for socio-economic and environmental damages caused by the delay in 
putting the project into operation. Both the claim filed by the concessionaire against the Republic of Peru 
and the counterclaim of the Peruvian State against the concessionaire are consolidated in a single ICSID 
arbitration proceeding.  As part of the normal course of the proceedings, during the first half of May 2019, 
the evidentiary hearing took place in Washington where testimony was taken from various witnesses, two 
rounds of written submissions were filed during June and July 2019 in relation to issues raised during the 
evidentiary hearing, and closing briefs were filed by both the concessionaire company and the State of Peru 
on 20 September 2019. It is estimated that the arbitral award could be issued during the first half of 2021. 
Hidronostrum  
In a Court Order dated 28 April 2016 issued by Trial Court Nº5 (Juzgado de Instrucción Nº5) of Murcia, 
the court agreed to initiate preliminary proceedings (number 956/2016), which opened a confidential 
judicial investigation (secreto sumario) into a subsidiary of the Issuer. The confidential judicial 
investigation (secreto sumario) was adjourned by a Court Order dated 7 March 2018, which was 
acknowledged by the Issuer on 21 March 2018. 
The Preliminary Proceeding, regarding alleged offences of perverting the course of justice and 
embezzlement in relation to the acquisition of the company Desaladora de Escombreras, S.A. by the state-
owned entity Hidronostrum, S.A., concluded by Resolution of the Court on 3 March 2020. In this 
Resolution the transformation of the Proceeding to the rules of the Abbreviated Procedure against certain 
persons and with respect to different companies, one of which is Hydro Management, S.L., as a party for 
subsidiary civil liability was agreed. Currently, several parties have filed appeals against this Resolution 
and these are pending resolution.

--- Page 105 ---
- 99- 
 
 
In addition, and with respect to the Separate Piece of Protective Measures, the Murcia Provincial Court has 
issued orders, notified on 6 and 11 March 2020, rejecting in their entirety the appeals filed by the 
Autonomous Community of the Region of Murcia and by the Public Prosecutor's Office, respectively, 
against the order issued by Murcia Investigating Court No. 5. 
Radial Highways III and V and Radial Highway II 
In relation to the Group's investment in Alazor (highways R3 and R5), the relevant financial institutions 
filed a declaratory action, which was notified to the shareholders in October 2013. After abandoning the 
appeal they had filed against the dismissal of the appeal in September 2018, the funds acquiring the 
receivables filed a new declaratory action, which was notified to ACS and Desarrollo de Concesiones 
Viarias Uno, S.L. ("DCVU") in January 2019. In this new declaratory action, they invoked Clause 2 of the 
Shareholders' Support Agreement to claim payment of €757 million from the shareholders of Alazor and 
their respective guarantors (€169 million would correspond to the Group).  After the corresponding 
response to the claim was filed, Madrid Court of First Instance No. 13 set a hearing for 7 September 2020. 
After formalising the defence to the claim and holding the corresponding preliminary hearing (which took 
place on 8 March 2021), Madrid Court of First Instance no. 13 has set 29 November 2021 as the date for 
the oral trial. 
The enforcement action notified in February 2014 was dismissed and the €278.37 million deposited in the 
Court's account was returned (of which €87.85 million corresponded to the Group). Later, the shareholders 
claimed €31.71 million in compensation for damages (€11.32 million corresponded to the Group). In light 
of the opposition of the investment funds, Madrid Court of First Instance no. 51 has agreed to appoint an 
ex officio expert to rule on this issue. On 10 March 2021, an oral hearing was held on this litigation, and 
the procedural incident was scheduled for resolution. 
These same investment funds have also filed a second claim, this time declaratory, which was notified to 
ACS and DCVU in May 2019, in which they claim payment of €562.5 million from the shareholders of 
Alazor and their respective guarantors (€133 million would correspond to the Group).  After the 
corresponding response to the claim was filed, Madrid Court of First Instance no. 26 set a hearing that took 
place on 16 December 2020 and the verbal trial has been scheduled for 16 June 2021. 
In relation to the Group's investment in Irasa (R2 toll road), it should be noted that in September 2019 ACS 
and DCVU were notified of the filing by the creditor funds of a declaratory action in which, invoking clause 
two of the Shareholders' Undertakings Agreement, they claimed from the shareholders of Irasa and their 
respective guarantors, the filing by the creditor funds of a declaratory action in which, invoking the second 
clause of the Shareholders' Undertakings Agreement, they claimed from the shareholders of Irasa and their 
respective guarantors the payment of a total of 551.50 million euros (193 million euros corresponding to 
the Group) to cover construction cost overruns and expropriations. Following the formal defence to the 
claim, Madrid Court of First Instance no. 37 has set 7 February 2022 as the date for the preliminary hearing 
and 23 May 2022 as the date for the oral trial. 
With regard to the insolvency proceedings, it should be noted that the insolvency proceedings of Henarsa, 
Irasa, Accesos de Madrid and Alazor were all declared fortuitous. The insolvency administrations of 
Henarsa and Accesos de Madrid handed over the operation of the R2, R3 and R5 motorways to the State 
by deeds dated 28 February and 9 May 2018, respectively, and management is carried out by the Ministry 
of Public Works through SEITTSA, by virtue of an agreement signed in August 2017 which has been 
extended until 2022. 
CNMC Resolutions 
In December 2015, the CNMC issued a resolution on the matter involving several companies, including 
Dragados, for alleged anti-competitive practices in relation to the modular construction business. The 
decision, which amounts to €8.6 million, was appealed in 2016. Resolution has not taken place as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
On 1 October 2018, proceedings were opened against Dragados and other companies for possible 
infringements of Article 1 of the Law on the Defence of Competition and Article 101 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, consisting of agreements and exchanges of information between these 
companies in the area of tenders called by the different Public Administrations in Spain, for the construction 
and refurbishment of infrastructures and buildings. On 16 July 2020, the aforementioned case was declared

--- Page 106 ---
- 100- 
 
 
to have lapsed, although on 6 August 2020, notification was given of the initiation of a new case for the 
same facts as the lapsed case. On 16 September 2020, Dragados filed a contentious-administrative appeal 
against the resolution decreeing the lapsing, which was admitted on 9 October 2020 and the claim was 
formalised on 16 December 2020. 
In relation to the sanctioning file S/DC/0614/17, Railway Security and Communications, opened on 27 
August 2018 against Cobra Instalaciones y Servicios S.A. ("Cobra") by the Competition Directorate of the 
CNMC. The object of said sanctioning file includes the possible participation of Cobra in the distribution 
of tenders for the supply, installation, commissioning and maintenance of safety, traffic control and 
management, communications and railway protection systems for the conventional and high-speed railway 
network in Spain. A Statement of Objections was drawn up on 15 September 2020, and a statement of 
objections was submitted on 16 October 2020. 
On 14 March 2019, the CNMC issued a resolution imposing fines on certain companies, four of them within 
the Group (Cobra, Sociedad Española de Montajes Industriales, S.A. ("Semi"), Control y Montajes 
Industriales, S.A ("Cymi") and Electrén, S.A.) for an aggregate amount of €51.36 million. These fines 
relate to the findings that certain conduct could have led to the falsification of the competence of different 
companies within the electromechanic and railroad installations sector in public tenders by Adif-Alta 
Velocidad and Renfe in the period between 2002 and 2015. The CNMC has communicated the resolution 
to the National Consulting Council for Public Tenders (Junta Consultiva de Contratación Pública del 
Estado) in order to initiate the proceedings prohibiting these companies in the public sector, with the scope 
to be determined by that council. During May 2019, each of the aforementioned subsidiaries filed the 
corresponding appeals against the Resolution with the National Court, requesting the precautionary 
suspension of payment of the sanctions, which was granted subject to the presentation of a guarantee of 
payment.  
In July 2019, the CNMC commenced a sanction proceeding against 13 companies responsible for the 
maintenance and operation of Spain's Highway Network (Red de Carreteras del Estado), including Api 
Movilidad, S.A. ("API") (Silida, a subsidiary of ACS) and ACS. The object of this sanctioning file includes 
the possible participation of API in anti-competitive practices consisting of the distribution of tenders for 
the provision of services for the maintenance and operation of the State Road Network called by the 
Ministry of Public Works and Transport. In January 2021, API submitted the corresponding allegations to 
the statement of objections sent by the CNMC. To date, the CNMC has not yet issued a resolution proposal. 
On 1 October 2019, the CNMC issued a ruling in which it concluded that the group's subsidiaries 
Mantenimiento y Ayuda a la Explotación y Servicios, S.A. ("MAESSA"), Mantenimiento y Montajes 
Industriales, S.A. ("MASA") and Moncobra, S.A. ("Moncobra") had allegedly participated, together with 
other companies, in a cartel in Spain consisting of price fixing and the distribution of tenders for the 
provision of industrial assembly and maintenance services. The ruling imposed financial penalties totalling 
€18 million. Moncobra has not been financially sanctioned as it considers that the alleged infringement is 
time-barred. Each of the aforementioned subsidiaries has filed the corresponding appeals against the 
resolution with the national court of justice, requesting the precautionary suspension of payment of the 
penalties. These precautionary payment suspensions were granted subject to the presentation of a guarantee 
or guarantee of payment. 
Global Tech I 
A stayed arbitration relates to the construction of an offshore wind park in the North Sea. HOCHTIEF 
Infrastructure ("HTI") claims that the termination by the client, Global Tech I Offshore Wind GmbH 
("GTOW"), based on HTI's withdrawal of the installation vessel was unjustified since delays and variations 
caused by GTOW shifted the installation process beyond the end of the charter agreement. HTI demands 
compensation in the amount of €200.8 million. GTOW counterclaims €101.3 million. The parties have 
reached a final and binding settlement agreement. The effectiveness is subject to board approval by each 
side. 
Rastatt Tunnel Project 
A joint venture, consisting of Ed. Züblin AG and HOCHTIEF Solutions AG, is building the Rastatt tunnel 
on behalf of DB Netz AG as a subproject of the expansion/new construction of the rail route Karlsruhe – 
Basel. On 12 August 2017, the tunnel, which had already been partly built in the area underneath the 
existing and operating Rheintalbahn railway, suffered an accident. The accident led to subsidence on the

--- Page 107 ---
- 101- 
 
 
surface of the construction site, which necessitated the closure of the existing Rheintalbahn. Work was 
performed to secure the site and the damaged railway lines were restored to enable the Rheintalbahn to 
recommence operations. Rail traffic was interrupted between 12 August 2017 and 1 October 2017. 
The accident not only caused physical damage to the structure itself but also financial damage because the 
Rheintalbahn was closed. The joint venture does not yet have any information on how much damage was 
caused by the closure of the Rheintalbahn. 
To clarify the cause of the accident and the responsibility for its occurrence, the joint venture and DB Netz 
AG agreed to an extrajudicial dispute resolution process, which has not yet been completed. The 
investigations and gathering of evidence are currently still being carried out, so consequently no final 
findings have been produced on the cause of the accident, and no conclusions have been drawn regarding 
how the parties to the construction contract contributed to the cause of the accident. 
Fraud Investigations 
In February 2012, CIMIC announced to the Australian Stock Exchange that it had reported to the Australian 
Federal Police ("AFP") a possible breach by employees within the Leighton International business of its 
Code of Ethics. The AFP is now investigating the Group's international operations. In March 2014, the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") announced that it had commenced a formal 
investigation relating to the abovementioned AFP investigations. In March 2017, ASIC has now advised 
CIMIC that its investigation has concluded and it will take no further action. Further, CIMIC has become 
aware that the UK Serious Fraud Office ("SFO") and the U.S. Department of Justice are inquiring into 
related matters. The SFO has announced it has charged individuals, neither of whom are employees of 
CIMIC, and a company, which is not a member of CIMIC, with offences. Those matters have been tried in 
the UK Crown Court. In July 2020, the UK crown court announced that in June 2020, the jury had reached 
a guilty determination on some charges but was unable to reach a verdict on others. Two individuals were 
found guilty of some charges and sentenced to imprisonment. Another defendant is to be retried in January 
2021. In March 2019, CIMIC entered into an investigation agreement with the DOJ. In October 2019, the 
DOJ announced that in March 2019, three individuals not employed by CIMIC pleaded guilty to a charge 
of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
In November 2020, the AFP advised CIMIC that it had charged an ex-employee with alleged offences 
relating to foreign bribery and related matters. In January 2021, the AFP informed CIMIC, that it had 
charged a second ex-employee with related offences. The AFP has also indicated it may charge a further 
ex-employee. CIMIC does not know when the charges will be heard. No CIMIC company, executive or 
current employee has been charged. CIMIC continues to cooperate with all official investigations.  
Baltic 2 Foundations Steel Supplier (Lot 1 and Lot 3) 
Two parallel arbitrations are ongoing in connection with the construction of an offshore wind park in the 
Baltic Sea. Both arbitrations commenced in 2016 and are directed against the Baltic 2 joint venture (HTI 
participation: 50 percent). The first arbitration was initiated by Bladt Industries A/S ("BI"), the steel 
supplier for Lot 1, and the second arbitration by the steel supplier for Lot 3, a consortium comprising Bladt 
Industries A/S and EEW GmbH ("BI Consortium"). The first arbitration primarily relates to delays in BI's 
delivery of jackets for wind turbines. The total amount claimed in this arbitration (comprising claims and 
counterclaims) is €102 million. The second arbitration primarily relates to delays caused by the late delivery 
of monopiles for wind turbines. The total amount claimed in the second arbitration (comprising claims and 
counterclaims) is €78.3 million. Proceedings in both arbitrations are still ongoing. Final decisions are not 
expected before 2022 regarding Lot 2 and 2023 regarding Lot 1. 
Hurricane Sandy 
New York University ("NYU") filed a lawsuit in October 2015 against Turner as the general contractor on 
three separate projects with a total amount in dispute of U.S.$1.4 billion. The university claims that when 
hurricane Sandy caused the New York East River to overflow, the allegedly negligent and non-conforming 
work of Turner allowed river water into certain university buildings causing significant property damage 
and loss of business. The case is near the end of the discovery phase with respect to NYU.  In October 2020, 
Turner filed a third-party complaint for contribution against NYU's designers. NYU filed a motion to 
dismiss/sever the third-party complaint, but the court has yet to rule on the motion.  In anticipation of a trial 
in late 2021, Turner has supplemented its litigation team to add the law firm Paul Weiss as trial counsel.

--- Page 108 ---
- 102- 
 
 
Hard Rock Hotel  
The owner of the Hard Rock Hotel San Diego, T-12 Three, brought a lawsuit against Turner in Orange 
County Superior Court in October 2011 for alleged construction defects and consequential damages, 
claiming damages of U.S.$93 million. In August 2020, the parties entered into a settlement agreement to 
resolve the matter, and the case has been dismissed.   
Alto Maipo Hydro Electric Power Project in Chile, ICC Arbitration 
This arbitration concerns the termination by a client of the Group, Alto Maipo SpA, of the construction 
contract for a tunnel complex forming part of a hydro power plant. Alto Maipo SpA alleges that the 
termination was prompted by the suspension of part of the works by the construction joint venture ("CJV") 
(in which HTI holds a 70% share). Alto Maipo SpA claims payment of U.S.$234.5 million. The CJV argues 
that the termination was wrongful and that it is entitled to damages for its loss of profit and all its past costs 
incurred, or, as a minimum, to be paid for all work performed prior to the termination plus compensation 
for all cost incurred as a result of the termination. The decision is expected for the second quarter 2021.  
Benson Industries 
Benson Industries ("Benson") is the curtainwall subcontractor for Turner on a project at Memorial Sloan 
Kettering Hospital ("MSK") in New York, New York. Benson has incurred a cost overrun and in April 
2019, Benson filed a lawsuit against Turner seeking damages in excess of U.S.$50 million. On 16 June 
2019, Turner filed its answer to the lawsuit denying the allegations and any responsibility for Benson's cost 
overruns and filed a counterclaim against Benson seeking damages in excess of U.S.$60 million due to 
Benson's numerous defaults and breaches of its subcontract with Turner. In addition, Turner has filed a 
lawsuit against MSK seeking damages and indemnification/contribution from MSK in relation to this 
project, against which MSK asserted a counterclaim against Turner seeking U.S.$39 million in damages. 
MSK has also filed a lawsuit against the project designer seeking indemnification for Turner's claims. The 
consolidated case is in the discovery phase, which has advanced slowly due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Los Angeles Worldwide Airports Midfield Satellite Concourse North 
In January 2015, Turner-PCL, a Joint Venture ("TPJV") entered into a design-build agreement with Los 
Angeles World Airports ("LAWA") for the design and construction of the Midfield Satellite Concourse 
North. The project recently achieved Substantial Completion, but there are numerous major change order 
requests still pending with LAWA, including requests for costs arising from new legal requirements related 
to the COVID-19 pandemic. TPJV has submitted these change order requests to the dispute resolution 
procedure set forth in the contract, but litigation has not been initiated at this time. Additionally, a number 
of subcontractors have submitted claims to TPJV for impacts associated with piling issues that occurred 
early in the project. TPJV is pursuing recovery of the impacts from this to from potentially responsible 
parties and available insurance policies. 
Gorgon LNG Jetty and Marine Structures Project in Australia, Chevron Arbitration 
According to information available to the Hochtief group, on 9 February 2016, CPB Contractors Pty Ltd, a 
wholly owned subsidiary of CIMIC, issued together with its consortium partners, Saipem SA and Saipem 
Portugal Comercio Maritime LDA (together the "Consortium"), a notice of dispute to its customer Chevron 
Australia Pty Ltd ("Chevron") in connection with the Gorgon LNG Jetty and Marine Structure Project 
relating to change order requests. Following a period of prescribed negotiation, the parties entered into a 
private arbitration as contractually agreed. Contract assets of the Hochtief group as at 31 December 2019 
include an amount of AUD 1.15 billion relating to this project. This arbitration has now been concluded, 
and the Arbitral Tribunal issued an award of AUD 78 million to the Consortium and counterclaim of 
AUD 35 million to Chevron. CIMIC's share of the net award along with certain legal expenses attributable 
to the arbitration process, has resulted in a one-off reduction in revenue and contract asset recognized in 
the period of AUD 1.15 billion representing CPB Contractors Pty Ltd's full exposure.  
Middle East Investment class action suit 
In August 2020, CIMIC announced to the ASX, that it has been served with a class action proceeding filed 
in the Victorian register of the Federal Court. The claim is brought on behalf of some shareholders who 
purchased shares in the period between 7 February 2018 and 22 January 2020 and relates to disclosures

--- Page 109 ---
- 103- 
 
 
about CIMIC's non-controlling 45% investment in the Middle East as well as the reporting of CIMIC's cash 
flows on the context of factoring arrangements.  
CCPP Contract 
UGL, a wholly owned subsidiary of CIMIC, together with its consortium partners CH2M Hill Companies 
Limited (CH2M) and General Electric Company, were contracted by JKC Australia LNG Pty Ltd (JKC) to 
carry out works relating to the construction of a combined cycle power plant for the Ichthys LNG Project 
in the Northern Territory. In January 2017, the UGL-CH2M JV Consortium terminated their contract with 
JKC for the design, construction and commissioning of the combined cycle power plant (CCPP Contract). 
Arbitration hearings in respect of the termination of the CCPP Contract are scheduled to commence in April 
2021 and a decision is currently expected in late 2022. 
Westgate Tunnel 
CIMIC's wholly owned subsidiary, CPB Contractors, and its joint venture partner John Holland, are 
contracted to provide the Westgate Tunnel for Transurban and the State of Victoria. Due to an inability to 
remove spoil from the site as a result of soil contaminates, a dispute has arisen between the parties primarily 
as to the disclosure of soil contaminants and which party is liable for the cost of the disposing thereof. The 
parties are engaged in a process to seek to resolve the dispute, including as a first step, participating in a 
non-binding independent expert process which is expected to conclude in the second quarter of 2021. If 
this fails to resolve the matter, the parties may elect to proceed with further steps as set out under the terms 
of the contract. 
Intellectual and industrial property 
The trademarks of the Issuer and the Group are protected on a domestic, European Union and international 
level in a broad range of classes in international patent registers. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
there were no proceedings or other litigation in connection with the Issuer's or the Group's trademarks. 
Credit Rating 
On 9 March 2021, the Issuer has been assigned a short-term credit rating of A-3 (stable outlook) and a long-
term credit rating of BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P.

--- Page 110 ---
- 104- 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain EU and Spanish tax considerations relating to the Notes.  
It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments 
of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the 
tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation in Spain 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided 
below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently applicable in the 
Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, 
which could be made with retroactive effect. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
If: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the management, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions ("Law 10/2014"), as well as Royal Decree 
1065/2007 ("Royal Decree 1065/ 2007"), of 27 July establishing information obligations in 
relation to preferential holdings and other debt instruments and certain income obtained by 
individuals resident in the European Union and other tax rules as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 of 29 July; 
(b) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income Tax") 
tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial amendment 
of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law as 
amended (the "Personal Income Tax Law"), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 
promulgating the Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 
June on Wealth Tax as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax 
as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax ("Corporate 
Income Tax") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November of the Corporate Income Tax Law, and 
Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations (the 
"Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-resident 
income tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 
March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law as amended (the 
"NRIT Law"), and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-Resident Income 
Tax Regulations as amended ("Non-Resident Income Tax Law"), along with Law 19/1991, of 6 
June on Wealth Tax as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax 
as amended. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a "Beneficial 
Owner"), the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example 
exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated 
by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance 
with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax. 
1. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.1 
Individual Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas)

--- Page 111 ---
- 105- 
 
 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to 
third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income Tax Law, 
and should be included in each investor's taxable savings and taxed at the tax rate applicable from 
time to time, currently 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000.00, 21 per cent. for taxable 
income between €6,000.01 and €50,000.00, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 
and €200,000.00, and 26 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €200,000.00. As a general rule, 
both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the current rate of 19 per cent.  
According to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, the Issuer will make interest 
payments to individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without withholding 
provided that the relevant information about the Notes set out in Annex I is submitted by the Fiscal 
Agent in a timely manner. In addition, income obtained upon transfer, redemption or exchange of 
the Notes may also be paid without withholding. 
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the current applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have 
to be deducted by other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided 
that such entities are resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in 
Spanish territory. 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax 
liability for the relevant fiscal year. 
1.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain will be subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net 
worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value 
of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 
0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
1.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional or federal rules. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable 
tax rates currently range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent. Relevant factors applied (such as 
previous net wealth or family relationship among transferor and transferee) determine the final 
effective tax rate that range, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, between 0 per cent. and 81.6 
per cent. 
2. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third 
parties of own capital and would have to be included in profit and taxable income of legal entities 
with tax residency in Spain for Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") purposes in accordance with the 
rules for Corporate Income Tax. In accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 
27 July, there is no obligation to withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which for 
the sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension 
funds). Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold on interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers 
provided that the relevant information about the Notes set out in Annex I is submitted by the Fiscal 
Agent in a timely manner. The current general tax rate according to CIT Law is 25 per cent. 
However, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to 
withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent., withholding that will be made by the depositary 
or custodian, if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling

--- Page 112 ---
- 106- 
 
 
issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and 
require a withholding to be made. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors 
against its final CIT liability. 
2.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market 
value of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
3. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will 
not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or 
legal entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income 
deriving from such Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax 
taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who have no tax residency in 
Spain, and which are Non- Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent 
establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax. In order for such 
exemption to apply it is necessary to comply with the information procedures, in the 
manner detailed under "-Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments-" as 
set out in article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be 
exercised within the Spanish territory exceed €700,000 would be subject to Wealth Tax, the 
applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to the Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. 
Individuals that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes but who are resident in an EU or 
European Economic Area member State may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region 
where the assets and rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be exercised or (iii) must be 
fulfilled. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax.

--- Page 113 ---
- 107- 
 
 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double 
tax treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to 
inheritance and gift tax in accordance with Spanish legislation. 
However, if the deceased, heir or the donee are resident in an EU or European Economic Area 
member State, depending on the specific situation, the applicable rules will be those corresponding 
to the relevant autonomous regions according to the law. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to Non-
Resident Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into 
a double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide 
for the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
4. 
Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to report on 
certain information relating to the Notes. In accordance with Section 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007, for that purpose, certain information with respect to the Notes must be submitted to the 
Issuer before the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or of any 
amounts in respect of the early redemption of the Notes (each, a "Payment Date") is due. 
Such information would be the following: 
(a) 
identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
date on which relevant redemption is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant redemption; and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and 
settlement system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a 
certificate the form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base Prospectus. 
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Notes by the close of business on the Business Day 
immediately preceding each relevant Payment Date. If, despite these procedures, the relevant 
information is not received by the Issuer on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the 
then-applicable rate (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any payment in 
respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information has not been provided. The Issuer 
will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
5. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("EU FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
proposal") for a Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating 
Member State"). However, Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt.

--- Page 114 ---
- 108- 
 
 
Under the Commission's proposal, EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established 
in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" 
in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting 
with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument 
which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the EU FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which, remains 
unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
6. 
The Spanish Financial Transactions Tax (the "Spanish FTT") 
In the case of Spain, the Spanish Parliament has approved Law 5/2020 of 15 October, on the 
financial transactions tax (Ley del Impuesto sobre las Transacciones Financieras) which entered 
into force on 16 January 2021. The Spanish FTT applies on the acquisition of shares (including 
transfer or conversion) of Spanish companies with a market capitalization of more than €1 billion, 
at a tax rate of 0.2%. In principle, the Spanish FTT does not affect transactions involving bonds or 
similar instruments. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the EU FTT and the Spanish FTT. 
7. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, 
or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Spain) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how 
these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 115 ---
- 109- 
 
 
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and such 
translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the 
corresponding English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language 
version of the relevant certificate only.

--- Page 116 ---
- 110- 
 
 
ANNEX I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección 
tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los 
tributos, aprobado por Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento 
General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de 
las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply 
taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1) y domicilio en (   ) en calidad de (marcar la letra 
que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (   )(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax 
identification number (   )(1) and address in (   ) as (function – mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el 
extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación 
y liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Issuing and Paying Agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores………………………………………………… 
1.1 
Identification of the securities ………………………………………………… 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados) ……………………………………

--- Page 117 ---
- 111- 
 
 
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated) 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta 
de las Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo 
reembolso intervenga una Entidad Gestora ………………… 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons 
and segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved …………… 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por 
su importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados). 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total 
amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2. 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores …………………………………………………… 
2.1 
Identification of the securities…………………………………………………….. 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) ……………………………………………………………… 
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
………………………………………………………… 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados)………………………………………………… 
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated) 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en………………a … de………………de … 
I declare the above in …………… on the … of …………… of … 
(1) En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará 
constar el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de 
residencia.

--- Page 118 ---
- 112- 
 
 
(1) In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall 
be included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 119 ---
- 113- 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bayerische Landesbank, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, ING 
Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan AG, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., 
Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed 
by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated 6 May 2021 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued 
by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by 
those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the 
obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and 
addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of 
that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered and sold, and will not offer and sell, Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant 
tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf has 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, and that it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has also 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior 
to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling 
commission, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it a confirmation or notice to substantially 
the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche except in either case in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S." 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 120 ---
- 114- 
 
 
Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is 
one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue

--- Page 121 ---
- 115- 
 
 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Kingdom of Spain  
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed that the offers of the Notes in Spain will be directed 
specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as this term is defined in Article 205 
of the Restated Text of the Spanish Securities Market Law approved by Legislative Royal Decree 4/2015 
(Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del 
Mercado de Valores) (as amended, the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), and Article 58 of Royal Decree 
217/2008, of 15 February, and eligible counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 207 of 
the Spanish Securities Market Law. The Base Prospectus shall not be registered with the Spanish Securities 
Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore the Base Prospectus is not 
intended for any public offer of the Notes in Spain which is not exempted from the prospectus requirements. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic 
of Italy in an offer to the public, and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in 
accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy except: 
(a) 
to "qualified investors"(investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus Regulation and any 
applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 ("Decree No. 58") and 
Italian CONSOB regulations, all as amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the offer restrictions 
applies, as provided under the Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 ("Regulation No. 11971"), as amended from time to time, and the 
applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended, Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and 
any other applicable laws and regulations;

--- Page 122 ---
- 116- 
 
 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the 
Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of 
securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely 
with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 
months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business 
or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to 
claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an 
exemption provided for under the Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 
2017 (as amended), and any codes of conduct or rules issued in connection therewith and any 
conditions, requirements or enactments, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, 
and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(ii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes 
of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) or 
any regulations made pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) 
Act 2013 (as amended); 
(iii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect 
of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market or any delegated or implementing acts relating thereto, the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland, the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) and any 
rules issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) by the Central Bank 
of Ireland; 
(iv) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect 
of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union (Market 
Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended), Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European 
Parliament of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (as amended) and any rules issued 
under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
and 
(v) 
it will ensure that no Notes will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than 12 months 
except in full compliance with Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for

--- Page 123 ---
- 117- 
 
 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(t) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(u) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland  
The offering of any Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as long as such offering is made to 
professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum 
denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be 
admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This 
Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been 
or will be prepared for or in connection with any offering of Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed with the Issuer that it has, to the best of its knowledge 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above.

--- Page 124 ---
- 118- 
 
 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material 
or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 125 ---
- 119- 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of Shareholders' meeting 
held on 29 May 2014 and by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 29 May 2014 and the update 
of the Programme has been duly authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 31 March 
2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
2. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and will be valid for 12 months since the date 
of its approval. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as amended and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and trading on 
its regulated market.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext 
Dublin but which will be listed on such other stock exchanges as the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
3. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its twelve-month validity period. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
4. 
Save as disclosed in the section Litigation on pages 97-103 of this Base Prospectus, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
5. 
Save as disclosed in the risk factor entitled "Negative impacts due to COVID-19 crisis" on page 6 
of this Base Prospectus, since 31 December 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. Since 31 March 2021, there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
6. 
The Spanish language consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020 have been audited and the respective report has been issued, without 
qualification, by KPMG Auditores, S.L. of Paseo de la Castellana, 259 C 28046 Madrid, registered 
with the Madrid Commercial Register under volume 11,961 and sheet M-188007, and registered 
with the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (ROAC) under number S0702 (Registro Oficial 
de Auditores de Cuentas). KPMG Auditores, S.L. is a member of the Instituto de Censores Jurados 
de Cuentas de España.  
Documents on Display 
7. 
Physical copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof where 
applicable) may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent for 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer;

--- Page 126 ---
- 120- 
 
 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2020; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2019; 
(d) 
the 2020 conditions; 
(e) 
the 2019 conditions 
(f) 
the 2018 conditions; 
(g) 
the 2017 conditions; 
(h) 
the 2016 conditions; 
(i) 
the 2015 conditions; 
(j) 
the 2014 conditions; 
(k) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(l) 
the Deed of Covenant; and 
(m) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form). 
The documents referred to at (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), (l) and (m) above may be 
viewed on the website of the Issuer at www.grupoacs.com. 
Clearing of the Notes 
9. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
10. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
11. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions.  
12. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of 
Notes.

--- Page 127 ---
- 121- 
 
 
Material Contracts 
13. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued. 
Third Party Information 
14. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third-party information is 
identified where used. 
Conflicts of Interest 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer 
and/or the Issuer's affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In particular, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under 
the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliates" also includes 
parent companies. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
16. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 95980020140005558665.

--- Page 128 ---
- 122- 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. 
Avenida Pío XII, 102  
28036 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28, 
Edificio Asia 
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11  
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1  
28027 Madrid  
Spain 
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Strasse 18 
80333 Munich 
Germany 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Pintor Sorolla 2-4, 
46002 Valencia  
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
 Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm,  
Taunusanlage 9-10  
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Franfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France

--- Page 129 ---
- 123- 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE LUXEMBOURG 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers and the Arrangers  
as to English and Spanish law: 
 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P.U. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay  
Grand Canal Dock,  
Dublin 2, Ireland