--- Page 1 ---
10227541109-v18 
 
66-41031997 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 9 MAY 2022 
 
ACS, ACTIVIDADES DE CONSTRUCCIÓN Y SERVICIOS, S.A. 
(Incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain) 
€1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central 
Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the requirements of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of the notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date and its approval relates only to the issue of Notes 
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus by ACS, 
Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. (the "Issuer" or "ACS") during the period of twelve months after 
the date hereof which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the "regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin") is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II").  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the notes (the "Notes") issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin.  
References in the Base Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated 
market or a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. This document may be used to list Notes on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin pursuant to the Programme. The Programme provides for Notes to be listed 
on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed €1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, subject to increase as provided herein). The Notes 
will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) 
and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in an EEA state in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms (as defined herein) which, with 
respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank. Copies of the Final Terms

--- Page 2 ---
10227541109-v18 
- ii- 
66-41031997 
 
relating to Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin or offered in circumstances which require a prospectus to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation will be available free of charge, at the website of the Issuer 
(www.grupoacs.com) and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes"). 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
"Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to 
update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"). S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"). 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below.  
Potential investors should note the risks described in summary form regarding certain Spanish tax implications 
and procedures in connection with an investment in the Notes (see "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Notes 
– Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation" and "Taxation – Taxation in Spain"). Noteholders must seek their 
own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes. 
Arranger 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BayernLB 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
Santander 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit 
 
 
9 May 2022

--- Page 3 ---
10227541109-v18 
- iii- 
66-41031997 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus and declares that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or supplemented in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") 
as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to 
make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise stated, information contained in websites and third-party materials 
referred to in this Base Prospectus is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Unauthorised information 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus or any document incorporated herein by reference. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, and 
the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, and other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law

--- Page 4 ---
10227541109-v18 
- iv- 
66-41031997 
 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to U.S. persons.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, constitutes an 
offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be, should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €1,500,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S. $", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States 
dollars, references to "AUS$" are to Australian dollars and references to "€", "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of 
Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Language 
The language of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Prohibition of Sale to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sale to UK Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
10227541109-v18 
- v- 
66-41031997 
 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore  (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer 
will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA 
but which is certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over 
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
10227541109-v18 
 
66-41031997 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 27 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 29 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 34 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 73 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 74 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 88 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 90 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 115 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 123 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 129

--- Page 7 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 1- 
66-41031997 
 
OVERVIEW 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated by 
reference. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
Société Générale  
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Bayerische Landesbank, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank 
N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Société 
Générale and UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent:  
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Listing Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch which is acting 
solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer (and not on its own 
behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market.  
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
as supplemented and/or amended in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking SA, 
Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. From time to 
time the Issuer may increase this amount. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount

--- Page 8 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 2- 
66-41031997 
 
of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical 
terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form 
(a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  
If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms.  
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer (unless 
they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 281 of the restated text 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 
1/2020, of 5 May (texto refundido de la Ley Concursal, aprobado por el 
Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo) or equivalent legal 
provision which replaces it in the future and subject to any legal and 
statutory exceptions) will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future. See Condition 4 (Status). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus. The price and amount of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of

--- Page 9 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 3- 
66-41031997 
 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Notes may also be redeemable in two or more instalments on such dates 
and in such manner as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if 
at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as 
further described in Conditions 8(c) (Par redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), 8(d) (Make-Whole redemption at the option of the Issuer) and 
8(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put)) 
respectively. In each case, the Notes will be redeemed at the Redemption 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
Residual Maturity Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed within the last three months (in the case of Notes 
with a maturity of not more than ten years) or within the last six months 
(in the case of Notes with a maturity of more than ten years) before their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (in whole but not in part) to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as further described in Condition 8(i) (Residual Maturity 
Call Option). 
Substantial Purchase Event 
Redemption: 
In addition, if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus so 
specifies, the Issuer shall have the option, in the event of a Substantial 
Purchase Event, to redeem or purchase the relevant Notes at par plus 
accrued interest, as further described in Condition 8(h) (Redemption 
following a Substantial Purchase Event). 
Redemption on Change of 
Control:  
In addition, if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus so 
specifies, Noteholders shall have the option, in the event of a Put Event, 
to require the Issuer to redeem or purchase the relevant Notes at par plus 
accrued interest, as further described in Condition 8(g) (Redemption or 
Purchase at the option of the Noteholders on a Put Event (Change of 
Control Put)). 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described above, early redemption will only be permitted for 
tax reasons as described in Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Redemption for tax reasons).   
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association,

--- Page 10 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 4- 
66-41031997 
 
Inc. or the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any 
successor thereto), as specified in the relegvant final terms, each as 
published 
by 
ISDA 
(or 
any 
successor) 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of such Series;  or 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). No Notes may be issued 
under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency) in the case of Notes 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market as defined in Article 4, 
paragraph 1, point 21 of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended), or in so 
far as required by all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
Negative Pledge 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge provision as 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation) and as 
described below) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
Information requirements 
under Spanish Tax Law: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended 
by Royal Decree 1145/2011, income obtained in respect of the Notes 
will not be subject to withholding tax in Spain, provided that the Fiscal 
Agent provides the Issuer with certain information relating to the Notes, 
in a timely manner. See "Taxation – Taxation in Spain – Information 
about the Notes in Connection with Payments". 
 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required 
information described under "Taxation — Taxation in Spain —

--- Page 11 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 5- 
66-41031997 
 
Information about the Notes in Connection with payments", the Issuer 
may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
at a rate of 19 per cent.) and may pay income to Noteholders in respect 
of the relevant Notes net of such applicable withholding tax. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Fiscal Agent, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg assumes any responsibility 
therefor. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law. Condition 4 
(Status) is governed by Spanish law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against the Issuer 
will be supported by a Deed of Covenant dated 9 May 2022, a copy of 
which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail 
Investors, the Kingdom of Spain, Japan, Italy, Ireland, Singapore and 
Switzerland, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 12 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 6- 
66-41031997 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
section. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. The Issuer believes that the factors described below 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, but the inability of the Issuer to pay any amounts due on or in connection with any 
Notes or the Deed of Covenant, may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should 
also read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own view prior to 
making any investment decision.  
Under the circumstances described below, potential investors may lose the value of their entire investment 
or part of it. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base 
Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of their financial, accounting, legal and tax 
advisers) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including the Issuer's business risks, 
legal and regulatory risks and economic and market risks, as well as risks relating to the structure of a 
particular issue of Notes, risks related to interest payments, other risks relating to Notes and risks related 
to the market generally. The Issuer's assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the 
probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. These factors are 
presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first under that 
category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability 
of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears 
only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should 
consider, amongst other things, the following:

--- Page 13 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 7- 
66-41031997 
 
Risks Relating to the Issuer  
Risks Relating to the Issuer or its Industrial Sector 
Negative impacts due to Russia-Ukraine war conflict 
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine. Russian military action in Ukraine will have 
implications that go beyond the conflict's immediate borders. The economic consequences of this crisis are 
potentially very relevant not only for the two countries directly involved but also for the rest of the world. 
In the short term, the conflict is having an inflationary impact by strongly affecting energy prices, as a result 
of the rise in the price of gas and oil. Another area in which the tensions affecting Ukraine and Russia may 
end up being important is raw materials, as Russia is the world’s third largest nickel producer, the world’s 
second largest platinum and palladium producer, the third-largest producer of titanium sponge and a crucial 
provider of fertilizer. The current conflict may have destabilizing effects on the global prices of certain vital 
food commodities due to the fact that Russia is the main exporter of wheat. In addition, Russia and Ukraine 
also account for significant shares of world corn and sunflower oil exports. Ukraine is also a significant 
agricultural producer. It is among the world’s top 10 exporters for 24 foodstuffs including seed oils, barley, 
wheat, pigs, poultry, and butter. Moreover, increased cyber and counter cyber-attacks between Russia and 
its perceived adversaries have been witnessed. In this context, capital markets in the main international 
markets are heavily affected. Stock exchanges experienced significant volatility, while IPO transactions 
came to a standstill.  Primary bond markets have been much less active and many new issuances have been 
delayed. While demand has suffered, credit spreads have widened. Significant outflows from fixed income 
and equity funds were evident. Numerous M&A transactions, usually carried out by private equity funds, 
have also been delayed. The economic sanctions imposed on Russia by a significant part of the international 
community have been fierce. Aside from the blacklisting of certain Russian citizens, the ban on some 
exports to Russia and some imports from Russia will have a negative impact on international trade. Russia's 
financial activity is further restricted by the measures taken by the international community in relation to 
the operation of Russian banks, including the blocking of the dollar-clearing capacity of several systemic 
Russian commercial banks, the blocking of the Russian central bank's reserves and the operational 
restriction of the SWIFT payment system to some Russian financial institutions. Russian authorities set a 
list of capital controls by denying foreign investors to repatriate money from their Russian subsidiaries and 
by halting payments of dividends and coupons to foreign investors. Another potential effect of the Russian-
Ukrainian war is the dilemma posed by Western central banks. After the ultra-expansionary policy phases 
due first to the 2008 financial crisis and then to the coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic, central banks 
were already in a new monetary policy phase. The reduction of the size of central bank balance sheets and 
a rise in interest rates were expected. The conflict may delay the process of monetary policy normalisation 
with long-term effects on inflation and the stability of the currencies involved. The spectre of stagflation is 
one of the risks exacerbated by the war. In this scenario, the position of China will be a central concern. 
Supporting Russia seems to be now incompatible with friendly relations with western countries and it would 
affect international trade to a greater extent. In addition, Western countries might make strategic security 
an overriding imperative of their economic policy. The crisis could lead to increased military spending. A 
likely consequence of the focus on defence is that all members will be expected to fully meet their financial 
commitment to spend 2% GDP on national defence. Given the global need for fiscal consolidation, 
increased defence budgets could reduce public infrastructure spending in Western countries in the medium 
to long term. This could have a negative impact on the construction industry. These effects are not likely 
to be offset by increased demand arising from war reconstruction needs for those companies not operating 
in the countries involved in the conflict. 
Current state of the global economy 
The possibility of developing new business in the sectors in which the Group operates depends on the 
economic and financial capacity of its potential customers, which are in both the public and private sectors. 
A significant part of the Group's sales is related to construction of civil works. Consequently, a relevant 
proportion of customers are central and regional governments. From this perspective, the availability of 
governmental funds to undertake new infrastructure projects and to maintain existing ones is linked to 
public budgets. Transport concessions revenue, another of the Group's relevant sources of income, depends 
on the mobility of passengers and goods. These variables are closely connected with the growth of income 
in the different markets in which the Group operates directly or through subsidiaries. Given that both the 
health of public finances and traffic on motorways depends significantly on the rate of Gross Domestic 
Product ("GDP") growth, the Group's activity is intrinsically reliant on the state of the economies in which 
it operates. The continuing global recovery faces multiple challenges as the pandemic enters its third year.

--- Page 14 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 8- 
66-41031997 
 
The rapid spread of the Omicron variant led to renewed travel restrictions in many countries and increased 
labour shortages. Supply disruptions still weigh on activity and are contributing to higher inflation, adding 
to pressures from strong demand and elevated food and energy prices. In addition, the Group could be 
negatively affected by changes in expectations regarding the materialization of different programmes 
dedicated to infrastructure in the world, as a result of the very high geopolitical tensions revealed at the 
beginning of 2022. In this vein, the Euro-zone, the Council and the European Parliament reached consensus 
on the Multiannual Financial Framework, as well as on the Next Generation Programme and a political 
agreement on the Recovery and Resilience Facility ("RRF") was reached. In the United States, the new 
Biden administration had managed to push through a large fiscal stimulus package in the amount of 
U.S.$1.9 trillion. The current context of geopolitical conflicts could call into question the materialization 
of these programmes and, consequently, the extent to which the Group can benefit from them. 
The business performance of the Group is closely connected with the economic development of the 
countries and regions in which the Group carries out its activities. The business operations, as well as the 
financial condition and the results of operations of the Group, may be adversely affected if the global 
economic environment deteriorates, particularly in those zones where there is a greater concentration of the 
Group's business. The COVID-19 pandemic is inflicting high human costs worldwide, and the necessary 
protection measures are still severely impacting economic activity. The epidemiological situation varies 
widely both within and between regions. The breakthrough development of vaccines in the autumn of 2020 
and the mass vaccination campaigns in 2021 brightened the outlook beyond the near term.  However, the 
resurgence in infections together with the appearance of a new, more contagious but less lethal variant of 
the coronavirus, Omicron, forced many governments to reintroduce or tighten containment measures. As a 
result, the near-term outlook for the global economy looks weaker than previously expected. With high 
levels of global indebtedness and elevated equity valuations, a pullback in risk appetite could trigger a sharp 
tightening of global financial conditions. Increased inflationary pressures and the associated uncertainty 
surrounding how soon advanced economies will reduce monetary policy stimulus could trigger capital 
outflows. 
The risks and points raised in this section have been assessed and included on the basis of the following 
sources and others mentioned below:  
• 
European Commission, “Winter 2022 European Economic Forecast” Institutional Paper 169 February 
2022" 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://ec.europa.eu/info/sites/default/files/economy-
finance/ip169_en.pdf 
• 
IMF, International Monetary Fund "World Economic Outlook Update. January 2022. Rising Caseloads,  
a 
Disrupted 
Recovery, 
and 
Higher 
Inflation" 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at:  
https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2022/01/25/world-economic-outlook-update-
january-2022 
The Group is still exposed to risks relating to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in a number of ways. 
The Group's operations are carried out in countries that have been, and are expected to continue to be, 
exposed to the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the COVID-19 impact on the Group in the future will 
depend on the severity of new variants of the coronavirus and public health situation, as well as the 
possibility of new restrictions on the international mobility of persons and their effects on global 
macroeconomic conditions. The pandemic has produced negative impacts on revenues as a result of project 
delays.  There have been major disruptions in production and logistics chains on all continents. This led to 
price increases in many of the inputs to the production process, including those related to the construction 
industry. In the medium and long term, the high level of government indebtedness could have a negative 
impact on investment in public infrastructure all over the world. A fairly global consequence of the 
pandemic has been a marked deterioration in public finances. It is too early at this stage to assess precisely 
the economic impact of all the effects in the long term, but the probability of these effects occurring may 
be quite high. In addition, the materiality of the impact on the variables mentioned may be high to medium. 
Following a severe contraction in the previous year as a result of the pandemic, the global economy 
rebounded in 2021. The strength of the recovery varied significantly across countries, depending on access 
to medical interventions, effectiveness of policy support, exposure to cross-country spillovers, and 
structural characteristics entering the crisis. With growing vaccine availability, improved therapies, testing, 
and tracing, local transmission of the virus is expected to be brought to low levels everywhere throughout 
2022, in the absence of new variants.

--- Page 15 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 9- 
66-41031997 
 
The materiality of the Group's operational risk is essentially concentrated in a group of few developed 
countries: 93% of the Group's sales and 93% of its backlog are concentrated in 6 countries on 3 continents 
(Unites States, Australia, Spain, Canada, Germany and United Kingdom). With regard to the economic 
situation and expectations in these countries, the following should be noted: 
In the United States, which accounted for 53% of 2021 Group's sales and 45% of its backlog at 31 December 
2021, the economic activity posted further impressive gains in the second half of 2021, but inflation rose 
to its highest level since the early 1980s. According to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System ("Monetary Policy Report, 25 February 2022"), the level of real gross domestic product ("GDP") 
recovered further in the second half of 2021, but growth was somewhat slower, on average, than in the first 
half. GDP growth is reported to have slowed notably to 2.3 percent at an annual rate in the third quarter but 
rebounded to a brisk 7 percent in the fourth quarter of 2021. The labour market tightened substantially 
further amid high demand for workers and constrained supply while nominal wages raised at their fastest 
pace in decades. With strong demand, and amid ongoing supply chain bottlenecks and constrained labour 
supply, inflation increased appreciably last year, running well above the monetary authorities' objective of 
2 percent and broadening out to a wider range of items. As 2022 began, the rapid spread of the Omicron 
variant appeared to be causing a slowdown in some sectors of the economy. Supply chain bottlenecks 
plagued this economy for much of the past year. Against a backdrop of robust demand for goods, global 
distribution networks have been strained, and domestic manufacturers have had trouble finding the 
materials and labour needed to fill orders for their products. U.S. ports were congested amid record volumes 
of shipping, and delivery times for materials remained elevated. Supply shortages of semiconductors were 
particularly acute and weighed heavily on motor vehicle production and sales. While there are some signs 
of improvement, general supply chain bottlenecks are not expected to resolve for some time. The 
unemployment rate continued to move down rapidly, declining from 6.7 percent at the end of 2020 to 4.0 
percent in January 2022. Residential investment is well above pre-pandemic levels but fell back somewhat 
last year, as construction was limited by persistent bottlenecks that led to materials shortages. In recent 
months, the sector has shown signs of a rebound, as single-family permits have risen steadily. Nevertheless, 
the timing of the resolution of these supply constraints remains highly uncertain. Although expansive fiscal 
policies continue to support the level of GDP, they have begun to unwind and are now likely imposing a 
drag on GDP growth as the effects on spending wane over time. In addition to pandemic-support policies, 
the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act will gradually increase spending on infrastructure over the next 
10 years and is only partially offset by new revenues and other spending reductions. In this context, 
geopolitical tensions with Russia and China are a significant source of uncertainty about the country's future 
macroeconomic indicators evolution. 
The economy of Australia, a market which accounted for 19% of 2021 Group's sales and 29% of its backlog 
at 31 December 2021, bounced back strongly from the lockdowns associated with the outbreak of the Delta 
variant of COVID-19 in the second half of 2021. GDP is expected to have grown by 5 per cent over the 
course of 2021 despite these lockdowns. In light of this strong recovery and signs that the effect of the 
Omicron outbreak on spending were relatively small, the outlook for the Australian economy has been 
upgraded relative to the forecasts presented in November 2021.  According to Bank of Australia ("Statement 
on Monetary Policy – February 2022"), GDP is expected to grow by around 4.25 per cent over 2022 and 2 
per cent over 2023. The unemployment rate declined to 4.2 per cent in December 2021 and there has been 
a welcome reduction in underemployment to its lowest rate in 13 years. Labour force participation also 
recovered to high levels. Australia was affected by these global inflationary pressures, but to a lesser extent 
than some other advanced economies. Nevertheless, the outlook for inflation was revised upwards. Some 
industries are reporting strong wages growth for jobs requiring skills that are in high demand. Similar to 
the housing construction sector, a significant pipeline of construction work underpins the outlook for 
business and public investment. However, supply shortages are evident in the construction sector, 
suggesting that capacity constraints could slow actual investment relative to stated plans. Capacity 
constraints are also being reported in some exporting sectors and other parts of the labour market. Firms in 
the construction, professional services, agricultural and hospitality sectors are reporting difficulties in 
finding labour, especially for select skills in high demand. Some of these difficulties could ease now that 
the international border is reopening to some skilled migrants. Despite optimistic macroeconomic 
projections, the Australian economy may be affected by recent geopolitical tensions and there is a risk of a 
turnaround in these forecasts. 
In Canada, which accounted for 6% of 2021 Group's sales and 4% of its backlog at 31 December 2021, the 
economy entered 2022 in a strong position. The Central Bank of Canada is forecasting a GDP growth of 
4% in 2022 and about 3.25 % in 2023 ("Monetary Policy Report January 2022"). Indicators suggest that 
economic slack is now absorbed. Public health measures and widespread worker absences related to the

--- Page 16 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 10- 
66-41031997 
 
Omicron variant slowed economic activity in the first quarter of 2022, but the economic impact is expected 
to be less severe than previous waves. With the virus and related supply disruptions expected to fade, 
consumer spending is anticipated to rebound and exports and business investment are projected to grow 
solidly. The impacts from global and domestic supply disruptions are currently exerting upward pressure 
on prices. Inflationary pressures from strong demand, supply shortages and high energy prices should 
subside during the year. Before the conflict in Eastern Europe, inflation was expected to decline relatively 
quickly to about 3% by the end of 2022 and to decline gradually through 2023 and 2024 to close to 2%. 
The impact of the conflict that began in February 2022 now calls these projections into question. Over the 
medium term, increased productivity is expected to boost supply growth, and demand growth is projected 
to be moderate. Faced with robust demand, many Canadian businesses are experiencing challenges due to 
supply constraints. Transportation bottlenecks, labour shortages and difficulty sourcing key inputs are 
resulting in reduced hours of operation, production slowdowns and delayed or cancelled sales. The overall 
effects of these supply disruptions are estimated to have been larger, broader and more persistent than 
initially anticipated. Exports and business investment have been particularly affected, as has consumer 
spending on some durable goods such as motor vehicles. Uncertainty around the projection remains 
unusually high. 
The Euro-zone economy entered the year of 2022 with weaker results than previously projected. The 
resurgence of the pandemic last autumn and the exponential spread of the Omicron variant led to renewed 
strains on healthcare systems and an unprecedented surge of absences from work in many EU countries. 
Governments across the EU reinstated restrictions, though generally of a milder or more targeted nature 
than in previous waves. Persistent logistic and supply bottlenecks, including shortages of semiconductors 
and some metal commodities, kept weighing on production, as the elevated prices of energy. Stronger than 
expected inflationary pressures weighed on households’ purchasing power. The inflation projections are 
subject to upside risks if cost pressures are passed on from producer to consumer prices to a larger extent, 
increasing the likelihood of strong second-round effects. Risks to the growth and inflation outlook are 
aggravated by geopolitical tensions in Eastern Europe. Shortages of raw materials and equipment continued 
to constrain industrial production. Labour shortages are also becoming more pervasive. This is a significant 
change for the EU, where demand and not supply has generally been the main factor limiting production. 
A progressive normalisation of supply conditions over the course of the year 2022 is expected, but several 
indicators now suggest that constraints are more binding and lasting longer than previously expected. 
Developments in energy markets and supply constraints are putting pressure on prices. Before the Russian-
Ukrainian conflict, inflationary pressures were expected to fade in the medium term as they were linked to 
the post-pandemic adjustment and the volatility of energy and non-energy commodities. However, it is 
thought that they may be more persistent over time. Going forward, energy prices remain a key driver of 
inflation dynamics in 2022. With supply side disruptions remaining an important constraint to economic 
activity, the near-term outlook for investment also remains subdued. 
In Spain, which accounted for 11% of 2021 Group's sales and 8% of its backlog at 31 December 2021, after 
the subdued expansion observed in the first half of 2021 due to the containment measures still in force, the 
recovery in economic activity gained traction in the second half of the year. GDP grew by 2.6% (quarter-
on-quarter) in Q3 and 2.0% in Q4. Investment and net exports were the main drivers of the growth 
momentum during this period, while rising consumer prices, surging infections and uncertainty restrained 
private consumption. Overall, GDP increased by 5.0% in 2021. Before the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, 
Spanish economic growth was expected to regain momentum as from the second quarter of 2022, with 
quarterly growth rates above 1% until the beginning of 2023. Afterwards, GDP growth was projected to 
moderate as the output gap closes and turns positive. Private consumption and investment were expected 
to be the main drivers of economic growth over the forecast horizon. The private savings accumulated 
during the pandemic and recent pension increases were expected to support consumption, while the 
implementation of the Recovery and Resilience Plan investment should support investment spending. The 
gradual normalisation of international tourism was set to enable a positive contribution from net exports to 
GDP growth. Overall, real GDP was expected to expand by 5.6% in 2022 and 4.4% in 2023. The Russian-
Ukrainian war may significantly change these initially optimistic forecasts. In addition, a fiscal policy 
characterised by the adoption of new taxes, the raising of tax rates and the accentuating of the 
progressiveness level of the tax system, could have a negative impact on the supply of savings, the 
investment and the labour supply.   
In Germany, which accounted for 3% of 2021 Group's sales and 4% of its backlog at 31 December 2021, 
after contracting by 4.6% in 2020, the economy rebounded by 2.8% in 2021. In the second and third quarters 
of the year, the economy benefited from the easing of the pandemic-related restrictions and a rise in private 
consumption, growing by 2.2% and 1.7%, respectively. Exports and investment were a drag on growth in

--- Page 17 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 11- 
66-41031997 
 
the third quarter, as supply bottlenecks held back production activity, notably in the automotive sector, and 
depressed business sentiment. In the fourth quarter, GDP declined by 0.7%. Investment dropped further, 
while the recovery in private consumption was halted by the new COVID-19 wave and elevated consumer 
price inflation, including soaring energy prices. Employment remained below its pre-crisis peak throughout 
2021. However, the labour market has been improving steadily since the second quarter of last year, 
supported by the extension of regulations on short-time work and by recovering labour demand. Wages 
increased by 3.2% after stagnating the previous year. The net saving rate of households eased to 15.0%, 
from 16.1% in the previous year, but remained significantly above its pre-crisis level of 10.8% due to the 
re-emergence of factors restraining consumption. With infection rates still rising, private consumption is 
expected to remain subdued in early 2022, particularly for services. In addition, exports are set to continue 
suffering from supply chain disruptions. Activity is also likely to be slowed down by sickness-related 
absenteeism. As a result, the economy is expected to stagnate in the first quarter of 2022. However, before 
the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, forecasts for the rest of the year were positive due to the record-high 
manufacturing order books, in particular in the investment goods industries that suggested that exports and 
domestic sales of equipment and vehicles were likely to grow again especially as sentiment in industry had 
improved. Real GDP was forecasted to expand by 3.6% in 2022, implying a return to its pre-crisis level in 
the course of the year. In 2023, GDP was expected to continue growing by 2.6% as restraints on pent-up 
consumer and investment demand dissipate. However, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have 
a negative impact on the German economy. In this vein, a significant increase in defence spending is 
expected. And on the other hand, a shift in the energy policy of the country may be necessary to reduce 
dependence on energy resources traditionally obtained from countries in conflict. 
In the UK, which accounted for 1% of 2021 Group's sales and 3% of its backlog at 31 December 2021, the 
activity returned to their pre‑Covid‑19 levels towards the end of last year. The emergence of the Omicron 
variant depressed activity somewhat by early 2022. But its economic impact is likely to be limited and of 
short duration, and GDP is expected to recover throughout the first quarter of 2022. According to Bank of 
England ("Monetary Policy Report February 2022") CPI inflation was 5.4% in December 2021, up from 
3.1% in September 2021 and 0.6% a year earlier. Almost half of the rise in inflation over 2021 reflected 
the direct impact of higher energy prices. The unemployment rate fell to 4.1% in the three months to 
November 2021, and is expected to fall further in the near term, to 3.8% in the first quarter of 2022. Beyond 
the near term, GDP growth is expected to slow to subdued rates, largely due to the adverse impact of higher 
global energy and tradable goods prices on UK real aggregate income and spending. As a result, the 
unemployment rate is expected to rise to 5% and excess supply will build to around 1% by the end of the 
forecast period. It is also expected that there will be some temporary upward pressure on wage settlements 
from higher price inflation. In addition, the UK Government announced a higher path for government 
consumption, particularly over the next couple of years. When combined with the estimated effects of the 
measures announced since the beginning of the pandemic, fiscal policy in aggregate is projected to continue 
to support UK demand, especially in the near term. The policy stance gradually tightens over time in line 
with announced government policy, so the support from fiscal policy wanes. 
In summary, headline inflation has recently risen in many advanced economies due to the evolution of 
energy prices, and remains high in some emerging-market economies, in part due to jumps in commodity 
prices and past currency depreciation. This risk is leading to the central banks to shorten the period of 
maintenance of expansionary monetary policies. Actions of this type are likely to have a negative impact 
on the markets and on the ease and cost of financing companies. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has, beyond 
the human cost of the conflict, roiled financial markets and driven oil prices higher. A potential closure of 
Black Sea ports would exacerbate food price inflation around the world, adding to the energy price crisis. 
All of this could have profound and long-lasting effects on macroeconomic prospects and credit conditions 
around the world. Sustained high energy and commodity prices, along with market volatility, could dent 
confidence and weigh on economic activity. The Russia-Ukraine conflict could add risk and complexity to 
already heightened geopolitical tensions outside the immediate region. Potential disruptions to the energy 
and commodity supply will weigh on growth and push up inflation for longer. The risks of stagflation have 
increased. 
Finally, a number of medium-term problems that predate the crisis, such as the impact of an ageing 
population on the labour force and weak growth in total factor productivity, remain relevant as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. These problems contribute to low potential growth in advanced economies - which 
may be affecting the pace of recovery - and a decline in potential growth in emerging markets.

--- Page 18 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 12- 
66-41031997 
 
Risks related to unexpected adjustments and cancellations of projects 
The Group's project portfolio is exposed to unexpected adjustments and cancellations.  The agreements 
entered into by the Group's companies to carry out their projects are usually entered into for periods of 
more than two years.  This increases the risk of early cancellation of these agreements.  Furthermore, in 
certain circumstances the Group's companies may not be entitled to compensation for early termination.  In 
addition, the scope of the agreed work as part of a project may change.  This may lead to an increase in 
costs in connection with the project as well as to reduced profits or to losses. 
In the Infrastructure Business Unit 3 projects were awarded in 2021 with an expected investment of more 
than €1.0 billion, 12 additional projects were awarded last year with an expected investment of more than 
€200 million, and 17 additional projects with an expected investment of more than €100 million were 
awarded last year. Any cancellations of or changes in projects as well as changes in the corporate strategy 
of the clients of the Group may negatively affect its project portfolio, which may have a material adverse 
effect on the results of operations and the profit of the Group. 
Risks in Relation to the Construction Business Sub-Unit 
Risks in relation to public sector infrastructure projects and civil works 
Fiscal policy has been the first line of defence against the COVID-19 crisis as fiscal authorities have the 
most appropriate and powerful instruments to ensure the income of the agents. Indeed, fiscal responses in 
affected countries have been swift and sizable in many advanced economies where the Group operates. 
These fiscal policies, together with the impact of automatic stabilisers themselves, in a context of sharp 
deterioration in activity, is significantly raising the financing needs and debt ratios of the public sector in 
almost all countries. And this is happening in a situation where public debt on a global scale had already 
increased significantly following the global financial crisis. The overall high level of public debt and the 
need to reduce public deficits and implement fiscal consolidation policies in most of the developed 
countries in which the Group operates represents a risk with respect to future levels of orders that the 
construction division may receive. The recent massive use of public-private partnership ("PPP") schemes 
by numerous countries across five continents as a way of procuring public services and infrastructure assets 
has recently mitigated these risks. However, this circumstance could change in the future as a consequence 
of a modification in the political and social consideration of the recourse to PPP schemes. 
Should governments' budget allocations for infrastructure projects be further reduced, or not be increased, 
or should new decisions be made leading to a delay in, or cessation of, public infrastructure projects already 
awarded to the Group, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial condition and 
the results of operations of the Group. The Infrastructures Business Sub-Unit represents 92% of the Group's 
EBITDA and 96% of the Group's backlog (namely the number of agreed orders and contracts which have 
not yet been completed).   
The Group may be adversely affected by raw material and energy shortages or price fluctuations 
The Group is exposed to changes in the prices of its key raw materials (such as steel, cement and gravel) 
and energy (such as diesel and electricity), as well as prices for project-related services sourced from third 
parties. The Group takes prices of raw materials, energy and project-related services into consideration in 
the bidding process and strives to pass on price fluctuations of input materials to the customer or strives to 
fix prices. The price risk associated with raw materials is usually not hedged by the Group and the Group 
may not be able to pass on increased raw material and energy costs to its customers or subcontractors. 
Therefore, increases in the prices of raw materials and other input materials and services typically have the 
greatest impact on the Group's sales and also, but to a lesser extent, on its results of operations. In particular, 
an increase in the oil price, after years of prices that have been well below the long-term average, could 
have an adverse effect on the Group's operating costs, particularly in relation to the Group's contract mining 
activities. 
Moreover, during the course of 2021, key building materials and cement suppliers have raised prices by 
unprecedented double-digit percentage rates, aiming at passing on significant raw material, transport and 
energy cost inflation. In the face of significant increases in the prices of inputs required for public works, 
rebalancing may be necessary, and it may require special government regulations. In this context, there is 
a risk that the rules on price revision for public works set limits in terms of the contract award price. As a 
result, the revision may be insufficient to cover the entire mismatch. These rules may also include minimum

--- Page 19 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 13- 
66-41031997 
 
increases in the price of inputs for rebalancing to apply. In addition, there is a risk that price increases 
caused by some of its components may be excluded in the calculation of the price review. Finally, these 
rules may limit the period for calculating price increases. This may result in partial compensation of cost 
overruns for builders. 
Additionally, resource availability is a significant issue for procurement at ACS. The Group is faced with 
growing scarcity of basic materials such as gravel and sand. The shortage may result in supply bottlenecks, 
consequently delaying projects as well as increasing prices of available materials. 
The realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, cash 
flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks resulting from delays and cost increases in the construction industry 
Large construction projects carried out by the Group are exposed to specific risks, such as claims relating 
to building defects, or cost increases with regard to materials, machinery and labour, as well as factors 
generally influenced by the economic environment. Even though some agreements include price adjustment 
clauses, it is not always possible to eliminate or reduce these risks. 
Since the COVID-19 crisis poses a challenge to maintaining material supply chains (including raw materials 
like sand, concrete and some extractive materials) as well as sufficient physical presence of workers on 
construction sites, construction activity may be affected until the epidemic subsides. 
If sub-contractors of the Group fail to meet project deadlines or the agreed budget, this may lead to delays 
and additional costs in the construction which may then further lead not only to a delay in payment receipts 
but also to fines or a cancellation of the agreement by the Group's customers. Furthermore, the Group's 
reputation as a construction company could be damaged.  Such increases in costs, decreases in earnings and 
potential reputational damage to the Group could have a material adverse effect on the business, the 
financial condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Cyclicality of the residential construction industry 
In general, the construction industry is of a cyclical nature and depends on investments carried out by the 
public sector as well as the private sector.  
Investments in residential building are affected by a series of factors, such as demographic trends, which 
may be particularly negative in the coming years: they include the availability of financing for developers 
and the ability of homebuyers to meet mortgage costs. This capacity depends in turn on the wage level and 
the evolution of the employment rate. The outlook for the residential construction sector is not 
homogeneous by country and subject to economic conditions and some uncertainties. In those regions in 
which the Group is active there could be a worsening of demographic developments, labour market 
conditions, the evolution of the mortgage markets and the supply of bank credit. Furthermore, one of the 
impacts of the COVID-19 crisis has been the implementation processes for working remotely in many 
companies, which could significantly affect the demand for office space in the medium term. As a result, 
if this situation extends in time or further waves of COVID-19 pandemic are experienced, this trend could 
negatively impact on non-residential construction activity. 
Should an unfavourable environment for investment in global construction projects in the private sector be 
revealed as a result of weak demand resulting from the negative economic impact of the COVID-19 crisis. 
In addition, after years of ultra-expansionary monetary policies, the expected shift towards a less 
expansionary policy by central banks could lead to a rise in the cost of mortgages granted by commercial 
banks to private individuals through 2022. Although the cost of financing is not the only factor affecting 
demand, it could result in a lower demand for housing. This would have a material adverse effect on the 
business operations, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Risks in Relation to the Concessions Business Sub-Unit 
Risks resulting from the need to review the portfolio of concessions 
The Group aims to renew its portfolio of concessions on an ongoing basis. At the end of year 2021 the 
Group (through Iridium) had a portfolio of 48 concessions, of which 84% were already in operation,  12% 
were under construction and 4% in other situations. Among these projects, 40 were transport concessions,

--- Page 20 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 14- 
66-41031997 
 
including highways, railways and transfer stations. In addition, Iridium had invested in nine concession 
projects including hospitals, police stations, prisons and parking. Should the Group not be awarded new 
concessions with which to replace the concessions previously sold, or concessions remaining in the 
portfolio which will expire or will terminate or be withdrawn, income from the sales as well as the income 
from the operation of concessions could decline. This could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
the financial condition and the results of operations of the Group.   
Risks related to revenues from the operation of concessions 
The ordinary income realised by the Group from the operation of infrastructure concessions depends in part 
on the fee revenue from the relevant concession.  Any option to increase such revenue above the agreed 
amount may be restricted or limited and the fees may be reduced by the relevant public authority during 
the term of the concession. The income from the operation of infrastructure concessions carried out by the 
Group may depend on the number of users of the infrastructure underlying the concession – in addition to 
the fee rates – which in turn depends on demand. In the context of reduced traffic, as a result of weak 
demand caused by an economic recession, revenues from concessions will be lower than initially expected. 
If the number of users of the infrastructure operated by the Group or its availability for use, respectively, is 
lower than the number of users or the availability for use initially provided for in the economic plans and 
financial budgets, or if the fees initially used as a basis in the economic plans and financial budgets are 
reduced, this could have material adverse effects on the business, the financial condition and the results of 
operations of the Group. 
The Group operates in a regulated industry and, in particular, environmental laws could increase the 
Group's costs 
The Group must comply with applicable environmental regulations established by local, regional, national 
and EU bodies which regulate the Group's activities. The technical requirements imposed by environmental 
regulations are gradually becoming more costly, complex and stringent. These laws may impose strict 
liability in the event of damage to natural resources or threats to public safety and health. Strict liability 
may mean that the Group is held liable for environmental damage regardless of whether it has acted 
negligently, or that it owes fines whether or not damage exists or is proven. The relevant authorities may 
impose fines or sanctions or may revoke and refuse to grant authorisations and permits because of a breach 
by the Group of applicable regulations. 
The entry into force of new laws, the imposition of new or more stringent requirements or a stricter 
application of existing regulations may increase the Group's costs or impose new responsibilities, leading 
to lower earnings and liquidity available for its activities. Breaching any of these regulations could result 
in reputational damage, which, in addition to the impact of any regulatory changes, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
During their initial years of operation, the Group's concessions may generate little or no cash 
During the initial years of a concession, the costs of financing often consume a large proportion of a 
concession's available cash flows, leaving little or no cash available for distribution. Furthermore, it is 
possible that the Group's cash flow projections for a concession will not be met, and that the concession 
may therefore take longer than expected to generate a profit or may never do so. Such a shortfall of cash 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Risks in the Services Business Unit 
Risk of a reversal in the outsourcing trend that could reduce the customer base 
The Group's activities in the Services Business Unit depend, to a large extent, on the continuation of the 
current trends in the public and private sectors to outsource services that are not the focus or core of the 
relevant entity's activity or business.  Should this tendency decline or reverse, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the business and the results of operations of the Group. Given that, in 2021, 92% of this 
Business Unit's activity was concentrated in Spain, a greater stress on Spanish public finances, associated

--- Page 21 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 15- 
66-41031997 
 
with fiscal policies adopted to react to the COVID-19 crisis, could have a negative impact on the demand 
for the services offered by this Unit. 
In addition, the worker containment measures resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic may in the medium 
term lead to an increase in processes for working remotely in many companies. As a result, the activity of 
facility management for office buildings could be negatively affected, this activity being one of the sources 
of revenue of the Services Business Unit. 
Limited term of the concessions and service agreements 
A large part of the income of the Services Business Unit is generated through concessions regarding the 
provision of services as well as service agreements entered into with private companies and public 
authorities.  At the end of the year 2021, the backlog (namely the number of agreed orders and contracts 
which have not yet been completed) for both types of services was 21 months. Once a concession expires, 
the Group must participate in another tender procedure in order to renew the relevant concession.  Similarly, 
the Group frequently competes with other companies to renew private agreements after their expiry.  
Furthermore, concessions and agreements with private entities are subject to numerous conditions and 
obligations, with the failure to fulfil such conditions or obligations potentially leading to a termination of 
the concessions or cancellation of the agreements. 
Regarding concessions for public services, the public authorities in specific countries are entitled to 
unilaterally amend or cancel concession agreements. Please see "- Risk of termination or early withdrawal 
of the concessions by public authorities" above for more information on the risk of a termination or early 
withdrawal of concessions. 
Should the Group be unable to maintain or renew the concessions and the service agreements it currently 
has been awarded, or should the Group not be awarded new concessions or service agreements, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial condition and the results of operations of the 
Group. 
Risks Related to the Overall Business of the Group 
Risks due to legal claims 
Claims may be asserted against the Group based on accidents occurring or mistakes made during the 
implementation of construction works and projects, the operation of concessions by the Group or during 
the provision of services. Such claims may relate to injuries or deaths of human beings, damage to facilities 
and accessories or environmental damage.  They may be based on alleged acts or omissions of the Group 
and/or of its sub-contractors. 
Additionally, the Group is required to provide commercial guarantees to clients in respect of the proper 
functioning of construction works carried out by it.  A failure of any such works to perform as specified 
could result in claims being made against the Group under the relevant guarantee(s). Any such claim could 
materially adversely affect the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Group, and could 
furthermore have a materially adverse effect on the Group's reputation. 
The Group typically takes out insurance policies and tries to stipulate limits on liability in the contracts to 
which it is a party, with a view in each case to mitigate the risk of a claim under any such guarantee.  
However, the insurance taken out by the Group and contractual liability limits may not provide sufficient 
coverage to the Group with regard to the consequences of the circumstances described above and the 
corresponding liability claims.  Furthermore, indemnifications granted to the Group by sub-contractors may 
be ineffective to the extent that the relevant sub-contractors do not have sufficient insurance coverage of 
their own, or the necessary resources to satisfy the claims made against them by the Group.  On the other 
hand, the Group may decide that no insurance covering the above risks will be taken out, or may not be 
able to take out the insurance on a reasonable basis or ensure that each agreement will include appropriate 
indemnifications.  Even if any insurance coverage exists, the liability claims could exceed the amount 
insured or lead to an increase in insurance premiums.   
All of the above could have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial condition or the results 
of operations of the Group. For more information see section "Description of the Issuer - Litigation". 
Additionally, should an outcome of the proceedings described in this Base Prospectus prove unfavourable

--- Page 22 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 16- 
66-41031997 
 
to the interests of the Group, this could have an adverse effect on the financial condition and the results of 
the Issuer. 
Risks in Relation to Derivative Transactions  
The Group has entered into derivative transactions, including transactions on interest rate, currency and 
equity. The notional volume of outstanding derivatives at 31 December 2021 in the group amounted to 
€3,089 million, with €803 million corresponding to interest rate swaps (IRS), €1,266 million to forex 
derivatives and €1,020 million to other derivative instruments. Derivative markets are in the process of 
being reformed. In Europe, this reform has led to the adoption of Regulation 648/2012, known as the 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation ("EMIR"). EMIR introduces new requirements to improve 
transparency and reduce risks associated with the derivatives market. EMIR came into force on 16 August 
2012, although the main requirements are being progressively implemented from 2013 to 2018. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EMIR requires, inter alia, all EU derivatives market participants who enter 
into any form of derivative transaction, including (amongst others) derivative transactions on interest rate, 
currency and equity, to report all derivative transactions to a trade repository and implement new risk-
mitigation techniques (including timely confirmation of transactions, portfolio reconciliation, dispute 
resolution and daily valuation). EMIR also requires, with respect to certain entities, the clearing through a 
central counterparty of over-the-counter derivatives that are subject to a mandatory clearing obligation, and 
the exchange of collateral for all non-cleared over-the-counter derivative transactions. 
Compliance with the requirements imposed by EMIR which apply to the Group and with the requirements 
arising from any other derivatives regulations to which it could be subject could be burdensome, giving rise 
to additional expenses that may have an impact on the Group's financial condition. Additionally, such 
regulations could increase the cost of conducting hedging activities. Non-compliance with such 
requirements applicable under EMIR or under any other derivatives regulations to which the Group could 
be subject could constitute an offence under the Spanish Securities Markets Act which could result in the 
imposition of fines by the relevant supervisory authority. 
Additionally, although the corporate management of the Group establishes counterparty selection criteria 
based on the quality of credit of the financial institutions, which translates into a portfolio of entities of high 
quality and solvency, the Group is exposed to the risk of breach by its counterparties in transactions 
involving financial derivatives.  
Risk of competition 
All of the Group's business units operate in highly-competitive sectors which require considerable use of 
human, material, technical and financial resources. The companies competing with the various subsidiaries 
and business units of the Group may have greater technical and financial resources available than those 
available to the Group or may be more experienced or have better knowledge of the markets in which the 
Group operates or in which it intends to expand. Other companies may also be willing to accept lower 
margins and would therefore be able to submit a technologically better offer at the same price or a similar 
offer at a lower price than the Group. 
For these reasons, it could become more difficult for the Group to be awarded new projects, concessions 
and agreements. Likewise, the Group could find itself compelled to accept construction and other projects, 
concessions, and agreements, or providing services at lower margins than in the past.  This could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Legal risks related to licensing and approvals 
In order to be able to carry out specific projects, the Group may have to obtain approvals, licences, 
certificates and other permits from the competent authorities in specific project phases.  There can be no 
assurances that the Group will be able to obtain the relevant approvals at all, or on a timely basis, or that it 
will be able to fulfil the requirements for such approvals in all cases.  This could lead to delays, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, the financial condition and the results of operations of the 
Group. 
The Group could be adversely affected by violations of anti-bribery and corruption laws 
Over the years an increasing number of anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations have been 
approved worldwide and now apply in a significant number of countries and territories where the Group

--- Page 23 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 17- 
66-41031997 
 
conducts its business. These laws and regulations are amended from time to time and their scope and reach 
may change. Such anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their 
intermediaries from granting financial or other advantages to officials or others for the purpose of obtaining 
or retaining business. The Group operates in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental 
corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-bribery and corruption laws 
may conflict with local customs and practices. In addition, some of the jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates or may operate in the future lack a developed legal system, or may have failed to implement and 
enforce such laws and regulations, and consequently may have high levels of corruption. In this scenario, 
the Group's continued international expansion and development of joint venture relationships with local 
contractors and local agents increases the Group's risk of being exposed to violations of such anti-bribery 
and corruption regulations by its local partners or agents. 
If the Group, its employees, agents, partners, subcontractors or suppliers breach any such laws, the Group 
could suffer, in addition to reputational damage, from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, 
including fines; denial of export privileges; injunctions; asset seizures; debarment from government 
contracts; termination of existing contracts; revocations or restrictions of licenses; criminal fines; or 
imprisonment of key personnel, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks due to tax disputes  
There are at least two sources of tax risks. On the one hand, there is risk arising from changes in tax 
legislations that could not be foreseen at the time when investment decisions where adopted. This could 
affect the achievement of the investment return objectives if the tax factor was relevant. Moreover, changes 
in tax laws could jeopardise the effective use of tax credits, generating a deviation in the cash flow for the 
payment of taxes.  On the other hand, the Issuer is established in Spain, but the Group also operates in 104 
tax jurisdictions through a number of subsidiaries and affiliates which must operate in compliance with the 
applicable tax regulations in their jurisdictions. In this regard, although the corporate tax policy of ACS 
determines that a prudent tax practice must be followed, the interpretation of the tax laws in different tax 
jurisdictions could trigger material tax disputes or legal proceedings, such that claims could materially 
adversely affect the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Group. 
The Group requires an amount of cash to service its debt, and its ability to generate sufficient cash 
depends on many factors beyond its control. 
At 31 December 2021, gross debt maturities up to 31 December 2023 amounted to €4,316 million. This 
figure includes credits and bilateral loans, leasing, bonds and debt obligations, project finance, accrued 
interest, intra-group debt and other banking debt. The Group's ability to make payments on its debt and to 
fund working capital, capital expenditure and research and development will depend on its future operating 
performance and ability to generate sufficient cash. This depends, to some extent, on general economic, 
financial, competitiveness, market, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond the 
Group's control, as well as the other factors discussed in these "Risk Factors". 
In addition, the Group faces a refinancing risk. As a result of the application of new international financial 
regulations ("Basel III"), and in order to recover investor confidence, major banks are immersed in a 
process to strengthen their balance sheets by means of reducing assets and increasing capital, a process 
known as deleveraging. 
Basel III's rules respond to the need to strengthen regulation, supervision and management of risks in the 
banking sector and constitute a set of measures meant to improve the banking sector's ability to absorb 
shocks deriving from economic and financial stress, so as to improve the risk management and governance 
of financial institutions.  However, in the event that financial tensions and synchronised deleveraging arise 
on a large scale with relation to international banks, this could lead to a global credit crunch which would 
affect the liquidity of governments, businesses and families, undermining economic growth and global 
recovery. 
Dependence on bank credit is greater for European companies than that of North American companies and 
consequently they seem more exposed to such a contingency. Specifically, in the Group, a process of this 
nature would require the implementation of a procedure for substituting financing sources, given that, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the majority of its total gross debt corresponds to bank credit. The Group, 
which is using not only Euro Commercial Paper instruments but also Negotiable European Commercial

--- Page 24 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 18- 
66-41031997 
 
Paper instruments in its financial strategy, is exposed to risk as a result of a potential global credit crunch, 
which could cause economic or financial loss to the Group. 
The Group's default on interest due or debt repayment could result in a cross-acceleration or cross-default 
in payment obligations under its other financing agreements and outstanding debt instruments. A default, 
as well as any resulting cross-default, could result in a number of adverse consequences including 
significant increases in interest rates as well as other financing costs. In addition, a default may entitle the 
respective counterparty to accelerate the Group's payment obligations and make all payments immediately 
due and payable or, in case of the general counter indemnity, entitle the relevant sureties to require 
additional collateral. If any of these events occur, ACS may be unable to obtain alternative debt or equity 
financing to refinance their debt obligations on acceptable terms, or at all. Should any of these risks 
materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business prospects, results of operations 
and financial condition. Furthermore, the sureties are entitled to refuse the issue of bonds at any time and 
for any reason. 
In addition, certain subsidiaries of the Group may require external financing and/or refinancing of existing 
external financing. They may be restricted from paying dividends or making other distributions to ACS in 
certain jurisdictions within which some subsidiaries operate. Should such financing and/or refinancing not 
be available or not be available at favourable commercial terms, significant monetary contributions (such 
as equity injections or shareholder loans) by the Group to such subsidiaries and shareholdings or any other 
form of assistance by the Group in connection with such financing and/or refinancing may be required. 
Furthermore, ACS may face additional risk that in order to refinance its debt, it could be required to agree 
to more onerous covenants, which would further restrict its business operations. 
Risks arising from supplier agreements and the sub-contracting of services 
In carrying out construction works and projects, operating concessions, and the services it offers, the Group 
relies on external manufacturers of equipment and sub-contractors.  In the event that it is impossible for the 
Group to sub-contract specific services or to acquire equipment and materials complying with the relevant 
plans, quality standards, specifications and cost objectives, this may affect the scheduled commissioning of 
concessions or a satisfactory provision of services to clients.  Therefore, there is a risk of contractual 
penalties, cancellations of agreements and liability claims, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the financial condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Risks related to the Group's presence in emerging markets 
In 2021, 3.8% of sales were generated in emerging markets: in Latin America (including Mexico), 1.3%; 
and in Asia ex-Japan and Hong-Kong 2.5%. These emerging markets are exposed to political and legal 
risks which are present to a greater degree than in Europe, North America (excluding Mexico) and Australia. 
These risks include the risk of nationalisation and expropriation of private assets, political and social 
instability, frequent changes in the general legal conditions and government policy as well as changes in 
tax policy and price control. These markets also face a higher risk of macro-economic instability and 
volatility than the markets in the industrialised nations, which may lead to restrictions in foreign currency 
transactions, in repatriating profits and importing investment goods. These risks could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
The Group's operations are subject to extensive regulation, including environmental, health and safety 
and other regulations, as well as the need to manage relationships with NGOs, local communities, and 
others 
As part of its normal course of operation and development activities, the Group has expended significant 
resources, both financial and managerial, to comply with governmental and environmental regulations 
including permitting requirements and will continue to do so in the future. However, it is possible that 
future regulatory developments, such as increasingly strict environmental protection laws, regulations and 
enforcement policies, and claims for damages to property and persons resulting from the Group's operations, 
could result in additional substantial costs and liabilities, restrictions on or suspension of its activities and 
delays in the exploration and development of its properties. 
The Group operates in different businesses and jurisdictions with increasing environmental law and 
regulation requirements, which have in turn become increasingly complex and strict. The applicable 
regulations may provide for liability regardless of fault for any damage caused to natural resources or for a

--- Page 25 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 19- 
66-41031997 
 
mere threat to public health and safety without having caused any actual environmental damage. Such 
liability, regardless of fault, may lead to liability for environmental damage irrespective of whether it was 
caused negligently or whether several persons are jointly responsible for the damage.  Irrespective of who 
is personally liable under civil law or, if applicable, criminal law, entities of the Group may also be 
considered liable. 
Failure to comply with applicable environmental, health and safety laws can result in injunctions, damages, 
suspension or revocation of permits and imposition of penalties. There can be no assurance that the Issuer 
has been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws or permits, that its compliance will 
not be challenged or that the costs of complying with environmental and health and safety laws and permits, 
current and future, will not materially or adversely affect the Group's future cash flow, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
A stricter application of the environmental laws or regulations, the entry into force of new laws, the 
discovery of currently unknown environmental contamination or the introduction of new or stricter 
requirements for obtaining licences and approvals could have a material adverse effect on the business, the 
financial condition or the results of operations of the Group. 
As a consequence of public concern about the perceived ill effects of infrastructure development, 
particularly in developing countries, the Group's operations face increasing public scrutiny. The 
international standards on social responsibility, community relations and sustainability, against which the 
Group benchmarks its operations, are becoming increasingly stringent and extensive over time: adherence 
to them is increasingly scrutinised by regulatory authorities, citizens' groups and environmental groups, as 
well as by investors and financial institutions. In addition, the Group operates in several countries where 
ownership of rights in respect of land and resources is uncertain and where disputes in relation to ownership 
or other community matters may arise. 
These disputes are not always predictable and may cause disruption to the Group's operations or 
development plans. The Group's operations can also have an impact on local communities, including the 
need, from time to time, to relocate or resettle communities or infrastructure networks such as railways and 
utility services. Failure to manage relationships with local communities, governments and non-
governmental organisations ("NGOs") may harm the Group's reputation as well as its ability to bring 
development projects into production. For example, in Guatemala, the Group has faced criticism and legal 
challenges from various NGOs and environmental groups in connection with the impact of the diversion of 
certain sections of the Cahabón river on indigenous peoples during the various phases of construction of 
the Renacer hydroelectric project.   
In addition, the costs and management time required to comply with standards of social responsibility, 
community relations and sustainability, including costs related to resettlement of communities or 
infrastructure, have recently increased substantially and are expected to further increase over time.  
Adverse publicity generated by criticism from NGOs, trade unions or others related to development projects 
generally, or the Group's operations specifically, could have an adverse effect on the Group's reputation 
and financial condition and may impact the relationship with the communities in which the Group operates. 
Such groups may install road blockades, apply for injunctions for work stoppage, make criminal complaints 
to local authorities, or file lawsuits for damages.  Such complaints, regardless of whether they have any 
substance or basis in fact or law, may have the effect of undermining the confidence of the public or a 
regulator in the Group and may adversely affect the price of the Notes, the Group's ability to raise capital, 
or the Group's prospects of obtaining the regulatory approvals necessary for advancement of some or all of 
its development plans or operations. 
Risks related to technological changes 
The technologies used in the different sectors in which the Group operates are subject to fast and continued 
development. Increasingly complex technological solutions, which are continuously evolving, are used in 
these sectors. Should the Group be unable to react appropriately to the current and future technological 
developments in the sectors in which it carries out its activities, this could have material adverse effects on 
the business, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 26 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 20- 
66-41031997 
 
Risks related to the cancellation of projects and termination or early withdrawal of concessions by public 
authorities 
The Group performs its concessional activities worldwide through projects such as, for example: highway 
transport concessions; bus and train transfer stations; bridges; tunnels; energy concessions and storage 
projects; hospitals and other public-private partnerships; and contract mining. The conduct of those 
concessional activities by the Group, including their commercial operation, depends on public authorities' 
decisions and authorisations. The public authorities in those countries in which the Group has been awarded 
concessions may unilaterally cancel, suspend, terminate or withdraw such concessions on the grounds of 
public interest, the existence of material changes in economic conditions, or environmental concerns. 
The Group generally aims to carry out its activities in industrialised countries in which this risk is typically 
lower. However, there can be no assurances that the public authorities in those jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates will not make decisions that adversely affect the business of the Group by not authorising 
the exploitation of a particular project for any reason or by adversely changing the legislative and/or 
regulatory framework in which the Group operates. 
If a public authority cancels a project of the Group prior to or after the start-up of its exploitation, or if it 
terminates or provisionally or definitively withdraws a concession awarded to the Group, the Group may 
have a claim for compensation against that public authority.  However, such compensation ultimately 
awarded to the Group may be insufficient, and, should this be the case, it would have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Risks Related to Shareholdings of the Group 
Risks related to sectors, geographical markets, indebtedness and litigation 
Material amendments to the legal provisions applicable to the operating sectors of companies in which the 
Group holds shares and to the operating risks of these companies, as well as the specific risks related to the 
countries and regions in which they operate, could affect their market value and have a material adverse 
effect on the future financial condition and the results of operations of the Group. 
Any failure to fulfil payment obligations by the companies in which the Issuer holds shares, an increase of 
the borrowing costs of these companies as a consequence of higher liabilities or material fluctuations in 
interest rates, or clear cost increases as a consequence of any litigation in connection with the operation of 
their business activities, as well as corporate actions, could have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition and the results of operations and the distribution of dividends of these companies.  This could 
also have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and the results of operations and the 
profitability of the Group. 
As an example, ACS the Group holds a 30%, stake in Abertis Holdco, S.A., which holds 98.7 % of Abertis, 
S.A ("Abertis"), while its subsidiary Hochtief holds a 20% stake minus one share in Abertis Holdco, S.A. 
A significant deviation in Abertis' profitability levels could lead to a lower amount of dividends received 
by the Group, whereby Abertis' dividends become a non-negligible share of the Group's cash-flow.  
For more information see "Description of the Issuer – Shareholding in Abertis". 
Strategy of growth by acquisitions 
The acquisition of companies with a strong presence in strategically important markets for the Group as 
well as the acquisition of shareholdings in listed companies, which operate in equally strategically 
important sectors for the Group, have been a decisive factor in the Group's growth strategy. 
In the case of an economic slowdown, the opportunities for growth through acquisitions depend essentially 
on whether the Group is able to recognise strategic investment opportunities and whether it has its own 
funds and the external funds required to carry out an intended investment, in particular considering the 
possibility of a lending environment of restrictions in the jurisdictions in which the Group is active. If this 
were not the case, this could have material adverse effects on the business, the financial condition and the 
results of operations of the Group. 
In this vein, in February 2022 HOCHTIEF, through its wholly owned Australian subsidiary HOCHTIEF 
Australia Holdings Limited, which holds a stake of an approximately 78.58 % in CIMIC launched an

--- Page 27 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 21- 
66-41031997 
 
unconditional and final off-market takeover offer to acquire each CIMIC share held by the free float 
shareholders of CIMIC other than HOCHTIEF Australia. The offer price was AU$ 22 cash per CIMIC 
share. This offer may lead HOCHTIEF to increase its indirect shareholding in CIMIC to close to 100%, in 
which case a delisting of CIMIC from the stock market could occur. However, on the basis of the premium 
offered, there is a risk that this offer will not be sufficiently successful. 
The Group is exposed to cybersecurity risks 
The Group may be affected by threats and vulnerabilities in connection with information, control systems, 
or information and communications systems used by the Group, or by any consequences of unauthorised 
access to or the use, disclosure, degradation, interruption, modification or destruction of information or 
information systems, including the consequences of acts of terrorism. Any material uninsured losses and 
reputational damage caused by any cybersecurity beaches may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Interest rate risk 
Variations in interest rates modify the reasonable value of those assets and liabilities that accrue a fixed 
interest rate as well as the future flows of assets and liabilities referenced against a variable interest rate.  
The objective of the management of interest rate risk is to achieve equilibrium in the structure of debt in 
order to reduce subsequent volatility on the Group's consolidated income statement. The Group hedges its 
transactions through derivative transactions that mitigate part of these risks; however, there is no assurance 
as to the effectiveness of such measures. As of 31 December 2021, approximately 68% of the Group's total 
medium- and long-term gross debt was at a fixed rate. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
Risks in Relation to Spanish Taxation 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014, of 26 June and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011, income payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding tax in Spain 
provided that the Issuer provides, pursuant to Spanish law, certain information at the relevant time in the 
Spanish language regarding the Notes to the Spanish tax authorities. The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have 
arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The Issuer will 
withhold Spanish withholding tax from any payment in respect of any outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes (as applicable) as to which the required information has not been provided at the relevant time and 
will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax. The Agency Agreement (as defined 
herein), provides that the Fiscal Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures 
to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended 
or supplemented, to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or 
interpretation thereof or to reflect a change in applicable clearing system rules or procedures or to add 
procedures for one or more new clearing systems. See "Taxation — Taxation in Spain". None of the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealers the Fiscal Agent, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg assumes any 
responsibility therefor. 
Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, provides that any payment of interest 
made under securities originally registered in a non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity recognised by 
Spanish legislation or by the legislation of another Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development ("OECD") country will be made with no withholding or deduction from Spanish taxes 
provided that the relevant information about the Notes is received by the Issuer. In the opinion of the Issuer, 
payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction or withholding of taxes in Spain provided 
that the relevant information about the Notes is submitted by the Fiscal Agent to it, notwithstanding the 
information obligations of the Issuer under general provisions of Spanish tax legislation, by virtue of which 
identification of Spanish investors may be provided to the Spanish tax authorities. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals (and, under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding 
by such depositary or custodian at the current rate of 19 per cent.

--- Page 28 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 22- 
66-41031997 
 
If the Spanish tax authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding 
to payments made to Spanish residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax), the 
Issuer will be bound by that opinion and, with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding and 
the Issuer will not, as a result, pay additional amounts. 
Risks relating to the Spanish Insolvency Law 
The consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 May (Real 
Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) 
(the "Spanish Insolvency Law") regulates pre-insolvency and court insolvency proceedings, as opposed 
to out-of-court liquidation, which is only available when the debtor has sufficient assets to meet its liabilities. 
A debtor (and in the case of a company, its directors) is required to apply for insolvency proceedings when 
it is not able to meet its current obligations (insolvencia actual) within the term of two months as from the 
moment that it knows that it is insolvent or as from the moment it should have known it is insolvent. The 
debtor is also entitled to apply for such insolvency proceedings when it expects that it will shortly be unable 
to do so (insolvencia inminente). Insolvency proceedings are available (for debtors who are currently 
insolvent or imminently insolvent) as a type of legal protection that the debtor may request in order to avoid 
the attachment of its assets by its creditors. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to subsequent legislative initiatives that have been introduced in 
the Spanish judicial system to deal with the effects caused by COVID-19 pandemic since the State of Alarm 
that was declared on 14 March 2020, the first one being Royal Decree-Law 8/2020 of 17 March, as of today, 
in accordance with Royal Decree- Law 27/2021of 23 November, debtors that are insolvent will not have 
the duty to file for insolvency proceedings, whether or not they have notified the judge that negotiations 
have been opened with creditors to reach a refinancing agreement, to reach an out-of-court payment 
agreement (acuerdo extrajudicial de pagos) or acceptances of a company voluntary arrangement (propuesta 
anticipada de convenio) until 30 June 2022 (inclusive). Additionally, until 30 June 2022 (inclusive), judges 
will not agree to process petitions for compulsory insolvency proceedings filed by creditors. However, if a 
debtor voluntarily files for insolvency on or before 30 June 2022, this petition will be processed as a priority 
even if it comes after creditors petition for compulsory insolvency proceedings. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if 
it is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from 
the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency; (ii) provisions in a contract granting 
one party the right to terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency may not be enforceable; and (iii) 
accrual of unsecured interest (whether ordinary or default interest) shall be suspended from the date of the 
declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date shall become subordinated.  
The Spanish Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' 
rights even if the creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment. Secured and 
unsecured dissenting creditors may be written down or stayed not only once the insolvency has been 
declared by the judge as a result of the approval of a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal), but also as 
a result of a collective out-of-court restructuring agreement (acuerdo colectivo de refinanciación) without 
insolvency proceedings having been previously opened (e.g., refinancing agreements which satisfy certain 
requirements and are validated by the judge), in both scenarios (i) to the extent that certain qualified 
majorities are achieved and unless (ii) some exceptions in relation to the kind of claim or creditor apply 
(which would not be the case for the Notes). 
The majorities legal regime envisaged for these purposes also hinges on (i) the type of the specific 
restructuring measure which is intended to be imposed (e.g., extensions, debt reductions, debt for equity 
swaps, etc.) as well as (ii) on the part of claims to be written-down (i.e. secured or unsecured, depending 
on the value of the collateral as calculated pursuant to the rules established in the Spanish Insolvency Law). 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors' agreement during the insolvency 
proceedings, and accordingly, shall always be subject to the measures contained therein, if passed. 
Additionally, liabilities from those creditors considered specially related persons for the purpose of Article 
283 of the Spanish Insolvency Law would not be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the 
majorities required for the collective out-of-court restructuring agreement (acuerdo colectivo de 
refinanciación).

--- Page 29 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 23- 
66-41031997 
 
As such, certain provisions of the Spanish Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims 
relating to the Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive 
restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the 
efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending 
Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (Directive on restructuring and insolvency) is pending implementation Spain 
and, on that respect, the Spanish Government passed a draft bill (proyecto de ley) for the amendment of the 
Spanish Insolvency Law on 21 December 2021. This draft bill has been already submitted with the Spanish 
Congress and is expected to be discussed and approved in the coming months. The current draft bill foresees 
numerous changes to the current version of the law with respect to pre-insolvency mechanisms which are 
aimed at avoiding debtors from being declared insolvent. 
Conflicts of interest – Calculation Agent  
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable 
by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche 
is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to 
the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity 
Notes may be redeemable prior to maturity at the Issuer's option in certain circumstances, and an optional 
redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be 
expected to redeem Notes when their cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that may convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant tranche of Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 24- 
66-41031997 
 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes  
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to 
be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not 
change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of 
the relevant reference rate. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the 
existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate be lower than the relevant margin. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU.  Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the UK.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or 
index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area.  The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation), or result in adverse consequences to 
holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are 
linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs.  Such an event 
may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements

--- Page 31 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 25- 
66-41031997 
 
include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative 
rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance 
with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to 
the Notes may not achieve this objective.  Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.  In 
certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate 
of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to 
develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates 
for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect 
the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates

--- Page 32 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 26- 
66-41031997 
 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending.  As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate.  For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.

--- Page 33 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 27- 
66-41031997 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
an English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts (including the English 
translations of the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) (pages 1-207 of the pdf) and pages 
234-235 of the consolidated Directors' report of the Issuer (pages 440-441 of the pdf) in respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/06_junta_general_acci
onistas/2022/4%20Cuentas%20Consolidadas_ENG.pdf  
2. 
an English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts (including the English 
translations of the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) (pages 1-192 of the pdf) and pages 
278-279 of the consolidated Directors' report of the Issuer (pages 470-471 of the pdf) in respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/06_junta_general_acci
onistas/2021/4_Cuentas%20Consolidado%202020_ENG.pdf  
3. 
the 2021 Result Report and the 2021 Result Presentation are deemed to be incorporated in to, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus. These documents are available on the issuer website, section 
Shareholders & Investors, Quarterly Results; 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/04_resultados_trimest
rales/2021/ACS%20Results%20Report%202021_English.pdf  
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/04_resultados_trimest
rales/2021/ACS%202021%20Results%20Presentation.pdf 
4. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 31-59 of the Base Prospectus dated 6 
May 2021 relating to the Programme (the "2021 Conditions"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%202
015/ACS%20EMTN%202021%20Update%20-%20Base%20Prospectus%20%28Final%20Versi
on%29%20265636-260250194-46%20v0.2.pdf 
5. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 30-58 of the Base Prospectus dated 15 
May 2020 relating to the Programme (the "2020 Conditions"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%202
015/Base%20Prospectus%20ACS%20%28Approval%29%20.pdf  
6. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 31-57 of the Base Prospectus dated 9 
May 2019 relating to the Programme (the "2019 Conditions"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%202
015/Octubre_2017_todos/ACS%20EMTN%20Update%202019%20Base%20Prospectus%20%2
8approval%20version%29%20237809-3-32%20v0.4.pdf 
7. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 30-54 of the Base Prospectus dated 8 
May 2018 relating to the Programme (the "2018 Conditions"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%202
015/Octubre_2017_todos/ACS%20EMTN%20Update%202018%20%E2%80%93%20Base%20
Prospectus%20NEW%20FINAL%20FOR%20APPROVAL%20.pdf  
8. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 26-49 of the Base Prospectus dated 9 
May 2017 relating to the Programme (the "2017 Conditions"); 
https://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%202
015/Octubre_2017_todos/2_1_Programa%20EMTN_folleto%20informativo_julio_2014.pdf

--- Page 34 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 28- 
66-41031997 
 
9. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 26-48 of the Base Prospectus dated 9 
May 2016 relating to the Programme (the "2016 Conditions"); 
http://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%2020
15/acs_emtn_update_2016_-_programme_base_prospectus.pdf  
10. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 26-48 of the Base Prospectus dated 21 
July 2015 relating to the Programme (the "2015 Conditions"); 
http://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%2020
15/acs_emtn_update_2015_-_programme_base_prospectus.pdf 
; and 
11. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 26-48 of the Base Prospectus dated 1 
July 2014 relating to the Programme (the "2014 Conditions").  
http://www.grupoacs.com/ficheros_editor/File/03_accionistas_inversores/10bis%20Bonos%2020
15/acs_emtn_programme_base_prospectus_final_version.pdf   
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and have been filed with 
Euronext Dublin. Any information contained in or documents themselves incorporated by reference in the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website included in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 29- 
66-41031997 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the 
Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has 
included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the 
Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time 
of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.   
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the 
"Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note 
(the "Securities Note") containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if 
necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 36 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 30- 
66-41031997 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which 
is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking SA, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D 
Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global

--- Page 37 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 31- 
66-41031997 
 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") if either 
of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as

--- Page 38 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 32- 
66-41031997 
 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business; or  
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 39 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 33- 
66-41031997 
 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 40 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 34- 
66-41031997 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms shall 
not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may complete any 
information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. (the "Issuer") has established a 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €1,500,000,000 
in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 9 May 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Société Générale 
Luxembourg as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named 
therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 9 May 2022 executed 
and delivered by the Issuer in relation to the Notes (the "Deed of Covenant"). 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing 
at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the 
holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 41 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 35- 
66-41031997 
 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre;  
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be 
postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after 
the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 42 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 36- 
66-41031997 
 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 43 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 37- 
66-41031997 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 44 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 38- 
66-41031997 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) 
such percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be 
specified under "Redemption Amount" in the relevant Final Terms, or as determined in accordance 
with these Conditions; 
"Equity" means the share capital subscribed and paid in, plus issue premiums, plus reserves, plus 
translation differences, plus net profit and loss, plus the figure for minority interests, less interim 
dividends paid during the year, calculated by reference to the most recent publicly available audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (as at the date of the Base Prospectus, Thomson Reuters) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person 
which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Exchangeable Bonds" means Relevant Indebtedness that confers on the holder the right (the 
"Exchangeable Bond Right") to exchange such Relevant Indebtedness for, or convert such 
Relevant Indebtedness into, or otherwise purchase, subscribe or acquire, any Exchange Securities 
and/or receive a cash payment determined by reference to the market value of such Exchange 
Securities and where the relevant Security Interest is limited (directly or indirectly and whether by 
a Security Interest in respect of any rights under a call option or similar arrangement or stock 
lending or similar arrangement) to: 
(a) 
one time the maximum number of such Exchange Securities that would be required to be 
delivered to holders on exercise of the Exchangeable Bond Right (or by reference to which 
any such cash payment is to be calculated), any rights or entitlements (including in respect 
of dividends or distributions) in respect of such Exchange Securities and rights as against 
any custodian or similar entity in respect thereof; and/or  
(b) 
rights as against any paying agent or similar entity in respect of the Exchangeable Bonds 
over or in respect of amounts held by such agent or other entity for payment in respect of 
the Exchangeable Bonds; and/or  
(c) 
the shares in the capital of any special purpose financing vehicle which issues the 
Exchangeable Bonds; and/or 
(d) 
such other assets or rights as may be determined by the relevant trustee, comisario or such 
other person responsible for making such determinations in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Exchangeable Bonds;  
"Exchange Securities" means for the purposes of the definition of Exchangeable Bonds, any 
shares of any company (excluding shares of the Issuer itself), and shall include any depositary or 
other receipts or certificates representing any such shares of such company; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 45 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 39- 
66-41031997 
 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;  
"Hochtief Group" means Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date);

--- Page 46 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 40- 
66-41031997 
 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than the 
Hochtief Group): 
(a) 
whose total assets or gross revenues (or, where the Subsidiary in question is obliged by 
applicable law to prepare consolidated accounts, whose total consolidated assets or gross 
consolidated revenues) at any relevant time represent no less than 10 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues, respectively, of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries, as calculated by reference to the then latest consolidated audited annual 
accounts or consolidated semi-annual reports of the Issuer and the latest annual accounts 
or semi-annual reports of each relevant Subsidiary (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, 
provided that in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to 
which the then latest consolidated audited annual accounts or consolidated semi-annual 
reports of the Issuer relate, then for the purpose of applying each of the foregoing tests, 
the reference to the Issuer's latest consolidated audited annual accounts or consolidated 
semi-annual reports shall be deemed to be a reference to such accounts or reports as if 
such Subsidiary had been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial 
statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors of the Issuer for the time being 
after consultations with the Issuer; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary 
which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary. 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or its 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or 
(ii) such percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Ordinary Course of Business" means (i) construction of all types of public and private works 
and all types of industrial, commercial and financial activities and operations directly or indirectly 
related to said construction work; (ii) the development, construction, restoration, and sale of urban 
development works and all types of buildings destined for industrial, commercial or residential use 
on a proprietary or non-proprietary basis; (iii) the execution of all types of study, advising, 
technical assistance and, in general, all kinds of services relating to construction and the real estate 
business; (iv) maintenance and upkeep of works and installations and the execution of urban, 
industrial, energy, logistics, port and passenger transport services; (v) the activities carried on by 
the company Xfera Móviles, S.A.; (vi) the promotion, development, construction and operation of 
infrastructure and service concessions; and (vii) any other activity contemplated by the constitutive 
documents of the Issuer or relevant Material Subsidiary from time to time; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 47 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 41- 
66-41031997 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest in existence on the Issue Date to the extent that it secures 
Indebtedness outstanding on such date; 
(b) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law or in the Ordinary Course of Business of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries which does not materially impair the 
operation of the relevant business; 
(c) 
any Security Interest to secure Project Finance Debt;  
(d) 
any Security Interest over or affecting any Exchangeable Bonds; and 
(e) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d) above and that 
secures Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Indebtedness secured by all other 
Security Interests permitted under this paragraph, does not exceed 10 per cent. of the 
Equity of the Issuer (or its equivalent in other currencies);  
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Project Finance Assets" means the assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, shares (or other 
interests)) of a Project Finance Entity; 
"Project Finance Entity" means any entity in which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries holds an 
interest whose only assets and business are constituted by: (i) the ownership, creation, development, 
construction, improvement, exploitation or operation of one or more of such entity's assets, or (ii) 
shares (or other interests) in the capital of other entities that satisfy limb (i) of this definition;

--- Page 48 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 42- 
66-41031997 
 
"Project Finance Debt" means any Relevant Indebtedness: 
(a) 
incurred by a Project Finance Entity in respect of the activities of such entity or another 
Project Finance Entity in which it holds shares (or other interests); or 
(b) 
any Subsidiary formed exclusively for the purpose of financing a Project Finance Entity, 
where, in each case, the holders of such Relevant Indebtedness have no recourse against the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries (or its or their respective assets), except for recourse to (y) the Project 
Finance Assets of such Project Finance Entities; and (z) in the case of (b) above only, the 
Subsidiary incurring such Relevant Indebtedness; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate;  
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (where relevant, in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 49 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 43- 
66-41031997 
 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any listing authority, stock exchange or quotation 
system in respect of negotiable securities (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter 
securities market); and 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
50 per cent or more of the Voting Rights of which is at the relevant time directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled by the first Person; or  
(b) 
whose affairs and policies at such time the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of Voting Rights, share capital, contract, the power to appoint and 
remove the majority members of the board of directors or others governing body or 
otherwise; or  
(c) 
whose financial statements are at such time, in accordance with applicable law and 
generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with the first Person's financial 
statements; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro;  
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended; and 
"Voting Rights" means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the 
relevant entity (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall 
have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) or to elect the 
majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of the relevant entity. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;

--- Page 50 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 44- 
66-41031997 
 
(ii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iii) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iv) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;  
(vi) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(vii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons 
will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of 
any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No 
person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) 
of the Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 281 of the restated text of the 
Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (texto refundido 
de la Ley Concursal, aprobado por el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo) (the 
"Spanish Insolvency Law") or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future and 
subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims 
relating to the Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 281 of the Spanish Insolvency 
Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and 
credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits 
and the rights of shareholders. 
Accrued and unpaid interest due in respect of the Notes at the commencement of an insolvency 
proceeding (concurso) of the Issuer will qualify as subordinated credits. Accrual of interest on the 
Notes shall be suspended as from the date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) in relation 
to the Issuer.

--- Page 51 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 45- 
66-41031997 
 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries (other than the Hochtief Group) will, create or permit to subsist any 
Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto 
securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes 
as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, 
SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:

--- Page 52 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 46- 
66-41031997 
 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and   
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA 
Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 53 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 47- 
66-41031997 
 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 54 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 48- 
66-41031997 
 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D)  
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date.  
(iii) 
If the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".  
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA

--- Page 55 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 49- 
66-41031997 
 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
 For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑𝑑
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in:   
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including , the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement

--- Page 56 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 50- 
66-41031997 
 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms  or if no such period is specified, five London 
Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p " London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i".  
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day and (B) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only 
of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), or (b) if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the

--- Page 57 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 51- 
66-41031997 
 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 7(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 7(f)(iv) below will apply.  
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) 
and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:

--- Page 58 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 52- 
66-41031997 
 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interet Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period 
is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 7(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so 
appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for:

--- Page 59 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 53- 
66-41031997 
 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.  In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(a) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(b) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(c) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(b) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:

--- Page 60 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 54- 
66-41031997 
 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(a) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(b) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the

--- Page 61 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 55- 
66-41031997 
 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 
7(f)(iv) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders.  
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes 
take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7(f) and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration

--- Page 62 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 56- 
66-41031997 
 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate);

--- Page 63 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 57- 
66-41031997 
 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five 
TARGET Business Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), if, where any Rate of Interest is 
to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be 
determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR 
reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference 
rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference 
rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(g)(v), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but

--- Page 64 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 58- 
66-41031997 
 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝑜𝑜𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal 
place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of 
the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, 
as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified 
shall be five;  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of 
England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) 
on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, 
if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as

--- Page 65 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 59- 
66-41031997 
 
defined in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final 
Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift Period for the purposes of that definition in 
Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant 
Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the provisions of Condition 7(m) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply.  
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof 
shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.  
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note 
for which the Reference rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 7(m)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with this Condition 7(m)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with this Condition 7(m)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(m).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in

--- Page 66 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 60- 
66-41031997 
 
accordance with this Condition 7(m) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(m) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent 
Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(m).  
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that:  
(A)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in this Condition 7(m)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 7(m) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(m)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(m) in the event 
of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 7(m) and the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 7(m), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at 
the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to 
the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 7(m)).  
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(m) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
 confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 7(m); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 67 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 61- 
66-41031997 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith 
in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
As used in this Condition 7(m):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or    
(C)  
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 7(m) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(m).  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 68 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 62- 
66-41031997 
 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 7(m). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, 
if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment

--- Page 69 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 63- 
66-41031997 
 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and  
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised international 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as 
is referred to in this Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 8(b). 
(c) 
Par redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Par Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their 
principal amount on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their principal 
amount plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Make-Whole redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Make-Whole Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, 
as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
The "Make-Whole Redemption Amount'' will be the higher of: 
(i) 
the principal amount of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the product of the principal amount of the Notes and the price, expressed as a percentage 
of the principal amount of the Notes (rounded to four decimal places with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards), at which the then current yield on the Notes on the Reference Date 
would be equal to the current yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) 
at the Reference Time on the Reference Date of the relevant Benchmark Security plus 
the Make-Whole Margin, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided however that, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the Par 
Redemption Date (if specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
will be the principal amount of the Notes.

--- Page 70 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 64- 
66-41031997 
 
The "Benchmark Security", the "Reference Time", the "Make Whole Margin" and the "Par 
Redemption Date" will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided however that, if "Linear 
Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the current yield of the 
Benchmark Security shall be determined by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one 
twelfth of a year) of the yield of the two Benchmark Securities specified in the Final Terms. 
The "Reference Date" means the date which is the third London Business Day prior to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 8(c) (Par redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 8(d) (Make-Whole 
redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 8(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 8(d) (Make-Whole redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
as the case may be, shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put): If the Investor Put is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued 
to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8(e), the holder of a Note 
must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
(or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying 
Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note 
is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No 
Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 
8(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any 
such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the 
depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant 
Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing 
Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding 
Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(e), the depositor of such Note 
and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption or Purchase at the option of the Noteholders on a Put Event (Change of Control Put): 
If the Change of Control Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if at 
any time while any Note remains outstanding a Change of Control occurs (a "Put Event"), each 
holder of the Notes shall have the option (unless, before the giving of the Put Event Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer shall have given notice under Condition 8(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons) to redeem the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase 
(or procure the purchase of) any of its Notes at their principal amount together with (or, where 
purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to but excluding the Put Date (as 
defined below). Such option (the "Put Option") shall operate as set out below. 
If a Put Event occurs then, within 14 days of the occurrence of the Put Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Put Option. 
In order to exercise the Put Option, the holder of a Note must, during the period commencing on 
the occurrence of a Put Event and ending 60 days after such occurrence or, if later, 60 days after 
the date on which the Put Event Notice is given to Noteholders as required by this Condition 8(f) 
(the "Put Period"), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons

--- Page 71 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 65- 
66-41031997 
 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that 
if, prior to the relevant Put Date, any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or payment 
of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused on the Put Date, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been 
given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 8(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Note for all purposes. 
The Issuer shall at its option redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes the subject 
of each Put Option Notice given under this Condition 8(f) on the date (the "Put Date") which is 
seven days after the expiration of the Put Period unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(f): 
A "Change of Control" shall have occurred if one or more individuals or legal entities, acting 
individually or in concert, acquires control of the Issuer; and for the purposes of these Conditions 
"control" shall mean (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights or 
(ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors 
or other governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by 
ownership of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise and "controlled" 
shall be construed accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, any agreement or action in concert by 
two or more Existing Shareholders of the Issuer that does not give rise to a mandatory Takeover 
Bid under Spanish law shall not be, or be deemed to be, a Change of Control except when any such 
parties have previously launched a Takeover Bid but in doing so acquired (combined with their 
existing stake) less than 50 per cent. of the voting rights;  
"Existing Shareholders" means the shareholders who appear as significant shareholders of the 
Issuer in the registry of significant shareholders of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores 
on the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes; and 
"Takeover Bid" means any offer by one or more persons to acquire all of the issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event (as defined 
below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17, redeem or purchase (or procure 
the purchase of), at its option, the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, 
in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption or purchase. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
A "Substantial Purchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 85 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these 
purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is purchased by 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with Condition 8(j) (and in each case is cancelled 
in accordance with Condition 8(k)).  
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (which notice shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (the "Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date")), redeem the Notes 
comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their principal amount together with any

--- Page 72 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 66- 
66-41031997 
 
accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no 
earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not 
more than 10 years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity 
of more than ten years. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (h) above. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer 
to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
any adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that

--- Page 73 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 67- 
66-41031997 
 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a 
fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become 
void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.  
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 9(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
8(d) (Make-Whole redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders (Investor Put)), Condition 8(g) (Redemption or Purchase at the option of the 
Noteholders on a Put Event (Change of Control Put)), Condition 8(h) (Redemption following a 
Substantial Purchase Event), Condition 8(i) (Residual Maturity Call Option) or Condition 11 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by 
paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, 
if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any 
Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 74 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 68- 
66-41031997 
 
10. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts 
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could have been able to avoid such 
deduction or withholding by presenting a certificate of tax residence and/or such other 
document evidencing its tax residence required by the competent tax authorities or in 
relation to whom the Issuer does not receive any relevant information about the Notes 
(including due to any failure by the Fiscal Agent to provide the information required by 
Royal Decree 1065/2007) as may be required in order to comply with Spanish tax 
disclosure obligations applicable at that time; or 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Note 
or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Note 
or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition, none of the Issuer, any paying agent 
or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to any withholding 
or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note pursuant to Section 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, regulation or other 
official guidance implementing FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer, a paying agent or 
any other person and the United States, any other jurisdiction, or any authority of any of the 
foregoing implementing FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed 
as references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 7 days 
of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes 
within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after 
written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or  
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer:   
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;

--- Page 75 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 69- 
66-41031997 
 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or 
the like (howsoever described); 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by 
it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness;  
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph 
(ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above 
have occurred equals or exceeds €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or  
(d) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is insolvent or bankrupt or unable 
to pay its debts, or is declared or a voluntary request has been submitted to a relevant court for the 
declaration of insolvency or bankruptcy, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or of the 
whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (or application 
for any such appointment is made), or (iii) the Issuer takes any action for a readjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its 
Indebtedness or any guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it; or 
(e) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except 
for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(f) 
Distress: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process for an amount equal to or in excess 
of €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is levied, enforced or sued 
out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
(g) 
Enforcement of charges: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance present or future 
securing an amount equal to or in excess of €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies), created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes 
enforceable or any step is taken to enforce it (including by the taking of possession or the 
appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar person); 
or 
(h) 
Suspension: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops, suspends or threatens publicly to 
stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, proposes 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes 
into effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(i) 
Illegality: it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of 
its obligations under or in respect of any of the Notes; or 
(j) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain has a similar 
effect to any of the events referred to in the foregoing paragraphs of this Condition 11, 
then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Notes may, by written notice to the 
Issuer, declare that such Notes or Note (as the case may be) and (if the Notes or Note are or is 
interest-bearing) all interest then accrued but unpaid on such Notes or Note (as the case may be) 
shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall (to the extent permitted by applicable 
Spanish law) become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount, together with 
all interest accrued thereon without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all 
of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become 
subordinated if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales)

--- Page 76 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 70- 
66-41031997 
 
within one month from the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency (if 
the insolvency proceeding is declared as abridged, the term to report may be reduced to fifteen 
days) in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado), (ii) actions deemed detrimental 
for the insolvent estate of the insolvency debtor carried out during the two year period preceding 
the date of its declaration of insolvency may be rescinded, (iii) provisions in a contract granting 
one party the right to terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency may not be enforceable, 
and (iv) accrual of interest (other than interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount 
equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) shall be suspended as from the date of the 
declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date and unpaid (other 
than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset 
subject to the security) shall become subordinated. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within 
ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), 
subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent;  
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the

--- Page 77 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 71- 
66-41031997 
 
request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less 
than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties 
to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
17. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin or, in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers).  
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding the above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by 
a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or 
the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or 
a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with this Condition on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) or published on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
18. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer,

--- Page 78 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 72- 
66-41031997 
 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon 
receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
19. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes are governed by English law. Condition 4 (Status) is governed by Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 20(b) (English courts) 
is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 20 (Governing law 
and Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders 
may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London 
EC2V 7EX, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other 
address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.  
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere.

--- Page 79 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 73- 
66-41031997 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of a particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 80 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 74- 
66-41031997 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
[Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any distributor should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
("EUWA"), or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore)(as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets

--- Page 81 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 75- 
66-41031997 
 
products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 95980020140005558665 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
€1,500,000,000 
[Euro Medium Term Note Programme] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 May 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
[2021/2020/2019/2018/2017/2016/2015/2014] Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus dated 9 May 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 9 May 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [6 May 
2021/15 May 2020/9 May 2019/4 May 2018/9 May 2017/9 May 2016/21 July 2015/1 July 2014] and are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [is] [are] available for viewing on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and at the Issuer's website at 
www.grupoacs.com [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from 
[address]].  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended. 1 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 Issuer: 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, 
S.A. 
2. 
 [(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
 
1 
When preparing Final Terms prepared in relation to an issuance of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated 
market, Prospectus Regulation references are to be removed.

--- Page 82 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 76- 
66-41031997 
 
referred to in paragraph [20] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•] 
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]+/– 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•]/[100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. (N.B. Redemption amount 
cannot be less than 100 per cent.) 
10. 
 Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 15/16/17/18 below)] 
12. 
 [(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes] obtained: 
[•]

--- Page 83 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 77- 
66-41031997 
 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis] 
14. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only 
be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention, 
insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 84 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 78- 
66-41031997 
 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation Method:  
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period:  
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D:  
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[•] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number 
of 
Index Days 
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
• 
 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(e), 7(f) 
or 7(g) [•] [London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to each Interest Payment 
Date.] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•]

--- Page 85 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 79- 
66-41031997 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
/ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions]. 
 
• 
Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding Method:  
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 86 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 80- 
66-41031997 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
 Par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[Any date, beginning on, and including, the Issue 
Date and ending on, but excluding, the Maturity 
Date/specify other] 
 
(ii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
16. 
 Make-Whole Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[Any date, beginning on, and including, the Issue 
Date and ending on, but excluding, the Maturity 
Date/specify other] 
 
(ii) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
  
 
[(a) 
Benchmark Security(ies): 
[Insert applicable Benchmark Security(ies)] 
 
[(b) 
Reference Time: 
[•]

--- Page 87 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 81- 
66-41031997 
 
 
[(c) 
Make Whole Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
[(d) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[•] 
 
[(e) 
Linear Interpolations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(f) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
17. 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. 
 Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19. 
 Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
 Final Redemption Amount of each Note  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
 Redemption Amount 
 
 
Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
 Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]  
 
 
 
23. 
 New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 88 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 82- 
66-41031997 
 
24. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
sub-paragraph 15(v) relates] 
25. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left.] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of  
ACS, ACTIVIDADES DE CONSTRUCCIÓN Y SERVICIOS, S.A. 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 89 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 83- 
66-41031997 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on [the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin /[•]] with effect from [•].] 
 
 (ii) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin] with effect from [•]/Not 
Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
financing, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
3. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
 
 
 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 90 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 84- 
66-41031997 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D] 
 
6. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]]

--- Page 91 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 85- 
66-41031997 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
Option 2  - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the 
[relevant 
competent 
authority]/[European 
Securities and Markets Authority] . 
Option 3  - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA 
but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"). 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under 
the CRA Regulation

--- Page 92 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 86- 
66-41031997 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but is certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation").  
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the 
EEA nor certified under the CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation   
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation.] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer:   
[  ] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base 
Prospectus/Give details] [If reasons 
differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
 
8. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011, 
as 
amended, apply such that [administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 93 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 87- 
66-41031997 
 
9. 
JAPANESE OFFEREES 
 
[In the case where the Japanese offerees are limited to Qualified Institutional Investors only, 
and therefore the Issuer relies upon the Qualified Institutional Investor private placement 
exemption (the Issuer must appoint its attorney in Japan): 
[The Notes have not been and will not be registered in Japan pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 
1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, 
the "FIEA") in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements since the 
offering constitutes the private placement to qualified institutional investors only. 
A transferor of the Notes shall not transfer or resell them except where a transferee is a 
qualified institutional investor under Article 10 of the Cabinet Office Ordinance concerning 
Definitions provided in Article 2 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(the Ministry of Finance Ordinance No. 14 of 1993, as amended).]] 
[In the case where the Japanese offerees are fewer than 50, and therefore the Issuer relies 
upon the small number private placement exemption: 
[The Notes have not been and will not be registered in Japan pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 
1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, 
the "FIEA") in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements since the 
offering constitutes the small number private placement. 
A transferor of the Notes shall not transfer or resell the Notes except where the transferor 
transfers or resells all the Notes en bloc to one transferee.]] 
[Second sentence above can be replaced with the following if preferrable: 
[The Note is not permitted to be divided into any unit less than the minimum denomination.]]

--- Page 94 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 88- 
66-41031997 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by 
a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common 
depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of 
the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto 
and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day : In the case of a Global Note , shall be : if the currency of payment is euro, any day 
which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent 
specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised.  Any such 
notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(c) 
(Par redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 8(d) (Make-Whole redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such

--- Page 95 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 89- 
66-41031997 
 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 96 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 90- 
66-41031997 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General Information 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. (the "Issuer" or "ACS") was incorporated in Spain on 
13 October 1942 under the name Obras y Construcciones Industriales, S.A. In 1993 it changed its name to 
OCP Construcciones, S.A. following a merger with Construcciones Padrós, S.A. In 1997, it adopted its 
current name following a merger with Ginés Navarro Construcciones, S.A. The Issuer is a publicly listed 
company (sociedad anónima cotizada) incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain and registered 
in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid in sheet M-30221. 
The Issuer's registered office is located at Avenida de Pío XII, 102, 28036, Madrid, Spain, with telephone 
number +34 91 343 9200. 
The Issuer operates under the commercial name ACS. 
Group Structure 
The Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, its affiliates and joint ventures (collectively, the "Group") 
operate as a diversified group, both in terms of its geographic reach and the nature of its activities. As at 31 
December 2021, the Group comprised the Issuer, its 578 subsidiaries and its 273 affiliates and joint 
ventures. For further information, see "Organisational Structure" below. 
The Group's Business 
General overview 
The Group is a worldwide reference in the industry of infrastructure. A global group with leading positions 
across its core activities of construction, concessions, public-private partnerships and facility management 
services. 
The Group is one of the largest Spanish corporate groups operating in its field in terms of market 
capitalisation (source: Bloomberg), with over 25 years' experience. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Group is active across five continents and in over forty countries. 
The Group has been operating through three business units: 
• 
Infrastructure: the Infrastructure Unit focuses on the design, construction, implementation, 
development and, in some cases, operation of civil works and infrastructure projects, including 
concessions;  
• 
Services: the Services Business Unit focuses on providing facility management services for both 
public and private entities; and 
• 
Industrial Services:the Industrial Services Business Unit was focused on developing, constructing, 
maintaining and operating energy supply as well as industrial and mobility infrastructure projects. 
At the end of 2021, the majority of this division was sold, although some renewable energy and 
water management assets remained within the Group. 
Infrastructure Unit 
Construction Business Sub-Unit 
In 2021, the Group's Construction Business Sub-Unit comprised one of the largest construction groups by 
revenue in Europe (source: Engineering News Record, August 2021 (The 250 International Contractors)) 
and engaged in the development of infrastructure projects worldwide. 
The principal Group companies operating within the Construction Business Sub-Unit are Dragados, S.A. 
("Dragados"), HOCHTIEF Aktiengesellschaft ("Hochtief"), CIMIC Group (Australia) ("CIMIC"), 
Turner Construction Company (America) ("Turner"), Flatiron Construction Corporation (America) 
("Flatiron"), Dragados USA Inc. (America), Dragados Canada Inc. (America) and Shiavone Construction 
Company (America).

--- Page 97 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 91- 
66-41031997 
 
The Construction Business Sub-Unit is divided into the following areas of activity: 
Civil Works: activities related to the development of infrastructure such as highways, railways, ports and 
airports 
Building: Residential buildings, social facilities and installations 
Projects related to the mining sector: Mining service contracts and the required infrastructure for the 
mining activity 
Concessions Business Sub-Unit 
The Group is one of the leading concession operators and developers in the world (primarily involving the 
development of transport concessions from project inception). As at 31 December 2021, the Group had a 
portfolio of 50 concession and PPP projects, with €30.3 billion total investment management and €0.6 
billion of committed equity. 
The activities of the Concessions Business Sub-Unit are focused primarily on Iridium Concesiones de 
Infraestructuras, S.A. ("Iridium"), which is the umbrella company for the active Group subsidiaries in this 
business sub-unit. Iridium has interests in companies operating under concession contracts, which mostly 
specialise in marketing concessions for transport infrastructure and public facilities. The Group is also 
active in the concessions business through the companies Abertis, HOCHTIEF PPP Solutions AG 
("Hochtief PPP") and PACIFIC Partnerships.  
In addition, the Concessions Business Sub-Unit conducts activities such as project identification, bid 
preparation, contracting with regard to awarded projects, financing and developing the respective 
concessionaire companies, as well as managing, operating and implementing concessions in Spain and 
around the world. 
The types of projects in which the Concessions Business Sub-Unit is usually involved include: 
• 
Transport infrastructure: concessions over motorways, underground and overground railway 
lines; 
• 
Public facilities: hospitals, prisons and other public facilities; and 
• 
Other activities: bus and train stations and parking zones. 
Services Business Unit 
The Services Business Unit provides facility management services. 
Clece, S.A. ("Clece") is an entity that specialises in staff management and resource optimisation, and has 
an extensive portfolio of activities which can be divided into three main areas: Social Services, Integrated 
Services and Environmental Services. Integrated Services activities include services required for the 
optimum operation of properties for public or private use (maintenance of installations, cleaning and 
auxiliary services). Environmental Services include services such as gardening, reforestation, 
environmental recovery, educational activities, environmental disclosure and development of natural 
heritage sites. Social Services include care services for social groups with a dependent status, airport 
services and innovative activities such as social restoration and energy efficiency. 
Other assets 
The sale of Industrial Services was closed on 30 December 2021: however, a portion of such assets remain 
part of the Group.  
Vinci and ACS have agreed on the specific terms of the creation and operation of a joint venture to which 
they will contribute, once they are completed, connected to the grid and ready to produce, all the renewable 
assets developed by the Industrial Division object of the agreement, at least, in the eight and a half years

--- Page 98 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 92- 
66-41031997 
 
following the execution of the sale. VINCI will have 51% of political and economic rights and ACS the 
remaining 49%, an essential element in the transaction’s value creation for the ACS Group. 
Historical financial information in respect of the Group 
Comparative information 
In order to facilitate the comparison of the periods, the financial information of the Issuer presented in this 
Base Prospectus has been subject to restatement, adjustment and reclassification for items considered as 
non-recurring. Specifically, the Industrial Services activity has been restated as discontinued operations in 
2020, as a result of the sale of the majority of the Industrial Services assets at the end of 2021. In addition, 
Thiess (CIMIC) has been reclassified as operating Equity Method in 2020, eliminating 50% of its 
contribution after its sale at year-end, and the remaining 50% is consolidated as an equity method in 2021. 
Finally, the different items of the income statement have been adjusted for impacts considered to be non-
recurrent in both periods. In particular, the impacts for 2020 include the effect of Gorgon (CIMIC), the 
capital gain and the elimination of goodwill in Thiess, and financial results from derivatives of the Issuer. 
Other non-recurrent impacts in 2021 include the earn-out of Urbaser, the effect of non-amortization of 
Industrial Services assets, and the financial results from derivatives of the Issuer. 
The following table sets out certain key performance indicators of the Group as at and for the years 
ending 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2020* 
2021 
Variation 2020 
vs. 2021 
 
(in millions of euro except earnings per share and percentages) 
Revenue 
29,305 
27,837 
-5.01% 
Backlog1* 
60,425 
67,262 
11.31% 
Months (Backlog/Revenue) x 12* 
23 
26 
  
EBITDA2* 
1,384 
1,598 
15.46% 
EBITDA Margin3* 
4.7% 
5.7% 
  
EBIT4* 
941 
1,084 
15.20% 
EBIT Margin5* 
3.2% 
3.9% 
  
Profit attributable to the parent* 
574 
3,045 
430.49% 
EPS6* 
1.95 
10.74 
  
Cash flow from Operating Activities* 
1,142 
203 
-82.22% 
Net Cash flows from Investment Activities and Financials 
-81 
4,844 
 
(*)  2020 restated 
 
 
 
 _______________  
1 
Backlog represents the orders and contracts which have already been agreed, but not yet completed. 
2 
The EBITDA for any relevant period is the result of Revenue less Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress, 
Capitalised expenses of in-house work on assets, Procurements, Other operating income, personnel expenses, Other operating 
expenses, losses on impairment and trade-related provisions, variation, allocation of grants relating to non-financial assets and 
others and Ordinary result of companies accounted using the equity method. 
3 
The EBITDA Margin is the division between EBITDA and Revenues. 
4 
EBIT for any relevant period is the result of Revenue less Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress, 
Capitalised expenses of in-house work on assets, Procurements, personnel expenses, Other operating income, Other operating 
expenses, Depreciation and amortization and Ordinary result of companies accounted using the equity method. 
5 
The EBIT Margin is the division between EBIT and Revenues. 
6 
Earnings per share (basic and diluted). 
(*) Restated Amounts: The amounts used to calculate figures for year 2020 are restated numbers of the ones that are shown in the 
2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts. See section "Comparative Information" above. 
 
Revenues in the period accounted for €27,837 million, remaining stable compared to 2020 with a slight 
negative impact of the exchange rate. The progressive improvement in production on a quarterly basis 
confirmed the trend towards recovery after the recession caused by COVID-19.  
Backlog as of 31 December 2021 stood at €67,262 million, 11.3% more than 2020 and at pre-pandemic 
record highs (on a comparable basis). This growth is supported by the outperformance of contracting 
activities in the core regions where the Group operates. 
The Group's EBITDA, amounted to €1,598 million a 15.5% higher than 2020. The margin over sales stood 
at 5.7%, slightly higher than the previous year.

--- Page 99 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 93- 
66-41031997 
 
EBIT reached €1,084 million, increasing by 15.2%. The margin over sales stood at 3.9%,slightly higher 
than the previous year. 
The Group's Net Profit in 2021, excluding extraordinary impacts in both periods, reached €720 million, 
growing by 32.9% yearly, supported by the recovery of traffic in Abertis’ concessions and the good 
performance of all operating activities. Abertis’ positive evolution thanks to traffic levels rebounding after 
the lifting of mobility restrictions implemented as a result of COVID-19 contributed to a significant 
improvement in operating margins and increased the Group’s net profit by €117 million compared to a 
negative contribution of €35 million in 2020. 
Including the extraordinary impacts in the period, mainly the capital gain on the sale of Industrial Services, 
the total Net Profit of the Group in 2021 amounted to €3,045 million.  
Operating results 
The following table sets out certain operating results of the Group as at and for the years ending 31 
December 2020 and 2021: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2020* 
2021 
Variation 
2020 vs. 2021 
 
(in millions of euro except percentages) 
EBITDA 
1,384 
1,598 
15.46% 
EBITDA Margin1 
4.7% 
5.7% 
  
Depreciation and amortisation 
-457 
-479 
4.81% 
Construction 
-415 
-437 
5.30% 
Industrial Services 
-2 
-1 
-50.00% 
Services 
-39 
-41 
5.13% 
Corporation 
-1 
0 
-100.00% 
Losses on impairment and trade-related provision variation  
14 
-35 
-350.00% 
EBIT 
941 
1,084 
15.20% 
EBIT Margin2 
3.21% 
3.89% 
  
 _______________  
1 
The EBITDA Margin is the division between EBITDA and Revenues. 
2 
The EBIT Margin is the division between EBIT and Revenues. 
(*) Restated amounts 
Revenues per geographical zone 
Sales during the period accounted for €27,837 million, decreasing compared to 2020. Production improved 
on a quarterly basis in the main regions where the Group operates, growing by 8.8% in the second half of 
the year compared to the first half, consolidating the trend towards recovery after the recession caused by 
COVID-19.  
The following table contains information regarding revenues per geographical zone as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2021. Sales are allocated to a specific geographical zone based on the criteria 
of the country in which works and services are delivered, regardless of the company which performs such 
work or provides such services (revenues are allocated depending on the country of residence of the 
customer): 
 
Sales per Country 
 
2020* 
% 
2021 
% 
 
 
(figures in millions of euro except percentages) 
 
US 
15,687 
53.53% 
14,824 
53.25% 
Australia 
5,054 
17.25% 
5,190 
18.64% 
Spain 
2,883 
9.84% 
2,988 
10.73% 
Canada 
1,627 
5.55% 
1,602 
5.75% 
Germany 
857 
2.92% 
926 
3.33% 
Rest of the world 
3,197 
10.91%  
2,307 
8.27%  
TOTAL 
29,305 
 
27,837

--- Page 100 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 94- 
66-41031997 
 
 
Sales per Geographical Area 
 
2020 
% 
2021 
% 
Europe 
4,721 
16.11% 
4,885 
17.55% 
North America 
17,349 
59.20% 
16,522 
59.35% 
South America 
280 
0.96% 
257 
0.92% 
Asia Pacific 
6,955 
23.73% 
6,173 
22.18% 
TOTAL 
29,305 
100.00% 
27,837 
100.00% 
 
Sales breakdown by geographical areas showed the diversification of the Group's revenue sources, where 
North America represented approximately 59% of total sales, Asia Pacific 24%, Europe 17%, from which 
Spain represented 11%, and the remaining regions 6%. North America was affected by the depreciation of 
the U.S. dollar. Not considering the impact of the exchange rate, sales in the region remained stable 
compared to the previous year. Nonetheless, the quarterly performance in the U.S. confirmed the recovery 
of the market with a particularly strong second half of the year (+4.9% in local currency vs. the first half). 
 
Backlog by countries 
 
Dec-20* 
% 
Dec-21 
% 
 
 
(figures in millions of euro except percentages) 
 
USA 
26,623.39 
44.06% 
30,049.21 
44.68% 
Australia 
17,565,33 
29.07% 
20,034.98 
29.79% 
Spain 
4,810.74 
7.96% 
5,388.44 
8.01% 
Canada 
2,986.75 
4.94% 
2,935.88 
4.36% 
Germany 
3,008.80 
4.98% 
2,925.74 
4.35% 
RoW 
5,429.67 
8.99% 
5,927.45 
8.81% 
TOTAL 
60,424.68 
 
67,261.69 
 
The Group's total backlog as of 31 December 2021 stood at €67,262 million, growing by 11.3% compared 
to last year showing a good performance in the main regions where the Group operates. Adjusted by 
exchange rate, backlog grew by 6.2%, reaching pre-pandemic record highs. This growth is supported by the 
momentum of new project awards, which exceeded €36,471 million, 41.2% more than in the same period 
of 2020.  
Australia’s Backlog increased by 12.0% in local currency, supported by the entry of new large volume 
projects in the period. Among these are the North East Link concession in Melbourne and the M6 freeway 
in Sydney, as well as major rail and energy facility development and maintenance projects. On its side, the 
U.S.’ Backlog maintained its solid position accounting for €30,049 million at December-end, representing 
an 4.2% increase in local currency terms, supported by the awards in the period amounting to more than 
€16,000 million. It is worth highlighting the reactivation of the backlog in Spain, with a 12.0% growth 
thanks to the awarding of new projects both in civil works and building. Likewise, the rest of Europe grew 
by 10.0% thanks to the boost in contracting activity in the different countries of the region. 
Cash flows 
The following table sets out the net cash flows of the Group for the years ending 31 December 2020 
and 2021: 
 
Net Cash Flow 
 
2020* 
2021 
 
TOTAL 
HOT* 
ACS ex 
HOT** 
TOTAL 
HOT* 
ACS ex 
HOT** 
 
(in millions of euro except percentages) 
Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
before Working Capital  
612 
167 
445 
1,073 
803 
270 
Operating working capital variation  
-55 
255 
-311 
-517 
-415 
-102 
Net CAPEX  
-179 
-123 
-55 
-120 
-56 
-64 
Net Operating Cash Flow from 
continuing activities  
378 
299 
79 
436 
332 
104 
Net Financial Investments/Disposals  
364 
718 
-354 
4,964 
-105 
5,069

--- Page 101 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 95- 
66-41031997 
 
Lease liabilities (IFRS 16) 
-210 
-162 
-48 
-203 
-160 
-43 
Other Financial Sources  
-1,042 
-956 
-86 
-42 
-39 
-3 
Free Cash Flow  
-510 
-101 
-409 
5,155 
28 
5,127 
Dividends paid  
-490 
-234 
-256 
-396 
-179 
-217 
Intra group Dividends  
- 
-207 
207 
- 
-140 
140 
Treasury stock acquisition  
-736 
- 
-736 
-483 
-5 
-478 
Total Cash Flow generated / 
(Consumed) Continued operations 
-1,736 
-542 
-1,194 
4,276 
-296 
4,572 
Total Cash Flow generated / 
(Consumed) Discontinued operations 
248 
- 
248 
-491 
- 
-491 
Total Cash Flow generated / 
(Consumed)  
-1,488 
-542 
-946 
3,785 
-296 
4,081 
 
 _______________  
* 
Hochtief. 
** 
Results of the Group excluding Hochtief. 
(1)     Restated amounts 
Cash flow from operating activities before working capital variations amounted to €1,073 million, 75.1% 
higher than the previous year thanks to the good performance of the operating activities. 30% of these funds 
came from the concession activity while 70% corresponded to the rest of the operating activities 
(Construction and Services). 
The operating working capital variation (factoring adjusted) resulted in a €192 million cash outflow. It was 
mainly attributable to the change in the Working Capital structure due to the migration towards “open book” 
contracts with a more balanced risk profile where no prepayments are granted. 
The Group's net operating investment amounted €120 million, while  operating lease payments represented 
a cash outflow of  €203 million in 2021. 
Shareholder’s remuneration in 2021 amounted to €879 million of which €488 million corresponded to ACS 
script dividend paid both in cash (44%) and through the delivery of shares (56%) acquired in the market 
during the year; €187 million from the payment of dividends to minority shareholders, mainly from 
HOCHTIEF and CIMIC. In addition, the Group purchased € 478 million of treasury stock, of which € 274 
million was allocated to the script dividend for the year. Lastly, HOCHTIEF purchased €5 million of 
treasury stock. 
Investments and Disposals 
The Group's total and net investments for the year ended 31 December 2021 are summarised in the 
following table:  
Investments breakdown 2021 
  
  Net CAPEX   
(a) 
Project / 
Financial 
Investments 
Financial 
Divestments 
Net Project / 
Financial 
invesments  (b) 
Total Net 
Investments 
(Cash-Flow) 
(a+b) 
Infrastructures 
 
-107.08 
-208.59 
137.39 
-71.20 
-178.28 
Dragados 
 
-51.53 
-1.88 
18.88 
17.00 
-34.53 
Hochtief 
 
-55.55 
-202.88 
97.48 
-105.40 
-160.95 
Iridium 
 
0.00 
-3.83 
21.03 
17.20 
17.20 
Industrial Services (excl. Sale collection) 
 
-0.73 
-134.96 
248.60 
113.64 
112.91 
Services   
 
-12.17 
-9.30 
28.65 
19.35 
7.18 
Corporation 
 
-0.06 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
-0.06

--- Page 102 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 96- 
66-41031997 
 
TOTAL (excl. IS's sale collection) 
 
-120.04 
-352.84 
414.64 
61.79 
-58.24 
Collection from the sale of Industrial Services 
 
- 
- 
4,902.00 
4,902.00 
4,902.00 
TOTAL  
 
-120.04 
-352.84 
5,316.64 
4,963.79 
4,843.76 
 
The Group total net investment accounted for in 2021, amounted to a negative figure of €4,844 million.   
 
The divestment of the Industrial Services division at year-end resulted in a collection of €4,902 million (not 
including dividends collected during the year from the activity totalling €78 million).  
The remaining ACS Group net investments paid/received (cash basis) in 2021 amounted to €58 million. 
This figure includes a net capital expenditure (CAPEX of €120 million, mainly corresponding to the 
construction activity and financial and project investment amounting to €353 million. The main items under 
this heading are: investments in excess of €200 million by the Unit of Infrastructure, of which €152 million 
corresponded to JV in HOCHTIEF America; investment of €135 million by Industrial Services area’s 
energy projects, mainly in Kincardine and Zero-E assets; and investments made by the Services division 
amounting to €9 million, entirely corresponding to the acquisition of Star Care, a home care services 
company in the United Kingdom. 
Other divestments stood at €415 million, corresponding nearly €100 million to the sale of several energy 
assets (transmission lines, wind farms and photovoltaic plants); €137 million which mainly corresponded 
to the sale of Presidio Parkway by Hochtief, the sale of Continental Rail by Vías and the rotation of 
concessional assets by Iridium; and €29 million basically corresponding to the collection of Urbaser's earn-
out in the Division of  Services.  
Net debt 
The following table sets out the Group's net debt by business unit as at 31 December 2021: 
Million Euros 
Infrastructure  
Services 
Industrial 
Services 
Corporation 
and 
adjustments 
ACS Group 
Bank borrowings, debt, and other 
marketable securities 
5,570 
330 
967 
3,454 
10,321 
Non-current instruments 
4,608 
211 
746 
3,005 
8,570 
Current instruments 
962 
119 
221 
449 
1,751 
Other financial liabilities 
134 
1 
0 
0 
135 
Non-current instruments 
97 
0 
-1 
0 
96 
Current instruments 
37 
1 
1 0 
39 
Companies receivables, current financial 
assets, cash and cash equivalent 
-6,574 
-217 
-5,467 
-275 
-12,533 
Other current financial assets 
-1,006 
-1 
-133 
-140 
-1,280 
Cash and cash equivalents 
-5,568 
-216 
-5,334 
-135 
-11,253 
Project finance with limited recourse 
69 0 
0 0 
69 
Non-current instruments 
51 
0 
0 
0 
51 
Current instruments 
18 
0 0 
0 
18 
TOTAL NET DEBT 2021 
-800 
114 
-4,500 
3,179 
-2,008 
 
The Group maintained a €2,008 million net cash position as of 31 December 2021, which means an increase 
of €4,688 million in the last twelve months after the completion of the sale of the Industrial Services 
division.

--- Page 103 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 97- 
66-41031997 
 
Equity 
The following table sets out the Group's equity as at 31 December 2020 and 2021: 
 
2020 
2021 
Variation 
2020 vs. 2021 
 
(in millions of euro except for percentages) 
Shareholders' Equity ...........................................................................  
4,197   
6,505 
54.99% 
Adjustments for changes in value .......................................................  
(669)   
(171) 
-74.44% 
Non-controlling interests ....................................................................  
748   
694 
-7.22% 
Total Equity ......................................................................................  
4,276   
7,028 
64,36% 
 
The Group Total Equity amounted to €7,028 million at 31 December 2021. The increase in shareholder’s 
equity was due to the capital gain from the sale of Industrial Services. Adjustments from value changes 
were mainly due to conversion differences during the period, as well as impacts from coverage transactions. 
Significant financial events in 2021 
Dividends 
On 17 December 2020, in use of the delegation granted by agreement of the Company's General 
Shareholders' Meeting held on 8 May 2020, the Board of Directors signed off the execution of the second 
scrip dividend system. The dividend was paid in February 2021, worth €0.45 per share. 60,32% of ACS 
capital opted for remuneration in shares. 
Likewise, the General Shareholders' Meeting held on 7 May 2021, signed off the scrip dividend for 2010 
worth approximately €1.85 per share to be executed in two instalments. 
In July 2021, worth approximately €1.27 per share, 59.94% of ACS capital opted for remuneration in shares. 
Mergers, acquisitions and transmission of shares 
On 31 December 2020, CIMIC Group, Hotchtief Subsidiary closed the sale of a 50% of Thiess’ equity 
interest to funds advised by Elliot, with CIMIC retaining the other 50% equity interest, exercising joint 
control over  the company. Thiess is now accounted as “Operating results from Equity method”, 
contributing to the Group’s EBITDA. The accounts in this report have been presented on a pro forma basis, 
reclassifying Thiess’ contribution for the first quarter of 2020 to make it comparable to the reporting period. 
On 30 June 2021, ACS through its subsidiary Vías y Construcciones S.A., sold to the French Group CMA 
CGM the shares representing the entire capital stock of the company Continental Rail S.A.U. for a company 
value of €19.9 million euros and capital gains of €14.8 million euros. 
On 4 October 2021, ACS, through its subsidiary Iridium SL, sold to BSIP Spain HoldCo, SL, a company 
managed by Brookfield, 80% of its 33% stake in both the concessionaire of the Hospital de Toledo and the 
operator of said hospital, for an enterprise value (100%) of €401 million, for a price of €59.3 million, and 
with capital gains between €25 and €30 million. 
On 31 December 2021, ACS and Vinci signed the public deed of sale of the majority of the Industrial 
Division of the ACS Group previously agreed on 31 March 2021. The carve-out of certain assets are still 
pending. Some of which have been executed in January 2022. The proceeds from the sale amounted to 
€4,902 million plus €78 million from dividends previously cashed in from this division. The ACS Group 
has obtained a net capital gain of €2,909 million. In addition to the above, a maximum variable cash payment 
of €600 million will be received at a rate of €40 million for each GW developed by the Industrial Division 
(up to Ready-to-Build status) between 31 March 2021 and up to 7 years following the execution of the sale, 
extendable for an additional 18 months if the Industrial Division sold fails to develop 6GW in the first 42 
months. In the same way, both parties have agreed on the specific terms of the creation and operation of a 
joint venture to which they will contribute, once they are completed, connected to the grid and ready to 
produce, all the renewable assets developed by the Industrial Division object of the agreement, at least, in 
the eight and a half years following the execution of the sale. VINCI will have 51% of political and economic

--- Page 104 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 98- 
66-41031997 
 
rights and ACS the remaining 49%, an essential element in the transaction’s value creation for the ACS 
Group. 
Loans, credits and other financial operations 
On 26 April 2021, ACS renewed its programme of short-term promissory notes (ECP) for a maximum total 
amount of €750 million, which will be listed on Euronext Dublin (Ireland). 
On 6 May 2021, ACS renewed its programme of medium-term promissory notes, Euro Medium Term 
Notes, for a maximum total amount of €1,500 million, with a minimum unit nominal value of €100,000 
and for a term not less than one year, which will be listed on Euronext Dublin (Ireland). 
On 29 September 2021, ACS agreed to extend the forward contract, disclosed as Inside Information on 21 
December 2020 that affects a total of 12 million treasury shares, payable exclusively in cash for differences, 
to be settled between on 10 October 2022 and 3 March 2023 at a rate of 115,385 shares per session. 
Corporate Governance 
On 31 March 2021, Mr. Marcelino Fernández Verdes expressed his will to not continue as CEO of the 
Company and declined to stand for his re-election as a director of the Company at the General Shareholders 
Meeting held on 7 May 2021. 
On 7 May 2021, ACS General Shareholders Meeting signed off the renewal of the Independent Directors 
Ms. Carmen Fernández Rozado and Mr. José Eladio Seco Domínguez. 
Other 
On 4 November 2021, in relation to the recent judgment of the Court of First Instance sentencing ACS, as 
guarantor of the concessionaire of the Madrid Radiales 3 and 5, to pay Haitong Bank Spain’s Branch, as 
agent of the syndicate of banks financing this infrastructure, the amount of €132.8 million plus interest and 
costs of the proceedings, ACS manifested on the one hand that it intends to appeal the aforementioned 
resolution and that, according to its lawyers, there are solid grounds to sustain that this sentence can be 
revoked in that second instance. On the other hand, such amount is fully provisioned in the ACS Group.  
On 5 November 2021, HOCHTIEF was informed of the decision in an arbitration concerning a project from 
2012 for the construction of a hydroelectric power plant in Chile. The company is investigating options to 
challenge the decision. The resolution, once final, will have a negative extraordinary one-off impact on 
HOCHTIEF's nominal net profit of around €195 million, thereof approximately €146 million will be cash 
flow effective.  
Finally, on 11 November 2021, ACS Board of Directors agreed to reduce the share capital by €3,000,000 
through the amortization of 6,000,000 shares of the company’s treasury stock. 
Shareholding in Abertis 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Abertis amounts to €2,734,696,113 represented 
by 911,565,371 shares with a nominal value of €3.00 per share, of which 98.7% is held by Abertis Holdco, 
S.A. ("Abertis Holdco"), which in turn has three shareholders: Atlantia S.p.A. ("Atlantia") holds a 50% 
stake plus one share, ACS holds a 30% stake and its subsidiary Hochtief holds a 20% stake minus one 
share. 
Due to the pandemic and the mobility restrictions, the Abertis’ activity was affected, especially in the early 
months of the year 2020. The lifting of restrictions beginning in the second quarter of 2021 led to a rebound 
in traffic, generating a solid evolution compared to 2020. Toll road traffic closed the year with a global 
increase of 21% with respect to 2020, rising in both light vehicles (+24%) and heavy vehicles (+13%). Even 
though the Group's traffic levels did not reach the 2019 numbers (-5%), countries such as the USA, Mexico, 
Brazil and India are now posting higher numbers than in 2019, while positive trends are being seen in the 
rest of the markets since health restrictions began being rolled back in April 2021. Of note was the 
integration and consolidation of two new important growth platforms, Red de Carreteras de Occidente 
(RCO) in Mexico and Elizabeth River Crossings (ERC) in the US. In 2021, the Abertis Group sales reached 
€4,854 million and recorded gross profit from operations (EBITDA) of €3,351 million, 28% higher than 
the pandemic depressed 2020 figure. Net profit of Abertis pre PPA amounted to €691 million in 2021. In

--- Page 105 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 99- 
66-41031997 
 
2021 Abertis Group invested €634 million in its toll roads, bringing the total for the 3-year period from 
2019-21 to €3,858 million, including new acquisitions. 
Abertis’ contribution to the ACS Group’s Net profit amounted to €117 million, compared to negative €35 
million in the comparable previous period. €87 million of this amount corresponded to ACS direct stake, 
and the remaining €30 million to the indirect stake through HOCHTIEF, once minority interests were 
deducted. 
On 10 October 2021 a new agreement was signed with the Chilean Government and Autopista Central to 
build a tunnel to improve mobility in one of the most congested areas of Santiago de Chile. The total 
investment of the project exceeded €300 million in exchange for an extension of the concession for an 
additional 20 months. Likewise, an agreement was also reached to divest the stake of Alienor (35%) and 
Sanef Aquitane (100%) to Eiffage for a total amount of €222 million. These two transactions altogether 
with the divestment of Alis in 2020, fit into Abertis’ strategy of divesting minority stakes in order to reinvest 
the proceeds in new projects with a view to continuing to restore the Group’s cash flow. 
Recent Developments 
In accordance with the resolutions related to shareholder remuneration approved at the General 
Shareholders' Meeting held on 7 May 2021, the interim dividend of 0.468 euros per share was paid in 
February 2022. 59.72% of ACS's share capital has opted for remuneration in shares. 
On 24 January 2022, pursuant to the resolution of the General Shareholders' Meeting held on 7 May 2021, 
the Board of Directors of ACS agreed to reduce the share capital by means of the amortization, charged to 
profits or unrestricted shares, of the Company's own shares for a nominal amount of €5 million through the 
amortization of 10 million of ACS own shares.  
On 23 February 2022, HOCHTIEF, CIMIC's majority shareholder with a 78.58% interest, announced its 
intention to make an off-market, unconditional and final (unless counter-offered by a third party) tender 
offer to acquire the remaining shares of CIMIC for A$22 per share. CIMIC shareholders accepting the offer 
will receive payment in cash within five business days of acceptance. 
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer is the parent company of the entities of which the Group is comprised, functioning as a holding 
company for each of the Group's subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2021, the Group comprised 851 
companies, including the Issuer, 578 subsidiary companies and 273 associate companies and joint ventures. 
The organisational structure of the Group with its holding companies and their significant subsidiaries as 
at 31 December 2021 is summarised in the following diagram.

--- Page 106 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 100- 
66-41031997 
 
 
Share Capital and Major Shareholders 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's share capital is made up of 304,664,594 ordinary shares of €0.50 
nominal value each, represented by book entries and forming a single class. The Issuer's share capital is 
fully subscribed and paid-up. The Issuer's shares are admitted to listing on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao 
and Valencia Stock Exchanges (the "Spanish Stock Exchanges") and trade through the automated 
quotation system (Sistema de Interconexión Bursátil). 
As at 31 December 2021, the following shareholders (excluding members of the Board of Directors) each 
held, directly or indirectly, 2.5% or more of the ordinary shares with voting rights of the Issuer: 
Name or company name of the shareholder 
% of direct 
voting rights 
% of indirect 
voting rights 
% of total voting 
rights 
Mr. Alberto Cortina Alcocer ........................................................  
0 
   2.63 
2.63 
Mr. Alberto Alcocer Torra ...........................................................  
0 
2.47 
2.47 
Blackrock, Inc ..............................................................................  
0.31 
4.69 
5.00 
Société Générale 
6.08 
0 
6.08 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name or company name of the indirect shareholder 
Held through: Name or company name 
of the direct shareholder 
% of voting 
rights 
Mr. Alberto Cortina Alcocer .................................................  
Percacer, S.L. 
1.41 
Mr. Alberto Cortina Alcocer .................................................  
Corporación Financiera Alcor, S.L. 
0.15 
Mr. Alberto Cortina Alcocer .................................................  
Imvernelin Patrimonio, S.L. 
1.07 
Mr. Alberto Alcocer Torra ....................................................  
Comercio Y Finanzas, S.L. 
1.25 
Mr. Alberto Alcocer Torra ....................................................  
Corporación Financiera Alcor, S.L. 
0.15 
Mr. Alberto Alcocer Torra ....................................................  
Imvernelin Patrimonio, S.L. 
1.07 
Blackrock, Inc .......................................................................  
Blackrock, Inc 
5.00 
 
ACS= 98,7% x 30% =  29,6 %
HOCHTIEF= 98,7% x 20%x 52,2% = 10,3 %
             ACS = 78,6% x 52,2% =  41,0% 
Nexplore, S.A.
Cimic
41,0%
ACS Actividades de Construcción y 
Servicios, S.A.
Dragados S.A.
ACS Servicios Comunicaciones y Energía 
S.L.
ACS Servicios y Concesiones 
S.L.
Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft
Vías y Construcciones 
S.A.
Iridium Concesiones de 
Infraestructuras, S.A.
Funding Statement, S.A. 
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
52,2%
100,00%
Clece, S.A.
Protide, S.A. Unipersonal
Abertis
100,00%
100,00%
39,9%
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
Geotecnia y Cimientos 
S.A.
Iridium Aparcamientos, 
S.L.
Statement Structure, S. A.  
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
Drace Infraestructuras, 
S.A.
100,00%
100,00%
Tecsa Empresa 
Constructora S.A.
Cariátide, S.A.  
100,00%
Dragados y 
Construcciones 
Argentina SAICI
Residencial Monte Carmelo, 
S.A. 
66,10%
100,00%
Comunidades Gestionadas 
S.A. (Cogesa)
Dragados Canadá
100,00%
Dragados Inversiones 
USA S.L.
Dragados Australia PTY 
Ltd.
100,00%
Prince Contracting, LLC.
100,00%
J.F. White Contracting 
Company
100,00%
100,00%
Pol-Aqua, S.A.
100,00%
100,00%
John P. Picone, Inc.
100,00%
Dragados Construction 
USA, Inc.
100,00%
Pulice Construction, Inc.
100,00%
Schiavone Construction 
Company
100,00%

--- Page 107 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 101- 
66-41031997 
 
Based on the information available to the Issuer, there is no individual or corporation that, directly or 
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, exercises or may exercise any type of control over the Issuer. 
In addition, various independent directors are appointed to the Board of Directors and the Issuer has 
processes in place to monitor the purchase of its shares, including a policy in relation to maintaining treasury 
holdings, which complies with recommendations approved by the CNMV and which is reported on to the 
Audit Committee at regular intervals by the responsible person. 
The table below sets out the number of ordinary shares with voting rights held by members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021: 
Name or company name of the Board Member 
% of direct voting 
rights 
% of indirect 
voting rights 
 % of total voting 
rights 
Agustín Batuecas Torrego ................................................  
0.44 
0.25 
0.69% 
Antonio Botella García .....................................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
José Luis Del Valle Pérez .................................................  
0.10 
0 
0.10% 
Javier Echenique Landiribar .............................................  
0.01 
0 
0.01% 
Carmen Fernández Rozado...............................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Antonio García Ferrer ......................................................  
0.03 
0 
0.03% 
Emilio García Gallego ......................................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Joan David Grima Terre ...................................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Mariano Hernández Herreros ...........................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Pedro José López Jiménez ................................................  
0 
0.24 
0.24% 
Catalina Miñarro Brugarolas ............................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Florentino Pérez Rodríguez ..............................................  
0 
12.93 
12.93% 
María Soledad Pérez Rodríguez .......................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
Miguel Roca Junyent ........................................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
José Eladio Seco Domínguez ...........................................  
0 
0 
0.00% 
 
The following table describes the indirect shareholdings by members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
as at 31 December 2021: 
Name or company name of the indirect shareholder 
Held through: Name or company name 
of the direct shareholder 
% of voting rights 
Agustín Batuecas Torrego .....................................................  
Carcalodon, S.L. 
0.25 
Pedro José López Jiménez .....................................................  
Fapin Mobi, S.L. 
0.24 
Florentino Pérez Rodríguez ...................................................  
Rosán Inversiones, S.L. 
12.93 
 
Percentage of total voting rights held by the Board of Directors: 13.96% 
In addition, as at 31 December 2021, the following members of the Board of Directors had notified the 
CNMV of stock options: 
Name of Director 
Number of Stock Options 
Florentino Pérez 
500.000 
Marcelino Fernández Verdes 
500.000 
José Luis del Valle Pérez 
275.000 
 
As at 31 December 2021, treasury shares held by the Issuer amounted to 28,876,676 (9.478% of total shares), 
with a face value of €0.50 each. This figure has subsequently been reduced by the sale of treasury shares 
detailed under "Recent Developments" above.

--- Page 108 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 102- 
66-41031997 
 
Management 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has 13 Directors, the following table describes the 
composition of the Board of Directors of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name or company 
name of the Board 
Member 
Representative 
Class of 
Board 
Member 
Position on 
the Board 
Date of first 
appointment 
Date of last 
appointmen
t 
Appointment 
procedure 
Carmen Fernández 
Rozado 
 
Independent 
Board 
Member 
28/02/2017 
07/05/2021 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution  
José Eladio Seco 
Domínguez 
 
Independent 
Coordinating 
Member 
22/12/2016 
07/05/2021 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution  
Mariano Hernández 
Herreros 
 
Proprietary 
Board 
Member 
05/05/2016 
08/05/2020 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Antonio Botella 
García 
 
Independent 
Board 
Member 
28/04/2015 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Catalina Miñarro 
Brugarolas 
 
Independent 
Board 
Member 
28/04/2015 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Emilio García Gallego 
 
Independent 
Board 
Member 
13/11/2014 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
María Soledad Pérez 
Rodríguez 
 
Proprietary 
Board 
Member 
13/11/2014 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Javier Echenique 
Landiribar 
 
Proprietary 
Board 
Member 
20/05/2004 
08/05/2020 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Antonio García Ferrer 
 
Executive 
Executive 
Deputy 
Chairman 
14/10/2003 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Miguel Roca Junyent 
 
Other External 
Board 
Member 
14/10/2003 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
José Luís Del Valle 
Pérez 
 
Executive 
Board 
Member 
Secretary 
28/06/1989 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Pedro José López 
Jiménez 
 
Other External 
Board 
Member 
28/06/1989 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
Florentino Pérez 
Rodríguez 
 
Executive 
Executive 
Chairman - 
CEO 
28/06/1989 
10/05/2019 
General 
Shareholders' 
Meeting 
Resolution 
 
The business address of each of the Members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer is Avenida Pío XII, 
102, 28036, Madrid, Spain.

--- Page 109 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 103- 
66-41031997 
 
Senior Management 
The Board has delegated some of its powers to the following committees: 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee is made up of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, one or both Vice-
Chairmen, Board Members appointed by the Board of Directors for such purpose and the Secretary to the 
Board of Directors (who is entitled to participate in, but not to vote at, meetings of the Executive 
Committee). 
The Executive Committee meets as often as it is convened by its Chairman, on his or her own initiative or 
at the request of at least two of its members. 
The Executive Committee exercises the same powers as those of the Board of Directors, with the exception 
of those powers that may not be delegated to the Executive Committee by law or under the Issuer's by-laws. 
The following table describes the composition of the Executive Committee at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Type 
Florentino Pérez Rodríguez 
Chairman  
Executive 
Antonio García Ferrer 
Member 
Executive 
Javier Echenique Landiribar 
Member 
Proprietary 
Pedro José López Jiménez 
Vice Chairman 
Other External 
Carmen Fernández Rozado 
Member 
Independent 
 
Management Committee 
The Management Committee is a non-statutory internal body, formed by members of the main companies 
of the Group and their affiliates, with the purpose of giving such executives the opportunity to meet to 
discuss professional experiences and to find solutions to management issues of the Group generally. 
The following table describes the composition of the Management Committee (Comité de Dirección) of 
the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Management Committee Member 
Position in the Issuer 
Florentino Pérez Rodríguez 
Chairman and CEO 
Antonio García Ferrer 
Executive Vice Chairman 
José Luis del Valle Pérez 
Secretary General 
Ángel García Altozano 
Corporate General Manager 
Eugenio Llorente Gómez 
CEO of the Industrial Services Business Unit 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee is comprised of a minimum of three and a maximum of five members appointed by 
the Issuer's Board of Directors from amongst its members. 
The following table describes the composition of the Audit Committee of the Issuer as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Class 
José Eladio Seco Domínguez 
Chairman 
Independent 
Carmen Fernández Rozado 
Member 
Independent 
Emilio García Gallego 
Member 
Independent 
Catalina Miñarro Brugarolas 
Member 
Independent 
María Soledad Pérez Rodríguez 
Member 
Proprietary 
 
According to the new Board of Directors' Regulations the responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: 
As pertains to oversight of the financial and non-financial information: 
(a) 
To inform the General Shareholders' Meeting of matters envisaged in relation to those issues which 
are the competency of the Committee, and in particular, of the result of the audit, explaining how

--- Page 110 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 104- 
66-41031997 
 
it contributed to the integrity of the financial information, and the role which the Committee played 
in that process. 
(b) 
To supervise and evaluate the preparation and presentation of ACS', and where applicable the 
Group's, financial and non-financial information, reviewing compliance with regulatory 
requirements and ensuring the adequacy of the consolidation scope defined and appropriate 
application of accounting criteria and, in particular, being aware of, understanding and supervising 
the effectiveness of the internal financial information control system (SCIIF). The Committee may 
present recommendations or proposals to the Board of Directors, with the aim of safeguarding the 
integrity of the financial information. 
(c) 
To provide the Board of Directors with prior notice about the financial information and the 
management report, which shall include, where appropriate, the mandatory non-financial 
information that ACS is required to publish periodically. 
(d) 
To ensure that the financial statements that the Board of Directors presents to the General 
Shareholders' Meeting are prepared in accordance with accounting regulations and that, in those 
cases in which the auditor has included a provision in his audit report, the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee clearly explains to the General Shareholders' Meeting the opinion of the Audit 
Committee regarding its content and scope, making a summary of this opinion available to the 
shareholders at the time of publication of the call to the Meeting, together with the rest of the 
proposals and reports of the Board. 
As pertains to the oversight of the internal control and internal audit: 
(e) 
To oversee the efficiency of ACS' internal control, ensuring that the policies and systems 
established in the area of internal control are effectively applied in practice, and the internal audit, 
as well as to discuss with the account auditor any significant weaknesses in the internal control 
system detected during the audit process, without infringing its independence, drawing conclusions 
as to the level of trustworthiness and reliability of the system. For these purposes, where necessary, 
the Audit Committee may present recommendations or proposals to the Board of Directors and 
indicate the corresponding period of time for follow-up of these recommendations. 
(f) 
To oversee the independence of the internal audit unit; propose the selection, appointment and 
removal of the head of the internal audit department; propose the budget for the service; approve 
the orientation and the annual work plan of the internal audit, ensuring that activities are directed 
principally toward key risks for ACS (including the reputational ones); receive regular information 
on internal activities; ensure that senior management takes the conclusions and recommendations 
of its internal audit reports into consideration; and annually assess the workings of the internal 
audit unit and the performance of its duties by the person responsible for the unit. 
(g) 
To establish and oversee a mechanism that allows employees and other persons related to ACS, 
such as Directors, shareholders, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors, to confidentially report 
any potentially significant irregularities including financial and accounting irregularities, or 
irregularities of any other nature, related to ACS that they may identify within ACS or the Group, 
by receiving regular information on its operation and being able to propose the appropriate actions 
for its improvement and future risk reduction. 
As pertains to the oversight of risk management and control: 
(h) 
To supervise and evaluate the effectiveness of financial and non-financial risk management 
systems relating to ACS and the Group, including operational, technological, legal, social, 
environmental, political and reputational or corruption-related systems. 
(i) 
At least once a year, to reassess the list of most significant risks, both financial and otherwise, and 
evaluating their tolerance level, proposing adjustments to the Board of Directors where necessary. 
For these purposes, the Committee shall, at least once a year, hold a meeting with the heads of the 
various business lines, for those managers to explain trends in their line of business, and the 
associated risks. 
(j) 
To directly oversee the performance of the internal control and risk management functions carried 
out by any unit or Department of ACS.

--- Page 111 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 105- 
66-41031997 
 
In relation to the external auditor: 
(k) 
To feed back to the Board of Directors any proposals for the selection, appointment, re-election 
and replacement of the external auditor, taking responsibility for the selection process, and for the 
conditions of their engagement, and for this purpose, the Committee must: 
(i) 
define the process for selection of the auditor; and 
(ii) 
issue a reasoned proposal containing at least two alternatives for auditor selection, except 
in cases of re-election of the same auditor. 
(l) 
To regularly gather information from the external auditor regarding the audit plan, its execution 
and any other issues relating to the account auditing process – in particular, any disagreements 
which arise between the account auditor and ACS' management, as well as to preserve its 
independence in the exercise of its functions.  
(m) 
To establish the appropriate relationships with the external auditor for the purpose of receiving 
information on any matter which may compromise its independence, for examination by the 
Committee, and any other matter relating to the process of auditing the accounts and, where 
necessary, authorization of services other than those which are prohibited, in the conditions set 
forth in the applicable legislation, as any other 23 communications prescribed by the legislation in 
account auditing and in the auditing standards. 
In any case, ACS must receive an annual declaration from the external auditors regarding their 
independence vis-à-vis the entities directly or indirectly related to ACS, together with information 
on additional services of any kind provided and the related fees received from these companies by 
the external auditor or by persons or entities related thereto, in accordance with the audit legislation 
in force. 
(n) 
To issue annually, prior to the issue of the auditors’ report, a report in which it gives its opinion on 
the independence of the auditor. In any case, this report should inform on the provision of the 
additional service referred to in the previous section, individually and globally considered, other 
than the legal audit and in relation with the independence system or the audit regulations. 
Should the external auditor resign, examine the circumstances leading to such decision. 
(o) 
Ensure that the remuneration of the external auditor does not compromise its quality or 
independence, and establish a guideline cap on fees that the auditor can be paid, each year, for 
services other than auditing. 
(p) 
Ensure that ACS notifies any change of auditors through the CNMV, accompanied by a statement 
of any disagreements arising with the outgoing auditors and, if any, of their content. 
(q) 
Ensure that the external auditor holds an annual meeting with the Board of Directors to inform it 
of the work performed and of the evolution of ACS' accounting situation and risks. 
(r) 
Ensure that ACS and the external auditor comply with the applicable laws regarding the provision 
of services other than auditing services, restrictions on the concentration of the external auditor’s 
business, and, in general, with other laws stipulated to safeguard the independence of auditors. 
(s) 
To perform a final assessment regarding the auditor's performance, and how they have contributed 
to the quality of the audit and the integrity of the financial information. 
Other roles: 
(t) 
Report on Related-Party Transactions to be approved by the General Meeting or the Board of 
Directors and supervise the internal procedure established by the Company for those whose 
approval has been delegated by the Board in accordance with the applicable regulations. 
(u) 
To report to the Board of Directors on all matters where so required by law, the By-laws and the 
Board Regulations, in particular with regard to:

--- Page 112 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 106- 
66-41031997 
 
(i) 
the economic conditions and the impact on accounting matters and, where applicable, on 
the proposed exchange ratio, of structural and corporate modifications which ACS plans 
to carry out; and 
(ii) 
the creation or acquisition of investments in special purpose vehicles registered in 
countries or territories listed as tax havens. 
The stipulations of paragraphs k), l), m) and n) above apply without prejudice to prevailing legislation 
governing auditing. 
In addition to the above responsibilities, the Audit Committee will supervise compliance with corporate 
governance and sustainability in environmental and social matters, with the following duties corresponding 
thereto: 
(v) 
Supervising compliance with the rules of corporate governance and the internal codes of conduct 
of ACS, as well as ensuring that the corporate culture is aligned with its purpose and values. 
(w) 
Supervising the application of the general policy regarding the communication of economic-
financial, non-financial and corporate information, as well as communication with shareholders 
and investors, voting advisors and other interest groups. The way in which ACS communicates 
and engages with small and medium sized shareholders will also be monitored. 
(x) 
The evaluation and periodic review of the ACS' system of corporate governance and its 
environmental and social policy, in order to ensure that it fulfils its mission of furthering the 
corporate interest and takes into account, as appropriate, the legitimate interests of other 
stakeholders. 
(y) 
Ensuring that ACS' environmental and social practices are in line with the defined strategy and 
policy. 
(z) 
Supervising and assessment of the relationship processes with the different groups of interest. 
Appointment Committee 
The Appointment Committee is made up of a Chairman and a minimum of two members appointed by the 
Board of Directors from among its members. At least two of the members, as well as the Chairman of this 
Committee, must be independent Board members. The Appointment Committee must meet at least twice a 
year. 
The following table describes the composition of the Appointment Committee of the Issuer as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Class 
Catalina Miñarro Brugarolas  
Chairman 
Independent 
Mariano Hernández Herreros 
Member 
Proprietary 
Javier Echenique Landiribar  
Member 
Proprietary 
Carmen Fernández Rozado 
Member 
Independent 
Pedro José López Jiménez 
Member 
Other External 
According to the new Board of Directors Regulations, the responsibilities of the Appointment Committee 
include: 
Regarding the members of the Board of Directors: 
(a) 
To evaluate the capabilities, expertise and experience required by the Board of Directors. For these 
purposes, the Appointments and Remuneration Committee shall define the necessary skills and 
abilities of the candidates to cover any vacancy and shall evaluate the time and dedication required 
to discharge the related duties effectively, ensuring that non-executive Directors have sufficient 
time available to perform their duties properly. 
For these purposes, the Committee shall prepare and periodically update a matrix with the 
necessary competences of the Board that defines the skills and knowledge of the candidates for 
Directors, especially those of executives and independent Directors.

--- Page 113 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 107- 
66-41031997 
 
(b) 
To make proposals to the Board of Directors for the appointment of independent Directors by co-
option or by approval at the Shareholders' General Meeting, as well as proposals for the re-election 
or removal of such Board Members by the Shareholders' General Meeting. 
(c) 
Verify the category of Directors on an annual basis. 
Regarding the selection of Directors and Senior Management: 
(d) 
To make proposals for the appointment of other Board Members by co-option or by approval at 
the Shareholders' General Meeting, as well as proposals for the re-election or removal of such 
Board Members by the General Shareholders' Meeting.  
(e) 
To make proposals for the appointment of the remaining Directors for their appointment by co-
option or for their submission to the decision of the General Shareholders' Meeting, as well as 
proposals for their re-election or separation by the General Meeting. 
(f) 
To make proposals for appointing and separating Senior Management, especially those who will 
form part of the Group Management Committee and to propose the basic terms and conditions of 
their contracts, in coordination, if necessary, with the Remuneration Committee. 
(g) 
Periodically checking the criteria for selecting Directors. 
Regarding the positions of the Board: 
(h) 
Reporting the proposals for the appointment of the Chairman and, where appropriate, Vice-
chairman of the Board. 
(i) 
Reporting the proposals for appointing the Secretary and, if applicable, the Deputy Secretaries of 
the Board of Directors. 
(j) 
Proposing, if applicable, the appointment of the coordinating Director.  
(k) 
Examining and organizing the succession of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the first 
ACS executive and, if applicable, making proposals to the Board of Directors for said succession 
to take place in an orderly and planner manner, making a succession plan to this end. 
Other functions: 
(l) 
Lead, in coordination with the Chairman of the Board and with the collaboration, where appropriate, 
of the coordinating Director, the annual assessment of the Board regarding the operation and 
composition of the same, its Committees and the Directors of ACS. 
(m) 
Periodically design and organise knowledge update programmes for Directors, in coordination, if 
necessary, with the Remuneration Committee. 
(n) 
To ensure that potential conflicts of interest do not adversely affect the independence of external 
advice provided to the Committee. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee is made up of a Chairman and a minimum of two members appointed by the 
Board of Directors from amongst its members. At least two of the members, as well as the Chairman of this 
Committee, must be independent Board members. The Remuneration Committee must meet at least twice 
a year. 
The following table describes the composition of the Remuneration Committee of the Issuer as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Class 
Antonio Botella García 
Chairman 
Independent 
Emilio García Gallego 
Member 
Independent 
María Soledad Pérez Rodríguez 
Member 
Proprietary 
Miguel Roca Junyent 
Member 
Other External

--- Page 114 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 108- 
66-41031997 
 
Name 
Position 
Class 
José Eladio Seco Domínguez 
Member 
Independent 
  
According to the new Board of Directors Regulations the responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee 
include: 
(a) 
To report to the Board of Directors on the individual determination of the remuneration of each 
Director in his capacity as such within the framework of the Articles of Association and the 
remuneration policy, as well as on the individual determination of the remuneration of each 
Director for the performance of the executive functions attributed to him within the framework of 
the remuneration policy in accordance with the provisions of his contract. 
(b) 
To make proposals on the distribution of the overall remuneration agreed upon by the shareholders 
at the General Meeting, between the members of the Board of Directors. 
(c) 
To make proposals on individual remuneration and other contractual conditions for members of 
the Executive Board, as well as to propose the basic terms and conditions of the contracts of the 
Senior Management on remuneration, on coordination, as necessary, with the Appointments 
Committee, checking that they are consistent with the applicable remuneration policies. 
(d) 
To propose long-term plans that may be established in accordance with share value, such as stock 
option plans. 
(e) 
Periodically review the remuneration policy applied to Board Members and Senior Management, 
including share-based remuneration systems and their application, if any, and to provide assurance 
that individual remuneration is proportionate and in line with the compensation paid to other 
Directors and Senior Management of ACS. 
(f) 
To verify information on the remuneration of Board Members and Senior Management contained 
in the different corporate documents, including the Annual Report on Board Members’ 
Remuneration. 
(g) 
To ensure that potential conflicts of interest do not adversely affect the independence of external 
advice provided to the Committee. 
Insofar as may be necessary, and with any necessary adaptations, the functioning of the Appointments and 
Remuneration Committees shall be governed by the provisions of these Rules regulating the functioning of 
the Board of Directors. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group employed a total of 122,502 people. The following table sets out a 
breakdown, by business unit, of the Group's employees as at 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021: 
 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2020 
(restated) 
 
31 December 2021 
Infrastructure ........................................  
65,123 
57,597 
57,957 
44,760 
Industrial Services ................................  
46,366 
45,426 
168 
181 
Services ................................................  
78,889 
76,462 
76,462 
77,492 
Corporation ..........................................  
53 
54 
54 
69 
Total ....................................................  
190,431 
179,539 
134,641 
122,502 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
There exist no conflicts of interest between the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the 
Issuer and there exist no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of any 
members of such administrative, management or supervisory bodies and their private interests and/or other 
duties.

--- Page 115 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 109- 
66-41031997 
 
Transactions with Related Parties 
All related-party transactions executed in the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and up to the date of 
this Base Prospectus were undertaken in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and were performed 
on an arm's-length basis. 
Litigation 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is subject to contingent liabilities of various types arising 
from litigation or administrative or contentious proceedings, which the Directors consider it is reasonable 
to consider will not have a material effect on the Group's economic and financial position or solvency, and 
provisions have been made for such liabilities insofar as they may have a material adverse effect. 
Although there are a number of outstanding lawsuits, the Issuer believes that such lawsuits, except those 
outlined in this section, are for non-material amounts when considered individually based on the size of the 
Group. 
Periodic changes to these provisions are made based on an analysis of the lawsuits or claims in progress, 
according to the reports prepared by the legal advisers of the Group. As in the case of provisions for taxes, 
these amounts are not updated to the extent that the time at which the risk arises or disappears depends on 
circumstances linked to judgments or arbitration, meaning it is impossible to determine the date on which 
they will be resolved. Additionally, these provisions are not derecognised until the judgments handed down 
are final and payment is made, or until there is no doubt as to the disappearance of the associated risk. 
Metro de Lima 
In connection with the concession contract for the Lima Metro Line 2 Project in Peru, the concession 
company Metro de Lima Línea 2, S.A. (in which Iridium Concesiones de Infraestructuras, S.A. holds 25% 
of the shares) filed the following requests for arbitration: 
ICSID Arbitration 1: On 16 January 2017, a request for arbitration against the Republic of Peru (Ministry 
of Transport and Communications) before the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes 
between States and Nationals of other States ("ICSID") for serious breach by the Republic of Peru of the 
concession agreement mainly consisting of: (i) the failure by the Concession Area to make delivery under 
the terms and conditions established in the concession agreement, and (ii) the lack of approval and delayed 
approval of the Detailed Engineering Studies ("ICSID 1"). In 2018, several briefs were filed requesting an 
extension of the term of execution of the Project works and compensation for damages in excess of USD 
700 million, which include damages incurred by different participants in the Project (concession operator, 
construction group, rolling stock supplier, etc.). The Republic of Peru dismissed the claims made and 
included a counterclaim against the concession operator, claiming an amount in excess of USD 700 million 
for socio-economic and environmental damage. Both the claim brought by the concession operator against 
Peru and the counterclaim by Peru against the concession operator have been consolidated into a single 
arbitration process with the ICSID. The process has followed its normal course: in the first half of May 
2019, the evidentiary hearing was held in Washington, where various witnesses gave their testimony, two 
rounds of briefs were presented during June and July 2019 in relation to issues raised during the evidentiary 
hearing, and final pleadings were presented by both the concession operator and the State of Peru on 20 
September 2019. On 6 July 2021, the Court issued a partial award through the "Decision on Jurisdiction 
and Liability", which dismissed the counterclaim of the Republic of Peru and upheld virtually all of the 
claims of the concession operator, with the final award yet to be handed down on the amount of damages 
and costs of the proceedings. In particular, the Decision declares that (1) the Republic of Peru has breached 
its obligation to deliver most of the Areas of Stage 1A and all of the Areas of Stages 1B and 2 within the 
periods agreed, and (2) the Republic of Peru has breached its contractual obligations regarding the 
procedure for overseeing and approving the Detailed Engineering Studies, and that the Republic of Peru 
has failed to properly exercise its contractual supervisory role. As regards damages due to delays, the claim 
for damages due to delays in relation to Stages 2 and 1B is fully upheld and partially upheld for Stage 1. 
On 11 August 2021, the Court issued Procedural Order No. 8 instructing the experts of the concession 
operator and of Peru to perform additional calculations based on the findings set forth in the Decision. On 
11 October 2021, following the Court’s procedural order, based on the delays determined by the Court in 
the Decision, the concession operator reduced its claim from USD 109 million to USD 84.7 million and the 
other members of the consortium other than the concession operator also made an adjustment to the 
damages initially claimed. On 30 December 2021, the concession grantor submitted to the Court its

--- Page 116 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 110- 
66-41031997 
 
response to the concession operator’s adjusted damage calculations, rejecting most of these damages and 
submitting much lower alternative calculations. On 31 January 2022, the Parties submitted a joint WACC 
Calculator to the Arbitral Tribunal and, subsequently, each party has submitted its own "instructions" for 
using the Calculator. The award for damages is expected to be issued in the first half of 2022. 
ICSID Arbitration 2: On 2 August 2021, the concession operator filed a new request for arbitration against 
Peru with the ICSID Secretariat, following the expiration of the 6-month period for direct negotiations as 
required by the concession agreement. As in the case of ICSID 1, this claim is mainly for serious breach by 
the Republic of Peru of the Concession Agreement for (i) the failure by the Concession Area to make 
delivery, and (ii) the lack of approval and delayed approval of the Detailed Engineering Studies under the 
terms and conditions established in Addendum 2 to the Concession Agreement, and the updated cost 
overruns, and harm and loss incurred after the cut-off dates considered in ICSID 1 ("ICSID 2"). Once the 
various experts have been contracted, the definitive formation of the Arbitral Tribunal will take place once 
the President has been appointed. ICSID Arbitration 3: On 15 November 2021, the concession operator 
filed a new request for arbitration against Peru with the ICSID Secretariat, following the expiration of the 
6-month period for direct negotiations as required by the concession agreement. The claim filed against 
Peru is regarding the dispute over (i) the lack of approval of the Polynomial Formulas for the adjustment 
to the Work Progress and Provision Progress, (ii) the delay in the certification and payment of the 
adjustments arising from the application of these Polynomial Formulas, and (iii) the economic and financial 
loss due to the delay in payment of the adjustments ("ICSID 3"). Currently, the process of contracting 
experts and selecting arbiters is being completed. 
Radial Highways III and V and Radial Highway II 
In relation to the Group's investment in Alazor (highways R3 and R5), the relevant financial institutions 
filed a declaratory action, which was notified to the shareholders in October 2013. After abandoning the 
appeal they had filed against the dismissal of the appeal in September 2018, the funds acquiring the 
receivables filed a new declaratory action, which was notified to ACS and Desarrollo de Concesiones 
Viarias Uno, S.L. ("DCVU") in January 2019. In this new declaratory action, they invoked Clause 2 of the 
Shareholders' Support Agreement to claim payment of €757 million from the shareholders of Alazor and 
their respective guarantors (€169 million would correspond to the Group).  After the corresponding 
response to the claim was filed, Madrid Court of First Instance No. 13 set a hearing for 7 September 2020. 
After formalising the defence to the claim and holding the corresponding preliminary hearing (which took 
place on 8 March 2021), Madrid Court of First Instance no. 13 set 29 November 2021 as the date for the 
oral trial. However, it was suspended due to illness and has been rescheduled for 4 July 2022. 
The enforcement action notified in February 2014 was dismissed and the €278.37 million deposited in the 
Court's account was returned (of which €87.85 million corresponded to the Group). The shareholders 
successively claimed €31.71 million in compensation for damages (€11.32 million corresponded to the 
Group). In light of the opposition of the investment funds, Madrid Court of First Instance no. 51 has agreed 
to appoint an ex officio expert to rule on this issue. On 10 March 2021, an oral hearing was held on this 
litigation, and the procedural incident was scheduled for resolution. By order dated 11 March 2021, an 
indemnity payment had been recognised, for a total of €26.19 million (€11.3 million corresponding to the 
ACS Group) and it has ordered that the funds pay the costs. The funds have filed an appeal against this 
order, and a ruling will be handed down by the Madrid Provincial Appellate Court. 
In May 2019, ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. and Desarrollo de Concesiones Viarias 
Uno, S.L. were notified of a second claim based on Clause 4 (viii) of the Support Agreement, although this 
time it was a claim for declaratory judgment. In this claim Haitong Bank S.A. Sucursal en España, acting 
as agent of the financial syndicate, claimed payment of €562.5 million. This claim was upheld by the 
Madrid Court of First Instance No. 26 by means of a judgment dated 2 November 2021 (notified on 4 
November 2021), in which Alazor’s shareholders and their respective guarantors are ordered to pay Haitong 
Bank, for subsequent distribution among the creditors, the following: (i) an amount of €450 million 
(resulting from subtracting from the total amount claimed of €112.5 million corresponding to Bankia, with 
which the claimants entered into an out-of-court agreement); (ii) the interest applied to procedural delays 
accrued since 21 December 2018; (iii) the procedural default interest from the date of the judgment; and 
(iv) the costs. This judgment distributes the amount claimed among each defendant, indicating that the 
shareholder Desarrollo de Concesiones Viarias Uno, S.L. and its guarantor ACS, Actividades de 
Construcción y Servicios, S.A. must pay €132,880,130 plus interest, and one fourth of the costs. A remedy 
of appeal was filed against this judgment on 20 December 2021, and a ruling will be handed down by the 
Madrid Provincial Appellate Court. It should be noted that, once the Court of First Instance considers this

--- Page 117 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 111- 
66-41031997 
 
appeal to have been filed, Haitong Bank may request provisional enforcement of the judgment and, if it is 
granted leave to proceed by the Court, it will issue an enforcement order indicating that each of the entities 
is ordered to deposit or designate assets for an amount equivalent to the portion of the principal 
corresponding to them and recognise a provision for interest and costs, which is usually calculated at 30% 
of the principal (in the case of the ACS Group this figure would be approximately €173 million). In this 
case, the disputed parties will try to request stay of the order, proving that the damage caused by the 
provisional enforcement would be difficult to repair if the appeal is successful. 
In relation to the Group's investment in Irasa (R2 toll road), it should be noted that in September 2019 ACS 
and DCVU were notified of the filing by the creditor funds of a declaratory action in which, invoking 
Clause 2 of the Shareholders' Undertakings Agreement, they claimed from the shareholders of Irasa and 
their respective guarantors, the filing by the creditor funds of a declaratory action in which, invoking Clause 
2 of the Shareholders' Undertakings Agreement, they claimed from the shareholders of Irasa and their 
respective guarantors the payment of a total of €551.50 million (€193 million corresponding to the Group) 
to cover construction cost overruns and expropriations. After having submitted a statement of defence and 
holding the preliminary hearing on 7 February 2022, the Madrid Court of First Instance No. 37 has set the 
dates for the hearing for 23 and 24 May 2022. 
With regard to the insolvency proceedings, it should be noted that the insolvency proceedings of Henarsa, 
Irasa, Accesos de Madrid and Alazor were all declared fortuitous. The insolvency administrations of 
Henarsa and Accesos de Madrid handed over the operation of the R2, R3 and R5 motorways to the State 
by deeds dated 28 February and 9 May 2018, respectively, and management is carried out by the Ministry 
of Public Works through SEITTSA, by virtue of an agreement signed in August 2017 which has been 
extended until 2022, and it is assumed that it will be extended again. 
CNMC Resolutions 
In December 2015, the CNMC issued a resolution on the matter involving several companies, including 
Dragados, for alleged anti-competitive practices in relation to the modular construction business. The 
decision, which amounts to €8.6 million, was appealed in 2016. On 12 November 2021, the National 
Appellate Court handed down a judgment dismissing the appeal and confirming the liquidated damages. 
On 17 January 2022, it was announced that an appeal would be filed with the Supreme Court against the 
judgment. 
On 1 October 2018, proceedings were opened against Dragados and other companies for possible 
infringements of Article 1 of the Law on the Defence of Competition and Article 101 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, consisting of agreements and exchanges of information between these 
companies in the area of tenders called by the different Public Administrations in Spain, for the construction 
and refurbishment of infrastructures and buildings. On 16 July 2020, the aforementioned case was declared 
to have lapsed, although on 6 August 2020, notification was given of the initiation of a new case for the 
same facts as the lapsed case. On 16 September 2020, Dragados filed a contentious-administrative appeal 
against the resolution decreeing the lapsing, which was admitted on 9 October 2020 and the claim was 
formalised on 16 December 2020. On 6 July 2021, the Directorate of Competition of the CNMC issued a 
new preliminary ruling for the new accusation with proposed liquidated damages of €58 million, indicating 
that the company could also be banned from entering into contracts with public authorities. The 
corresponding pleadings have been submitted against this preliminary ruling.  
There are other litigations in which the subsidiary HOCHTIEF is involved, including: 
Rastatt Tunnel Project 
A joint venture, formed by Ed. Züblin AG and HOCHTIEF Solutions AG with equal participation, is 
constructing the Rastatt tunnel on behalf of DB Netz AG as part of the expansion and new construction of 
the rail route Karlsruhe – Basel. On 12 August 2017, the eastern tunnel, which had already been partly built 
in the area underneath the existing and operating Rheintalbahn railway, suffered an accident which caused 
a subsidence on the surface of the construction site and required closure of the Rheintalbahn railway. The 
site was secured, the damaged railway lines were restored and the Rheintalbahn railway was reopened on 
1 October 2017. 
The accident caused physical damage to the tunnel structure as well as financial damage due to the 
Rheintalbahn railway closure. Both the amount for the physical damage and the amount of financial damage

--- Page 118 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 112- 
66-41031997 
 
are still disputed between the involved parties as well as the relevant insurance companies 
(e.g., construction insurer, liability insurers). To clarify the cause of the accident and the responsibility for 
its occurrence, the joint venture and DB Netz AG have agreed to an extrajudicial dispute resolution process, 
which is ongoing.  
Baltic 2 Foundations Steel Supplier (Lot 1 and Lot 3) 
There were two parallel arbitrations ongoing in connection with the construction of an offshore wind park 
in the Baltic Sea. Both arbitrations commenced in 2016 and were directed against the Baltic 2 joint venture 
(HTI participation: 50 percent). The first arbitration was initiated by Bladt Industries A/S ("BI"), the steel 
supplier for Lot 1, and the second arbitration by the steel supplier for Lot 3, a consortium comprising Bladt 
Industries A/S and EEW GmbH ("BI Consortium"). The first arbitration primarily related to delays in BI's 
delivery of jackets for wind turbines. The total amount claimed in this arbitration (comprising claims and 
counterclaims) is €102 million. On 18 November 2021 (effective date), the parties entered into a 
comprehensive settlement agreement for the first arbitration. The second arbitration primarily relates to 
delays caused by the late delivery of monopiles for wind turbines. The total amount claimed in the second 
arbitration (comprising claims and counterclaims) is €78.3 million. The final evidentiary hearing in the Lot 
3 proceedings took place in February 2021. The final award is expected for the second quarter of 2022. 
Hurricane Sandy 
New York University ("NYU") filed a lawsuit in October 2015 against Turner as the general contractor on 
three separate projects with a total amount in dispute of USD 1.285 billion. The university claims that when 
hurricane Sandy caused the New York East River to overflow, the allegedly negligent and non-conforming 
work of Turner allowed river water into certain university buildings causing significant property damage 
and loss of business. The discovery phase of the case is complete and the matter will proceed to trial in 
early 2023 if the parties to do not reach a settlement before that time. Turner is represented by the law firm 
Paul Weiss, and the trial team is led by Theodore Wells. 
Benson Industries 
Benson Industries ("Benson") was the curtainwall subcontractor for Turner on a project at Memorial Sloan 
Kettering Hospital ("MSK") in New York, New York. Benson incurred a cost overrun and in April 2019, 
Benson filed a lawsuit against Turner seeking damages in excess of USD 50 million. On 16 June 2019, 
Turner filed its answer to the lawsuit denying the allegations and any responsibility for Benson's cost 
overruns and filed a counterclaim against Benson seeking damages in excess of USD 60 million due to 
Benson's numerous defaults and breaches of its subcontract with Turner. In addition, Turner filed a lawsuit 
against MSK seeking damages and indemnification/contribution from MSK in relation to this project, 
against which MSK asserted a counterclaim against Turner seeking USD 39 million in damages. Turner 
has reached a final settlement with MSK and entered into a liquidating agreement that removes MSK from 
the litigation and assigns MSK's claims to Turner. There also are multiple third-party actions for 
indemnification and contribution for Turner's and Benson's respective claims. The litigation is in its earliest 
stages. 
Los Angeles Worldwide Airports Midfield Satellite Concourse North 
In January 2015, Turner-PCL, a Joint Venture ("TPJV") entered into a design-build agreement with Los 
Angeles World Airports ("LAWA") for the design and construction of the Midfield Satellite Concourse 
North. The project achieved Substantial Completion, but there are numerous major change order requests 
still pending with LAWA, including requests for costs arising from new legal requirements related to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. TPJV initiated litigation against LAWA in February 2022 to recover the amounts 
due. TPJV seeks an amount in excess of USD 200 million. 
Additionally, a number of subcontractors have submitted claims to TPJV for impacts associated with piling 
issues that occurred early in the project. TPJV is pursuing recovery of the impacts from potentially 
responsible parties and available insurance policies through arbitration and mediation proceedings. 
Nastasi & Associates 
Nastasi & Associates ("Nastasi") filed a civil action in the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of New York ("SDNY") on or about 2 January 2019. The Complaint filed by Nastasi attempts to 
draw an indirect link between the failure of Nastasi's business and the actions of indicted former employees

--- Page 119 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 113- 
66-41031997 
 
of Turner and Bloomberg. Turner (and the other civil defendants) filed motions to dismiss the complaint 
on various grounds. This civil action has been dismissed by SDNY twice. Nastasi appealed the most recent 
dismissal, and the appellate court remanded the case to SDNY for reconsideration in light of the appellate 
court's recent decision in another matter. Turner expects that SDNY will reaffirm its dismissal of the case 
upon remand. 
C470 Colorado 
In the HOCHTIEF Americas division, risk relating to design issues significantly impacted the C470 project 
in Colorado, USA. The Flatiron project entailed adding tolled express lanes in each direction and 
replacing/widening bridges along a 20-kilometer-long segment of the C470, and reconstructing the 
interchange with the I-25. The joint venture claims the reimbursement of incurred cost increases. A final 
determination on the merits of this claim is not expected before 2024. 
New Champlain Bridge 
Together with partners, Flatiron achieved substantial completion of the New Champlain Bridge corridor 
project in Montreal, Canada. The joint venture was responsible for the construction of a new bridge over 
the St. Lawrence River. Construction was affected by a crane operator strike in 2018 and several design 
issues. As it was not possible to reach agreement with the client on the claims involved, the joint venture 
has been pursuing its claims against the client in court since October 2021. Separately, the joint venture is 
in settlement discussions with the designer regarding the design issues. 
Alto Maipo  
On 15 November 2021 the arbitral tribunal rendered its partial award in the Alto Maipo arbitration between 
Alto Maipo SpA and the construction joint venture CNM (70% HOCHTIEF participation) in connection 
with the Alto Maipo hydropower project in Chile. The partial award obliges CNM to pay damages of USD 
106.7 million to Alto Maipo. The decisions on interest and costs were reserved for the final award, which 
needs to be rendered by the arbitral tribunal by the end of 2022. CNM intends to initiate annulment 
proceedings against the partial award in the Chilean court. 
Fraud Investigations 
In February 2012, CIMIC announced to the ASX that it had reported to the Australian Federal Police 
("AFP") a possible breach by employees within the Leighton International business of its Code of Ethics. 
The AFP is investigating the Group's international operations. In March 2014, the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission ("ASIC") commenced a formal investigation relating to the abovementioned AFP 
investigations. In March 2017, ASIC advised CIMIC that its investigation has concluded and it will take 
no further action. Further, CIMIC has become aware that the UK Serious Fraud Office ("SFO") and the 
U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") are inquiring into related matters. The SFO has announced it has 
charged individuals, neither of whom are employees of CIMIC, and a company, which is not a member of 
the CIMIC Group, with offences. On 19 July 2019 the SFO announced that one individual had pleaded 
guilty to charges. Following trials in 2020 and 2021 the individuals were convicted on some charges. 
However, some of those convictions have been overturned on appeal. None of the juries' guilty findings 
relate to charges involving the CIMIC Group company contracts. In March 2019, CIMIC entered into an 
investigation agreement with the DOJ. In October 2019, the DOJ announced that in March 2019, three 
individuals not employed by CIMIC pleaded guilty to a charge of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act.  
On 18 November 2020 the AFP advised CIMIC that it had charged an ex-employee with alleged offences 
relating to foreign bribery and related matters and on 23 February 2021 the AFP announced it had brought 
an additional charge in relation to foreign bribery. On 11 January 2021 the AFP informed CIMIC that it 
had charged a second ex-employee with related offences. The AFP has also indicated it may charge a further 
ex-employee and that its investigations continue. CIMIC does not know when the charges will be heard or 
the outcome of any investigation. No CIMIC Group company has been charged. CIMIC continues to 
cooperate with all official investigations. 
Middle East Investment class action suit 
In August 2020, CIMIC announced to the ASX, that it has been served with a class action proceeding filed 
in the Victorian register of the Federal Court. The claim is brought on behalf of some shareholders who

--- Page 120 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 114- 
66-41031997 
 
purchased shares in the period between 7 February 2018 and 22 January 2020 and relates to disclosures 
about CIMIC's non-controlling 45 per cent. investment in the Middle East as well as the reporting of 
CIMIC's cash flows on the context of factoring arrangements. 
CCPP Contract 
UGL, a wholly owned subsidiary of CIMIC, together with its consortium partners CH2M Hill Companies 
Limited (CH2M) and General Electric Company, were contracted by JKC Australia LNG Pty Ltd (JKC) to 
carry out works relating to the construction of a combined cycle power plant for the Ichthys LNG Project 
in the Northern Territory. 
In January 2017, the UGL-CH2M JV Consortium terminated their contract with JKC for the design, 
construction and commissioning of the combined cycle power plant (CCPP Contract). 
Arbitration hearings in respect of the termination of the CCPP Contract are scheduled to take place in April 
2022 and a decision is currently expected in 2023. However, as at 12 April 2022, CIMIC announced that it 
had entered into a conditional confidentiality agreement. Until the conditions precedent are satisfied, the 
arbitration will continue. 
Westgate Tunnel 
CIMIC's wholly owned subsidiary, CPB Contractors, and its joint venture partner John Holland, are 
contracted to provide the Westgate Tunnel for Transurban and the State of Victoria. Due to an inability to 
remove spoil from the site as a result of soil contaminates, a dispute has arisen between the parties primarily 
as to the disclosure of soil contaminants and which party is liable for the cost of the disposing thereof and 
the resultant delays. Following mediation in December 2021, terms of settlement have been agreed by the 
parties. The terms of settlement require the parties to conform the project documents to the settlement terms 
and to comply with the relevant project legislation in order for the settlement to come into full effect. This 
is expected to be completed in the first half of 2022. 
Intellectual and industrial property 
The trademarks of the Issuer and the Group are protected on a domestic, European Union and international 
level in a broad range of classes in international patent registers. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
there were no proceedings or other litigation in connection with the Issuer's or the Group's trademarks. 
Credit Rating 
On 6 April 2022, the Issuer has been assigned a short-term credit rating of A-3 (stable outlook) and a long-
term credit rating of BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P.

--- Page 121 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 115- 
66-41031997 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain EU and Spanish tax considerations relating to the Notes.  
It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments 
of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the 
tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation in Spain 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided 
below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently applicable in the 
Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, 
which could be made with retroactive effect. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
If: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the management, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions ("Law 10/2014"), as well as Royal Decree 
1065/2007 ("Royal Decree 1065/ 2007"), of 27 July establishing information obligations in 
relation to preferential holdings and other debt instruments and certain income obtained by 
individuals resident in the European Union and other tax rules as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 of 29 July; 
(b) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income Tax") 
tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial amendment 
of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law as 
amended (the "Personal Income Tax Law"), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 
promulgating the Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 
June on Wealth Tax as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax 
as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax ("Corporate 
Income Tax") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November of the Corporate Income Tax Law, and 
Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations (the 
"Corporate Income Tax Regulations"); and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-resident 
income tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 
March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law as amended (the 
"NRIT Law"), and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-Resident Income 
Tax Regulations as amended ("Non-Resident Income Tax Law"), along with Law 19/1991, of 6 
June on Wealth Tax as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax 
as amended. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a "Beneficial 
Owner"), the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example 
exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated 
by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance 
with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax. 
1. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.1 
Individual Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas)

--- Page 122 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 116- 
66-41031997 
 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to 
third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income Tax Law, 
and should be included in each investor's taxable savings and taxed at the tax rate applicable from 
time to time, currently 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000.00, 21 per cent. for taxable 
income between €6,000.01 and €50,000.00, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 
and €200,000.00, and 26 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €200,000.00. As a general rule, 
both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the current rate of 19 per cent.  
According to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, the Issuer will make interest 
payments to individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without withholding 
provided that the relevant information about the Notes set out in Annex I is submitted by the Fiscal 
Agent in a timely manner. In addition, income obtained upon transfer, redemption or exchange of 
the Notes may also be paid without withholding. 
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the current applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have 
to be deducted by other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided 
that such entities are resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in 
Spanish territory. 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax 
liability for the relevant fiscal year. 
1.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain will be subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net 
worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value 
of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 
0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
1.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional or federal rules. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable 
tax rates currently range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent. Relevant factors applied (such as 
previous net wealth or family relationship among transferor and transferee) determine the final 
effective tax rate that range, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, between 0 per cent. and 81.6 
per cent. 
2. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third 
parties of own capital and would have to be included in profit and taxable income of legal entities 
with tax residency in Spain for Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") purposes in accordance with the 
rules for Corporate Income Tax. In accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 
27 July, there is no obligation to withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which for 
the sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension 
funds). Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold on interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers 
provided that the relevant information about the Notes set out in Annex I is submitted by the Fiscal 
Agent in a timely manner. The current general tax rate according to CIT Law is 25 per cent. 
However, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to 
withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent., withholding that will be made by the depositary 
or custodian, if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling

--- Page 123 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 117- 
66-41031997 
 
issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and 
require a withholding to be made. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors 
against its final CIT liability. 
2.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market 
value of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
3. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will 
not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or 
legal entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income 
deriving from such Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax 
taxpayers. 
(c) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who have no tax residency in 
Spain, and which are Non- Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent 
establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax. In order for such 
exemption to apply it is necessary to comply with the information procedures, in the 
manner detailed under "-Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments-" as 
set out in article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be 
exercised within the Spanish territory exceed €700,000 would be subject to Wealth Tax, the 
applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to the Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. 
Individuals that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes may apply the rules approved by the 
autonomous region where the assets and rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be exercised 
or (iii) must be fulfilled. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double 
tax treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty.

--- Page 124 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 118- 
66-41031997 
 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to 
inheritance and gift tax in accordance with Spanish legislation. 
However, if the deceased, heir or the donee are resident outside of Spain, depending on the specific 
situation, the applicable rules will be those corresponding to the relevant autonomous regions 
according to the law. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to Non-
Resident Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into 
a double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide 
for the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
4. 
Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to report on 
certain information relating to the Notes. In accordance with Section 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007, for that purpose, certain information with respect to the Notes must be submitted to the 
Issuer before the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or of any 
amounts in respect of the early redemption of the Notes (each, a "Payment Date") is due. 
Such information would be the following: 
(a) 
identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
date on which relevant redemption is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant redemption; and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and 
settlement system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a 
certificate the form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base Prospectus. 
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Notes by the close of business on the Business Day 
immediately preceding each relevant Payment Date. If, despite these procedures, the relevant 
information is not received by the Issuer on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the 
then-applicable rate (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any payment in 
respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information has not been provided. The Issuer 
will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
5. 
The Spanish Financial Transactions Tax (the "Spanish FTT") 
The Spanish Parliament has approved Law 5/2020 of 15 October, on the financial transactions tax 
(Ley del Impuesto sobre las Transacciones Financieras) which entered into force on 16 January 
2021. The Spanish FTT applies on the acquisition of shares (including transfer or conversion) of 
Spanish companies with a market capitalization of more than €1 billion, at a tax rate of 0.2%. In 
principle, the Spanish FTT does not affect transactions involving bonds or similar instruments. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the Spanish FTT. 
6. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, 
or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Spain) have entered into, or have

--- Page 125 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 119- 
66-41031997 
 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how 
these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 126 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 120- 
66-41031997 
 
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and such 
translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the 
corresponding English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language 
version of the relevant certificate only.  
ANNEX I 
 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección 
tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los 
tributos, aprobado por Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento 
General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de 
las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply 
taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1) y domicilio en (   ) en calidad de (marcar la letra 
que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (   )(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax 
identification number (   )(1) and address in (   ) as (function – mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el 
extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación 
y liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Issuing and Paying Agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores………………………………………………… 
1.1 
Identification of the securities ………………………………………………… 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)

--- Page 127 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 121- 
66-41031997 
 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados) …………………………………… 
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated) 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta 
de las Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo 
reembolso intervenga una Entidad Gestora ………………… 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons 
and segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved …………… 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por 
su importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados). 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total 
amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2. 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores …………………………………………………… 
2.1 
Identification of the securities…………………………………………………….. 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) ……………………………………………………………… 
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
………………………………………………………… 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados)………………………………………………… 
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated) 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en………………a … de………………de … 
I declare the above in …………… on the … of …………… of …

--- Page 128 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 122- 
66-41031997 
 
(1) En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará 
constar el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de 
residencia. 
(1) In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall 
be included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 129 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 123- 
66-41031997 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bayerische Landesbank, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, ING 
Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., 
Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed 
by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated 9 May 2022 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued 
by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by 
those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the 
obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and 
addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of 
that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered and sold, and will not offer and sell, Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant 
tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf has 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, and that it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has also 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior 
to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling 
commission, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it a confirmation or notice to substantially 
the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche except in either case in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S." 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 130 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 124- 
66-41031997 
 
Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is 
one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue

--- Page 131 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 125- 
66-41031997 
 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Kingdom of Spain  
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed that the offers of the Notes in Spain will be directed 
specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as this term is defined in Article 205 
of the Restated Text of the Spanish Securities Market Law approved by Legislative Royal Decree 4/2015 
(Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del 
Mercado de Valores) (as amended, the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), and Article 58 of Royal Decree 
217/2008, of 15 February, and eligible counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 207 of 
the Spanish Securities Market Law. The Base Prospectus shall not be registered with the Spanish Securities 
Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore the Base Prospectus is not 
intended for any public offer of the Notes in Spain which is not exempted from the prospectus requirements. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic 
of Italy in an offer to the public, and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in 
accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy except: 
(a) 
to "qualified investors"(investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus Regulation and any 
applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 ("Decree No. 58") and 
Italian CONSOB regulations, all as amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the offer restrictions 
applies, as provided under the Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 ("Regulation No. 11971"), as amended from time to time, and the 
applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended, Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and 
any other applicable laws and regulations;

--- Page 132 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 126- 
66-41031997 
 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree to the Issuer, that it has not offered, sold, placed or 
underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect of 
the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(i) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended), and 
any codes of conduct or rules issued in connection therewith and any conditions, requirements 
or enactments, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, and the provisions of the 
Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(ii) 
the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under 
Section 117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) or any regulations made 
pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (as amended); 
(iii) 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or any delegated or implementing acts relating thereto, the 
European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland, the Companies Act 2014 (as 
amended) and any rules issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) 
by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
(iv) 
the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended), Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 of the European Parliament of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (as 
amended) and any rules issued under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) 
by the Central Bank of Ireland; and 
(v) 
it will ensure that no Notes will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than 12 months 
except in full compliance with Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(t) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 133 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 127- 
66-41031997 
 
(u) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
(a) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that, subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the 
"FinSA"), and will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to any Notes (i) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood 
pursuant to the FinSA or (ii) has been or will be filed with or approved by a review body 
within the meaning of article 52 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, 
(i) 
in the case of any Tranche of Notes to be issued (x) that has a minimum denomination of 
at least CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency), and (y) with respect to which 
no application to admit such Notes to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland will be made, such Notes may be publicly offered in 
Switzerland in reliance on the applicable exemption from the requirement to prepare and 
publish a prospectus under the FinSA; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in respect of any Tranche of Notes to be issued, the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree that (x) such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the FinSA and/or (y) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the 
Issuer to admit such Notes to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) agree to 
comply, and comply, with any applicable requirements of the FinSA in connection with 
such offering and/or application for admission to trading (including, if applicable, the 
requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under the FinSA). 
(c) 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that under no circumstances may Notes with a derivative character 
within the meaning of article 86(2) of the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance of 6 November 
2019, as amended, be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA 
in Switzerland, unless a key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article

--- Page 134 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 128- 
66-41031997 
 
58(1) FinSA (or any equivalent document under the FinSA) has been prepared in relation to such 
Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed with the Issuer that it has, to the best of its knowledge 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material 
or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 135 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 129- 
66-41031997 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of Shareholders' meeting 
held on 29 May 2014 and by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 29 May 2014 and the update 
of the Programme has been duly authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 24 February 
2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
2. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and will be valid for 12 months since the date 
of its approval. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as amended and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and trading on 
its regulated market.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext 
Dublin but which will be listed on such other stock exchanges as the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
3. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its twelve-month validity period. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
4. 
Save as disclosed in the section Litigation on pages 109 to 114 of this Base Prospectus, there are 
no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
5. 
Save as disclosed in "Recent Developments", since 31 December 2021, there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. Since 31 December 
2021, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
6. 
The Spanish language consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021 have been audited and the respective report has been issued, without 
qualification, by KPMG Auditores, S.L. of Paseo de la Castellana, 259 C 28046 Madrid, registered 
with the Madrid Commercial Register under volume 11,961 and sheet M-188007, and registered 
with the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (ROAC) under number S0702 (Registro Oficial 
de Auditores de Cuentas). KPMG Auditores, S.L. is a member of the Instituto de Censores Jurados 
de Cuentas de España.  
Documents on Display 
7. 
Physical copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof where 
applicable) may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent for 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer;

--- Page 136 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 130- 
66-41031997 
 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2021; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
(d) 
the 2021 conditions; 
(e) 
the 2020 conditions; 
(f) 
the 2019 conditions 
(g) 
the 2018 conditions; 
(h) 
the 2017 conditions; 
(i) 
the 2016 conditions; 
(j) 
the 2015 conditions; 
(k) 
the 2014 conditions; 
(l) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(m) 
the Deed of Covenant; and 
(n) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form). 
The documents referred to at (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), (l), (m) and (n) above 
may be viewed on the website of the Issuer at www.grupoacs.com. 
Clearing of the Notes 
9. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
10. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
11. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions.  
12. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of 
Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 131- 
66-41031997 
 
Material Contracts 
13. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued. 
Third Party Information 
14. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third-party information is 
identified where used. 
Conflicts of Interest 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for 
the Issuer and/or the Issuer's affiliates in the ordinary course of business and for which such Dealers 
have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and 
indemnification. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market 
risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees 
and commissions for these transactions. In particular, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or any 
of its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions that consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliates" also includes parent companies.  
Legal Entity Identifier 
16. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 95980020140005558665.

--- Page 138 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 132- 
66-41031997 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ACS, Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. 
Avenida Pío XII, 102  
28036 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28, 
Edificio Asia 
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11  
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1  
28027 Madrid  
Spain 
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Strasse 18 
80333 Munich 
Germany 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Pintor Sorolla 2-4, 
46002 Valencia  
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
 Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm,  
Taunusanlage 9-10  
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Franfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 139 ---
10227541109-v18 
- 133- 
66-41031997 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE LUXEMBOURG 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers and the Arrangers  
as to English and Spanish law: 
 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay  
Grand Canal Dock,  
Dublin 2, Ireland