--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 28 JUNE 2022
AEGON N.V.
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands
and having its corporate seat in The Hague)
and
AEGON FUNDING COMPANY LLC
(organised under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, 
having its corporate seat in Wilmington, Delaware and its executive office at 1201 Wills St., Suite 800 
Baltimore, MD 21231, United States)
 
guaranteed by
AEGON N.V.
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands
and having its corporate seat in The Hague)
Programme for the
Issuance of Debt Instruments
Under this Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments (the Programme), each of Aegon N.V. (Aegon 
and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, Aegon Group) and Aegon Funding Company LLC (AFC and 
each an Issuer and together the Issuers) may from time to time issue Notes (Notes, which expression shall 
include Senior Notes and, for Aegon only, Subordinated Notes (each as defined in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”)) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
Notes issued by AFC will have the benefit of a guarantee by Aegon in its capacity as guarantor (the 
Guarantor).
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all instruments from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed US$ 6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to 
the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Dealers being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten, the AFM), as competent authority in the Issuers' home Member State under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor nor as an endorsement of 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
2
The period of validity of the Base Prospectus is up to (and including) 12 months from the date of the 
approval of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid.
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam) to allow Notes issued under 
the Programme, during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, to be admitted to trading 
and to be listed on Euronext in Amsterdam. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to trading and listing on Euronext in Amsterdam. Euronext in Amsterdam is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II).
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as 
defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the 
Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext in Amsterdam will be filed with the AFM 
and Euronext Amsterdam on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche.
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The 
Issuers may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.
The Issuers may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the EU CRA Regulation) or the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA 
Regulation), respectively, will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.
Amounts payable on Notes with a floating rate of interest may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, 
the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 
36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).

--- Page 3 ---
3
Arranger for the Programme
MORGAN STANLEY
Dealers
ABN AMRO
BARCLAYS
BNP PARIBAS
BOFA SECURITIES
CITIGROUP 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC 
ING
J.P. MORGAN
MORGAN STANLEY
RABOBANK
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 4 ---
4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Overview of the Programme ...............................................................................................................................5
Risk Factors.........................................................................................................................................................9
Important Information.......................................................................................................................................41
Documents incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................................45
Terms and Conditions of the Notes...................................................................................................................47
Applicable Final Terms.....................................................................................................................................88
Use of Proceeds...............................................................................................................................................104
Description of Aegon N.V. .............................................................................................................................105
Description Of Aegon Funding Company LLC..............................................................................................118
Taxation...........................................................................................................................................................120
Subscription and Sale......................................................................................................................................127
General Information........................................................................................................................................133
Registered Offices...........................................................................................................................................135

--- Page 5 ---
5
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in any Notes 
should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated 
by reference herein. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.
Words and expressions defined in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meanings in this Overview.
Issuers:
Aegon N.V. and Aegon Funding Company LLC
Guarantor in respect of Notes 
issued by Aegon Funding 
Company LLC:
Aegon N.V.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI):
Aegon N.V.: O4QK7KMMK83ITNTHUG69
Aegon Funding Company LLC: KEIOKM01PSK5VZ5CCI74
Description:
Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments, which includes Senior 
Notes and, for Aegon only, Subordinated Notes.
Size:
The maximum aggregate nominal amount (or, in the case of Notes issued 
at a discount from the principal amount, the aggregate initial offering 
price) of Notes outstanding at any time shall not exceed 
US$6,000,000,000 or the approximate equivalent thereof in another 
currency calculated as at the issue date of the relevant Notes.
Arranger:
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Registrar:
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
First Alternative Registrar:
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Second Alternative Registrar:
Citibank, N.A.
Paying Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.
Dealers
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Barclays Bank 
PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., J.P. 
Morgan SE, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch International, 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE, Société Générale and any other Dealers 
appointed in accordance with the Dealership Agreement. 
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuers’ ability to fulfill its 
obligations under the Notes and certain other risks related to the Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" 
below.

--- Page 6 ---
6
Certain Restrictions
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see section “Subscription and Sale”).
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies:
The currency of each Series of Notes issued will be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue.
Maturities:
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or supervisory authorities 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer, the relevant 
Notes or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described in 
applicable Final Terms.
Interest:
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest-bearing 
Notes will either bear interest payable at a fixed rate, which may be 
subject to reset, or a floating rate. In each case, the interest will be payable 
on such date or dates as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue of the Notes, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In addition, the interest rate and yield in respect 
of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate will also be so agreed, specified 
and summarised. 
Floating rates of interest will be calculated by reference to a reference 
rate (such as, but not limited to, EURIBOR). The reference rate and the 
manner in which the floating rate of interest will be calculated using the 
reference rate (including any margin over or below the reference rate) 
will be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue of the relevant Notes, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Notes which do not bear any interest will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount. The terms applicable to each Series of such 
Notes will be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue of the relevant Notes, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption:
The terms under which Notes may be redeemed (including the maturity 
date, if any, and the price at which they will be redeemed on the maturity 
date as well as any provisions relating to early redemption) will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue of 
the relevant Notes, specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes

--- Page 7 ---
7
may also be perpetual securities in respect of which is there is no fixed 
redemption date. 
Specific requirements apply to the redemption of Subordinated Notes. 
See Condition 6.
Denomination of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, save that Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area (the 
EEA), or a specific segment of a regulated market within the EEA to 
which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) 
have access or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be issued with a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Specified Currency. 
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by The Netherlands or the 
United States. In the event that any such deduction is made, the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if payment is made under the Guarantee) will, 
save in certain limited circumstances, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.
Negative Pledge:
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision which, 
subject to certain exceptions, prohibits each Issuer and the Guarantor 
from securing upon any of the present or future assets or revenues of each 
Issuer and the Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries, unless they, 
simultaneously with or prior to the creation of such security, take any and 
all action necessary to procure that the same security (or other security 
acceptable to the Holders of Notes) is accorded to the Holders of Notes 
(other than Holders of Subordinated Notes).
Meetings: 
The conditions of the Notes will contain provisions for calling meetings 
of Holders of such Notes to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders, 
including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
Status of the Senior Notes:
The Notes may be issued on a senior basis and such Notes will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
each Issuer's negative pledge below) unsecured obligations of the 
relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (subject 
to such exceptions as from time to time exist under applicable law) with 
all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
relevant Issuer, present and future. 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
issued by Aegon N.V.: 
The Notes may be issued by Aegon N.V. on a subordinated basis and 
such Notes will be unsecured obligations of Aegon N.V. ranking pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and will, in the event of 
the bankruptcy, winding-up, moratorium (faillissement, vereffening na 
ontbinding or surseance van betaling) or Resolution of Aegon N.V. be 
subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Senior 
Debt of Aegon N.V., present and future, but will rank senior to all classes 
of share capital of the Issuer and to any Junior Subordinated 
Indebtedness.

--- Page 8 ---
8
Deferral 
of 
Interest 
on 
Subordinated Notes issued by 
Aegon N.V.:
Aegon N.V. may on any Interest Payment Date (Tier 3 Notes only to the 
extent so specified in the applicable Final Terms) or on any Required 
Interest Deferral Date must defer any interest payment. Interest payments 
will become mandatorily due and payable on any Compulsory Interest 
Payment Date.
Arrears 
of 
Interest 
on 
Subordinated Notes issued by 
Aegon N.V.: 
Any unpaid interest shall as long as it remains unpaid constitute 
Arrears of interest. Arrears of Interest will not bear interest. 
Unless the Final Terms specify otherwise, Arrears of Interest may, 
subject to conditions, at the option of Aegon N.V. be paid in whole or in 
part at any time, provided, however, that no Mandatory Deferral Event 
has occurred and is continuing at the time of such payment. Unless the 
Final Terms specify otherwise, all Arrears of Interest in respect of all 
Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding shall become due and 
payable in full in certain circumstances described in Condition 5(D)(d).
Listing and admission to 
trading:
The Notes may be issued on an unlisted basis or may be listed on 
Euronext in Amsterdam (or on any other stock exchange as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer).
Rating: 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings 
to the Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.
Governing Law:
Dutch law.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including the Netherlands, Belgium and France), 
the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Singapore and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche of Notes, see section “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 9 ---
9
RISK FACTORS
Each of the Issuers believes that the factors described below represent the material risks currently deemed to 
be inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the relevant Issuer to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons currently 
unknown and the relevant Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Capitalised terms which are not defined below will have the meaning set out in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. 
AFC is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Aegon N.V. If AFC issues any debt securities, Aegon N.V. will 
fully and unconditionally guarantee the due and punctual payment of the principal of, any premium and any 
interest on those debt securities, when and as these payments become due and payable, whether at maturity, 
upon redemption or declaration of acceleration, or otherwise. All risk factors regarding Aegon N.V. equally 
apply to AFC.
Aegon faces numerous risks, some of which may arise from internal factors, factors such as failures of 
compliance systems and other operational risks. Other risks may arise from external factors, such as 
developments in financial markets, the business and/or political environment, economic trends, politics and 
regulations. Any of the risks described below, whether internal or external, may materially and adversely affect 
Aegon’s operations, its earnings, the value of its investments, the sale of certain products and services or its 
ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of securities issued or guaranteed by it. The market price of Aegon 
securities could decline due to any of the risks described in this section and investors could lose some or all of 
the value of their investments. Additional risks of which Aegon is not presently aware could also materially 
and adversely affect its operations and share price. 
This section groups the risk factors into different categories based on the origin of the risk, while recognising 
that the identified risk factor can have broader consequences, e.g. developments on financial markets (included 
under financial risks) can impact policyholder behavior (included under underwriting risk). The categories 
used are: A) financial risks, B) underwriting risks, C) operational risks, D) political, regulatory and 
supervisory risks, and E) legal and compliance risks. In each case, the risk factors have been described in the 
most appropriate category. Within each category, the most material risk factors have been presented first. The 
order in which the remaining risk factors are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of 
occurrence. Furthermore, risks with a low likelihood can have a large impact should they materialise.
The described risk factors below may affect Aegon’s businesses and operations in normal market 
circumstances and in periods of significant economic uncertainty, when the manifestation of those risks may 
be more acute.
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE ISSUERS 
A. 
Financial risks
Interest rate volatility and sustained low or negative interest rate levels may adversely affect Aegon’s 
profitability and shareholders’ equity.
Aegon is exposed to interest rate risk as both its assets and liabilities are sensitive to movements in long- and 
short-term interest rates as well as to changes in the volatility of interest rates.
During periods of decreasing interest rates, sustained low or even negative interest rates, as experienced in 
recent years, Aegon may not be able to preserve profit margins in spread-based businesses due to the existence 
of minimum interest rate guarantees and minimum guaranteed crediting rates provided in policies. Investment 
earnings may be lower because the interest earnings on new fixed-income investments are likely to have

--- Page 10 ---
10
declined with the market interest rates. A prolonged low or even negative interest rate environment may also 
result in a lengthening of maturities of the policyholder liabilities from initial estimates, due to lower policy 
lapses and longer duration of annuities. In this context, negative interest rates have comparable but larger 
impacts than low but positive rates.
In-force life insurance and annuity policies may be relatively more attractive to consumers due to built-in 
minimum interest rate guarantees, resulting in increased premium payments on products with flexible premium 
features and a higher percentage of insurance policies remaining in force year-to-year. The majority of assets 
backing the insurance liabilities are invested in fixed-income securities.
Aegon, in managing its investments and derivative portfolio, considers a variety of factors, including the 
relationship between the expected duration of its assets and liabilities. However, if interest rates remain low or 
even negative, the yield earned upon reinvesting interest payments from current investments, or from their sale 
or maturity, may decline. Reinvestment at lower yields may reduce the spread between interest earned on 
investments and interest credited to some of Aegon’s products and accordingly profitability may decline. In 
addition, borrowers may prepay or redeem fixed maturity investments or mortgage loans in Aegon’s 
investment portfolio in order to borrow at lower rates. Aegon's ability to lower crediting rates on certain 
products to offset the decrease in spread may be limited by contractually guaranteed minimum rates or 
competitive influences.
Depending on economic developments, interest rates for securities with shorter maturities may remain at low 
or even negative levels for a prolonged period. In such an environment, an anchored expectation of low 
inflation or deflation could further push down the longer end of the interest rate curve, which could have 
significant implications for Aegon’s profitability.
Rapidly rising interest rates may adversely affect Aegon’s profitability and available liquidity.
In periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may and usually do 
increase. Premiums in flexible premium policies may decrease as policyholders seek investments with 
perceived higher returns. This activity may result in cash payments by Aegon requiring the sale of invested 
assets at a time when the prices of those assets are affected adversely by the increase in market interest rates. 
This may result in realised investment losses.
These cash payments to policyholders also result in a decrease in total invested assets and net result. Early 
withdrawals may also require accelerated amortisation of deferred policy acquisition costs (DPAC), which in 
turn reduces net result. 
In addition, if interest rates rise, unrealised losses on assets carried at fair value will be recorded in other 
comprehensive income (available-for-sale investments) or as losses (investments at fair value through profit 
or loss) under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS). This 
is inconsistent with the EU-IFRS accounting on much of Aegon’s liabilities, where corresponding economic 
gains from higher interest rates do not affect shareholders' equity or net income in the shorter term. Such 
temporal mismatch could cause Aegon’s results of operations to fluctuate significantly in the short-term.
Disruptions in the global financial markets and general economic conditions may affect, and could have 
material adverse effects on, Aegon’s businesses, profitability, liquidity and financial condition.
Aegon’s profitability and financial condition may be materially affected by uncertainty, fluctuations or 
negative trends in general economic conditions, such as economic growth, levels of unemployment, consumer 
confidence, inflation and interest rate levels in the countries in which Aegon operates. The COVID-19 
pandemic, for example, has caused significant volatility and disruption in the financial markets.
Any disruptions or downturns in the global financial markets or general economic conditions may result in 
reduced demand for Aegon’s products as well as impairments and reductions in the value of the assets in 
Aegon’s general account, separate account, and company pension schemes. Aegon may also experience a 
higher incidence of claims and unexpected policyholder behavior such as unfavorable changes in lapse rates. 
Aegon’s policyholders may choose to defer or stop paying insurance premiums, which may impact Aegon’s 
businesses, profitability, cash flows and financial condition, and Aegon cannot predict with any certainty if or 
when such actions may occur.
Governmental action in the United States, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, the European Union and 
elsewhere to address market disruptions and economic conditions may impact Aegon’s businesses. Aegon

--- Page 11 ---
11
cannot predict the effect that these or other government actions, including economic sanctions, as well as 
actions by the European Central Bank (ECB) or the US Federal Reserve may have on financial markets or on 
Aegon’s businesses, profitability, cash flows and financial condition.
Illiquidity of certain investment assets may prevent Aegon from selling investments at fair prices in a timely 
manner and Aegon’s access to external financing sources may be constrained under certain circumstances. 
Aegon must maintain sufficient liquidity to meet short-term cash demands under normal circumstances, as 
well as in crisis situations. Liquidity risk is inherent in many of Aegon’s businesses. Each asset purchased and 
liability (e.g. insurance products) sold has unique liquidity characteristics. Some liabilities can be surrendered, 
while some assets, such as privately placed loans, mortgage loans, real estate and limited partnership interests, 
are to some degree illiquid. In depressed markets, Aegon may be unable to sell or buy significant volumes of 
assets at quoted prices.
Any security Aegon issues in significant volume may be issued at higher financing costs if funding conditions 
are impaired. The necessity to issue securities can be driven by a variety of factors; for instance, Aegon may 
need liquidity for operating expenses, debt servicing and the maintenance of capital levels of insurance 
subsidiaries. If these extreme conditions were to persist for an extended period of time, Aegon may need to 
sell assets substantially below the prices at which they are currently recorded to meet its insurance obligations.
Aegon makes use of bilateral and syndicated credit facilities to support liquidity requirements and meet 
payment obligations under adverse (market) conditions. An inability to access these credit facilities, for 
example due to non-compliance with conditions for borrowing or the default of a facility provider under 
stressed market circumstances, could have an adverse effect on Aegon’s ability to meet liquidity needs and to 
comply with contractual and other requirements.
Aegon’s derivatives transactions require Aegon to provide collateral against declines in the fair value of these 
contracts. Volatile financial markets may significantly increase requirements to provide collateral and 
adversely affect its liquidity position. Further, a downgrade of Aegon’s credit ratings may also result in 
additional collateral requirements.
Declines in value and defaults in debt securities, private placements, mortgage loan portfolios and other 
instruments held in Aegon’s general and separate accounts, or the failure of certain counterparties, may 
have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, profitability, cash flows and financial condition.
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from the default by, or failure to meet contractual obligations of, issuers 
and counterparties. Aegon also considers credit risk to include spread risk, that is, a decline in the value of a 
bond due to a general widening of credit spreads. For general account products, Aegon typically bears the risk 
for investment performance equaling the return of principal and interest on fixed income instruments. Aegon 
is exposed to credit risk on its general account fixed-income portfolio (debt securities, mortgages, small and 
medium sized entities (SME) and consumer loans and private placements), over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives 
and reinsurance contracts. In addition, financial institutions acting as a counterparty on derivatives may not 
fulfill their obligations. Default by issuers and counterparties on their financial obligations may be due to, 
among other things, bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, market downturns or operational failures, and the collateral 
or security they provide may prove inadequate to cover their obligations at the time of the default. Losses in 
excess of predicted losses due to any such default or series of defaults by issuers or counterparties may have a 
material adverse effect on Aegon’s profitability and financial condition.
Additionally, Aegon is indirectly exposed to credit risk on the investment portfolios underlying separate 
account liabilities. Changes to credit risk can decrease the value of fixed interest assets in the separate accounts. 
Reduced separate account values will decrease fee income and may accelerate DPAC amortisation. In addition, 
certain separate account products sold in the United States and the Netherlands include guarantees that protect 
the policyholders against some or all of the downside risks in their separate account portfolios. Reconsideration 
of assumptions might also affect the DPAC amortisation schedule. These factors may have a material adverse 
effect on Aegon’s profitability and financial position.
Aegon’s investment portfolio includes Dutch government bonds, US Treasury, agency and state bonds, other 
government-issued securities and corporate bonds. Especially in a weak economic environment Aegon may 
incur significant investment impairments due to defaults and overall declines in the capital markets. Defaults

--- Page 12 ---
12
or other reductions in the value of these securities and loans may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s 
businesses, profitability, cash flows and financial condition.
A decline in equity markets may adversely affect Aegon’s profitability and shareholders' equity, sales of 
savings and investment products, and the value of assets under management.
Aegon and its customers run the risk that the market value of their equity investments can decline. Exposure 
to equity markets exists in both assets and liabilities. Asset exposure exists through direct equity investment 
where Aegon bears all or most of the volatility in returns and investment performance risk. Equity market 
exposure is also present in policyholders’ accounts for insurance and investment contracts (such as variable 
annuities, unit-linked products, and mutual funds) where funds are invested in equities. Although most of the 
risk remains with the policyholder, guarantees within certain products may transfer some or all of this risk to 
Aegon. Lower investment returns also reduce the asset management and administration fee that Aegon earns 
on the asset balance in these products, and prolonged investment under-performance may cause existing 
customers to withdraw funds and potential customers not to grant investment mandates.
Some of Aegon’s insurance and investment contract businesses have minimum return or accumulation 
guarantees, which require Aegon to establish reserves to fund these future guaranteed benefits when equity 
market returns do not meet or exceed these guarantee levels. Aegon’s reported results under EU-IFRS are also 
at risk if returns are not sufficient to allow amortisation of DPAC, which may impact the reported net result as 
well as shareholders’ equity. Volatile or poor market conditions may also significantly reduce the demand for 
some of Aegon’s savings and investment products, which may lead to lower sales and reduced profitability.
A downturn in the real estate market may adversely impact valuations and cash flows.
Aegon’s investment portfolio has a large exposure to the residential real estate market in the Netherlands 
through the residential mortgages sourced by Aegon and the AMVEST funds. Aegon also has exposure to the 
real estate market in the US through commercial mortgage loans. Risks for Aegon in the US and the 
Netherlands in the event of a downturn in the real estate market include lower returns or valuation losses on 
its mortgage portfolio, lower margins due to higher prepayment in the mortgage portfolio in the event of lower 
interest rates and increased payment defaults. 
The default of a major financial market participant and systemic risk may disrupt the markets and affect 
Aegon.
The failure of a sufficiently large and influential financial market participant may disrupt securities markets or 
clearing and settlement systems in Aegon’s markets. This may cause market declines or volatility. Such a 
failure may lead to a chain of defaults that may adversely affect Aegon and Aegon’s contract counterparties. 
In addition, such a failure may impact future product sales as a potential result of reduced confidence in the 
insurance industry. The default of one or more large international financial institutions, which may result in 
disruption or termination of their cash, custodial and/or administrative services, may also have a material 
adverse impact on Aegon’s ability to run effective treasury and asset management operations.
Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of a government or financial institution (or a default by any such 
entity) may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults. This risk is sometimes referred to 
as 'systemic risk' and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing members or futures 
commissions merchants, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which Aegon interacts 
on a daily basis and financial instruments of governments in which Aegon invests. Systemic risk could have a 
material adverse effect on Aegon’s ability to raise new funds and on its business, financial condition, 
profitability, liquidity and/or prospects. 
Reinsurers to which Aegon has ceded risk may fail to meet their obligations.
Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries cede premiums to other insurers under various agreements that cover individual 
risks, group risks or defined blocks of business, on a co-insurance, yearly renewable term, excess or catastrophe 
excess basis. The purpose of these reinsurance agreements is to spread the risk and minimise the effect of 
losses. The amount of each risk retained depends on an evaluation of the specific risk, which is subject, in 
certain circumstances, to maximum limits based on the characteristics of coverage. Under the terms of the 
reinsurance agreements, the reinsurer agrees to reimburse for the ceded amount in the event a covered claim 
is paid. However, Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries remain liable to their policyholders for ceded insurance if 
any reinsurer fails to meet the obligations assumed by it. A bankruptcy or insolvency or inability of any of

--- Page 13 ---
13
Aegon’s reinsurance counterparties to satisfy its obligations may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s 
financial conditions and results of operations. 
A downgrade in Aegon’s credit ratings may increase policy surrenders and withdrawals, adversely affect 
Aegon's relationships with distributors, and negatively affect Aegon’s results of operations.
Claims-paying ability and financial strength ratings are factors in establishing the competitive position of 
insurers. A rating downgrade (or a change in outlook indicating the potential for such a downgrade) of Aegon 
or any of its rated insurance subsidiaries may, among other things, materially increase the number of policy 
surrenders and withdrawals by policyholders of cash values from their policies. Aegon cannot predict what 
actions rating agencies may take, or what actions Aegon may take in response to the actions of rating agencies. 
As with other companies in the financial services industry, Aegon’s credit ratings may be downgraded at any 
time and without notice by any rating agency.
Withdrawals by policyholders may require the sale of invested assets, including illiquid assets, at a price that 
may result in realised investment losses. These cash payments to policyholders would result in a decrease in 
total invested assets and a decrease in net result. Among other things, early withdrawals may also cause Aegon 
to accelerate amortisation of DPAC, reducing net result.
Aegon has experienced downgrades and negative changes to its outlook in the past and may experience rating 
and outlook changes in the future. A downgrade or potential downgrade, including changes in outlook, may 
result in higher funding costs on future long-term debt funding transactions and/or affect the availability of 
funding in the capital markets and lead to increased fees on credit facilities. In addition, a downgrade may 
adversely affect relationships with broker-dealers, banks, agents, wholesalers and other distributors of Aegon’s 
products and services, which may negatively impact new sales and adversely affect Aegon’s ability to compete. 
A downgrade of Aegon’s credit ratings may also affect its ability to obtain reinsurance contracts at reasonable 
prices or at all.
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may affect Aegon’s financial condition and reported results of 
operations.
As an international group, Aegon is subject to foreign currency translation risk. Foreign currency exposure 
also exists when policies are denominated in currencies other than Aegon’s functional currency. Currency risk 
in the investment portfolios backing insurance and investment liabilities is managed using asset liability 
matching principles. Assets allocated to equity are kept in local currencies to the extent shareholders’ equity 
is required to satisfy regulatory and Aegon’s self-imposed capital requirements. Therefore, currency exchange 
rate fluctuations may affect the level of Aegon’s consolidated shareholders’ equity as a result of translation of 
the equity of Aegon’s subsidiaries into euro, Aegon’s reporting currency. Aegon holds the remainder of its 
capital base (capital securities, subordinated and senior debt) in various currencies in amounts that are targeted 
to correspond to the book value of Aegon’s business units. This balancing is intended to mitigate currency 
translation impacts on equity and leverage ratios. Aegon may also hedge proceeds from divestments or the 
foreign exchange component of expected dividends from its principal business units that maintain their equity 
in currencies other than the euro.
To the extent the foreign exchange component of proceeds from divestments or the expected dividends is not 
hedged, or actual dividends vary from expected, Aegon’s net result and shareholders’ equity may fluctuate. As 
Aegon has significant business segments in the Americas and in the United Kingdom, the principal sources of 
exposure from currency fluctuations are from the differences between the US dollar and the euro and between 
the UK pound and the euro. Aegon may experience significant changes in net result and shareholders’ equity 
because of these fluctuations.
Aegon may be unable to manage asset liability management risks successfully through derivatives.
Aegon is exposed to changes in the fair value of its investments, as a result of the impact of interest rate, equity 
markets and credit spread changes, currency fluctuations and changes in mortality and longevity. Aegon uses 
common financial derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures, and forward contracts, to hedge 
some of the exposures related to both investments backing insurance products and Company borrowings. 
Aegon may not be able to manage these asset liability management risks associated with these activities 
successfully through the use of derivatives. In addition, a counterparty may fail to honor the terms of its 
derivatives contracts with Aegon. Clearing members and clearing houses may terminate their derivatives

--- Page 14 ---
14
contracts with Aegon. Aegon’s inability to manage risks successfully through derivatives, a counterparty’s 
failure to honor Aegon’s obligations or a systemic risk that is transmitted from counterparty to counterparty 
may each have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, net result and financial condition.
Valuation of Aegon’s investments, allowances and impairments is subjective, and discrepant valuations may 
adversely affect Aegon’s net result and financial condition.
The valuation of many of Aegon’s financial instruments is based on methodologies, estimations, and 
assumptions that are subject to different interpretations. Changes to investment valuations may have a material 
adverse effect on Aegon’s net result and financial condition. In addition, the determination of the amount of 
allowances and impairments taken on certain investments and other assets is subjective and based on 
assumptions, estimations and judgments that may not reflect or correspond to Aegon’s actual experience, any 
of which may materially impact Aegon’s net result or financial condition.
Higher inflation may adversely affect Aegon's business plans and strategy and the profitability of its 
business.
Inflation has increased in the major economies driven by many factors, such as supply chain disruption, energy 
and commodity costs. Central banks and governments are assessing whether inflation increases are 
transitionary or lasting and recently started to consider raising interest rates and other monetary policies to 
combat inflation. 
A high inflation environment can adversely affect Aegon directly through higher claims and higher expenses 
or through broader macro-economic impacts that are associated with high inflation, such as higher interest 
rates and a correction to the market value of assets.
Index linked pension products have a direct and strong link to inflation. Long term care products have a high 
correlation to inflation over the longer term. It is Aegon's practice to hedge the indexation of pension products 
but it is not possible to hedge the inflation associated with long term care products as no instrument exists to 
match this risk. Rather Aegon mitigates this risk by close management of claims costs and benefits in the US.
Operating expenses have a strong correlation with inflation (wage and price inflation). An increase in observed 
inflation may lead to increased expenses and lower earnings if Aegon is unable to offset the expense of inflation 
through expense savings initiatives.
Higher inflation may have broader economic impacts on asset valuations and economic activity, which will 
adversely impact Aegon’s business plans and strategy and its profitability.
B.
 Underwriting risks
Aegon’s reported results of operations and financial condition may be affected by differences between 
actual claims experience and underwriting and reserve assumptions both due to incurred gains/losses and 
from potential changes in best estimate assumptions that are used to value insurance liabilities.
There is a risk that the pricing of Aegon’s products turns out to be inadequate if the assumptions used for 
pricing do not materialise. Aegon’s earnings depend significantly on the extent to which actual claims 
experience is consistent with the assumptions used in setting the prices for Aegon’s products and the extent to 
which the established technical provisions for insurance liabilities, both under IFRS and Solvency II reporting, 
prove to be sufficient. If actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying assumptions used in 
establishing such liabilities, Aegon’s net income would be reduced. Furthermore, if less favorable claims 
experience became sustained, Aegon may be required to change its best estimate assumptions with respect to 
future experience, potentially increasing the technical provisions for insurance liabilities, which may reduce 
Aegon’s net income and solvency ratio. In addition, certain acquisition costs related to the sale of new policies 
and the purchase of policies already in force have been recorded as assets on the balance sheet and are being 
amortised into net income over time. If the assumptions relating to the future profitability of these policies 
(such as future claims, investment net income and expenses) are not realised, the amortisation of these costs 
may be accelerated and may require write-offs should there be an expectation that the costs are not fully 
recoverable. This may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s results of operations and financial condition.
Sources of underwriting risk include policyholder behavior (such as lapses or surrender of policies), policy 
claims (such as mortality and morbidity) and expenses. For some product lines, Aegon is at risk if policy lapses 
increase, as sometimes Aegon is unable to fully recover up-front sales expenses despite the presence of

--- Page 15 ---
15
commission recoveries or surrender charges and fees. In addition, some policies have embedded options which 
at times are more valuable to the client if they stay (lower lapses) or leave (higher lapses), which may result in 
losses to Aegon’s businesses. Aegon sells certain types of policies that are at risk if mortality or morbidity 
increases, such as term life insurance and accident insurance. Aegon also sells certain other types of policies, 
such as annuity products, that are at risk if mortality decreases (longevity risk). For example, certain current 
annuity products, as well as products sold in previous years, have seen their profitability deteriorate as 
longevity assumptions have been revised upward. Despite the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
it remains possible for the trend toward increased longevity to return, such that Aegon’s annuity products may 
continue to experience adverse effects due to longer expected benefit payment periods. Aegon is also at risk if 
expenses are higher than assumed.
Changes in assumptions, estimations, and discrepant valuations of DPAC and value of business acquired 
may adversely affect Aegon’s results of operations and financial condition.
New data included in the latest experience studies and changes in policyholder behaviour can result in changes 
in assumptions, estimations and judgments. Such changes in assumptions, estimations, judgments or actual 
experience may also require Aegon to accelerate the amortisation of DPAC and value of business acquired, 
establish a valuation allowance against deferred income tax assets, or recognise impairment of other assets, 
any of which may materially adversely affect Aegon’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Some of Aegon’s products have guarantees that may adversely affect its results of operations, financial 
condition or liquidity.
Some products, particularly Aegon’s variable annuity products in the US and defined benefit pension business 
in the Netherlands, include death benefit guarantees, guarantees of minimum surrender values or income 
streams for stated periods or for life, which may be more than account values. These guarantees are designed, 
among other things, to protect policyholders against downturns in equity markets and interest rates. The value 
of the guarantees depends on market prices of such products. Failure to re-price the products following a fall 
in interest rates or a move into more volatile markets could result in Aegon writing business at a loss and 
potentially writing higher volumes of loss making business if competitors re-price their products. 
Alternatively, if competitors re-price their products on aggressive pricing terms, then Aegon may be pressured 
to re-price with less favorable terms than it is willing to take without the pressure. Each of these circumstances 
may adversely affect Aegon’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
Restrictions on underwriting criteria and the use of data may adversely impact Aegon’s results of 
operations.
Some jurisdictions impose restrictions on particular underwriting criteria, such as gender or race, or use of 
genetic test results, for determination of premiums and benefits of insurance products. Such restrictions, now 
or in the future, could adversely impact Aegon’s results of operation if it is unable to take into consideration 
all factors that potentially bear correlation with risk. Further developments in underwriting, such as automation 
and use of additional types and sources of data, may also be affected by future regulatory developments 
regarding privacy and other restrictions with respect to the use of personal data.
Aegon's products may not achieve expected returns and Aegon may be confronted with litigation and 
negative publicity.
Aegon may face lawsuits from customers and experience negative publicity if Aegon’s products fail to perform 
as expected, regardless of the suitability of products for customers or the adequacy of the disclosure provided 
to customers by Aegon and by the intermediaries who distribute Aegon’s products. Products that are less well 
understood and that have a lower performance track record may be more likely to be the subject of such 
lawsuits. Any such lawsuits may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s results of operations, corporate 
reputation, and financial condition. 
Reinsurance may not be available, affordable, or adequate to protect Aegon against losses.
As part of Aegon’s overall risk and capital management strategy, Aegon purchases reinsurance for certain risks 
underwritten by Aegon’s various business segments. Market conditions beyond Aegon’s control determine the 
availability and cost of the reinsurance protection Aegon purchases. In addition, interpretations of terms and 
conditions may differ over time from anticipated coverage as contracts extend for decades, which may lead to 
denials of coverage and potentially protracted litigation, which may lead to Aegon incurring losses.

--- Page 16 ---
16
Catastrophic events, which are unpredictable by nature, may result in material losses and abruptly and 
significantly interrupt Aegon’s business activities.
Aegon’s results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by volatile natural and man-
made disasters such as hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, terrorism, cyber-crime, riots, wars, fires and 
explosions, pandemics, and other catastrophes. Over the past several years, changing weather patterns and 
climatic conditions have added to the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters in certain parts of the 
world and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposure. Aegon is also exposed to the risk of 
epidemics or pandemics occurring in one or more of the countries in which Aegon operates or globally. For 
instance, Aegon can be impacted through higher mortality rates in the countries in which it operates and 
through lower sales and higher lapses on its products due to limitations on customer interactions, pressure on 
customer income and increased uncertainty. Such events may lead to considerable financial losses to Aegon’s 
businesses. These catastrophic events may also lead to adverse market movements which increase the adverse 
impacts to Aegon’s financial position. For instance, prices and credit quality of investments can be impacted. 
In addition, monetary policy measures from central banks can result in fluctuations in interest rates. 
Furthermore, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism, civil unrest, military actions, acts of war and fires may 
disrupt Aegon’s operations and result in significant loss of property, key personnel, and information about 
Aegon and its clients. If its business continuity plans have not included effective and sufficient contingencies 
for such events, Aegon may also experience business disruption and damage to corporate reputation and 
financial condition for a substantial period of time.
C. 
Operational risks
Competitive factors may adversely affect Aegon’s market share and profitability.
Competition in Aegon’s business segments is based on service, product features, price, commission structure, 
financial strength, claims paying ability, ratings, and name recognition. Aegon faces intense competition from 
a large number of other insurers, as well as non-insurance financial services companies such as banks, broker-
dealers and asset managers, for individual customers, employers, other group customers, agents and other 
distributors of insurance and investment products. Consolidation in the global financial services industry can 
enhance the competitive position of some of Aegon’s competitors by broadening the range of their products 
and services and increasing their distribution channels and their access to capital. New competitors backed by 
private equity investors may lead to further pressure on Aegon's margins. In addition, development of 
alternative distribution channels for certain types of insurance and securities products, including use of digital 
technologies and platforms, may result in increasing competition as well as pressure on margins for certain 
types of products. Traditional distribution channels are also challenged by a ban on sales-based commissions 
in some countries. These competitive factors may result in increased pricing pressures on Aegon's products 
and services, particularly as competitors seek to win market share. This may harm Aegon’s ability to maintain 
or increase profitability.
Adverse market and economic conditions can be expected to result in changes to the competitive landscape. 
Financial distress experienced by financial services industry participants as a result of weak economic 
conditions and newly imposed regulations may lead to acquisition opportunities. Additionally, the competitive 
landscape in which Aegon operates may be affected by government-sponsored programs or actions taken in 
response to, for instance, dislocations in financial markets. Aegon’s ability or that of Aegon’s competitors to 
pursue such opportunities may be limited due to lower earnings, reserve increases, capital requirements or a 
lack of access to debt capital markets and other sources of financing. Such conditions may also lead to changes 
by Aegon or Aegon’s competitors in product offerings and product pricing that may affect Aegon and Aegon’s 
relative sales volumes, market shares and profitability. 
Aegon may have difficulty managing its expanding operations, and Aegon may not be successful in 
acquiring new businesses or divesting existing operations.
Over time, Aegon has made a number of acquisitions and divestments around the world and it is possible that 
Aegon may make further acquisitions and divestments in the future. Acquisitions and divestments involve 
risks that may adversely affect Aegon’s results  of operations and financial condition. These include: the 
potential diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations; difficulties in assimilating 
or disentangling operations, technologies, products and personnel; significant delays in completing the 
integration or disentangling of operations; the potential loss of key employees or customers; and potential

--- Page 17 ---
17
losses from unanticipated litigation and tax and accounting issues. In addition, expansion into new and 
emerging markets may involve heightened political, legal and regulatory risks, such as discriminatory 
regulation, nationalisation or expropriation of assets, price controls and exchange controls.
Aegon’s acquisitions may result in additional indebtedness, costs, contingent liabilities, and impairment 
expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets. Acquisitions may also have a dilutive effect on the 
ownership and voting percentages of existing shareholders if shares are used as consideration. Divestments of 
existing operations may result in Aegon assuming or retaining certain contingent liabilities. Aegon may not be 
able to divest assets within the time or at the price planned. All of these factors may adversely affect Aegon’s 
businesses, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that Aegon will 
successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates or buyers for operations to be divested or that Aegon will 
properly value acquisitions or divestments. Aegon is unable to predict whether or when any prospective 
acquisition candidate or buyer for operations to be divested will become available, or the likelihood that any 
transaction will be completed once negotiations have commenced.
Aegon may experience difficulties in distributing and marketing products through its current and future 
distribution channels.
Although Aegon distributes its products through a wide variety of distribution channels, Aegon’s ability to 
market its products could be affected if key relationships are interrupted. Distributors may elect to reduce or 
terminate their distribution relationship with Aegon due to adverse developments in its (or their) business. 
Further, key distribution partners may also merge or change their business models in ways that affect how 
Aegon’s products are sold, or new distribution channels could emerge and adversely impact the effectiveness 
of its current distribution efforts.
When Aegon’s products are distributed through unaffiliated firms, Aegon may not always be able to monitor 
or control the manner of their distribution despite its significant compliance training and programs. If Aegon’s 
products are distributed by such firms in an inappropriate manner, or to customers for whom they are 
unsuitable, Aegon may suffer reputational and other harm to its business.
Aegon may be unable to adapt to and apply new technologies.
New technologies are transforming the insurance industry. New technologies include but are not limited to 
communication channels, automation, artificial intelligence, additional processing platforms and cloud 
services, data analytics and distributed ledger technology. These technologies are changing the way insurance 
is distributed and sold. They are also changing the way insurers manage their businesses and the skills they 
need in their workforces. Furthermore, the new technologies are influencing customer and consumer demands. 
Technology makes it easier to move into new markets. This increases competition, not just among peers, but 
also from new competitors and disruptors. An inability to adapt and apply these technologies quickly, and in 
a controlled manner may impact Aegon’s competitive position, and its ability to maintain profitability, and 
may adversely affect Aegon’s future financial condition and results of operations.
Failure of data management and governance can result in regulatory and reputational risk as well as missed 
business opportunities.
Data is essential for Aegon’s operational performance. However, much of the data held by Aegon is subject to 
various legal, regulatory and contractual restrictions. To be able to benefit from the data that Aegon holds, 
areas like data management and governance are of key importance. Most internal processes and customer 
interactions are dependent on accessible, reliable, and compliant data practices and operations. If Aegon fails 
to adequately execute on these obligations, it faces potential legal, regulatory, contractual and reputational 
risks. Aegon also must endeavor to obtain adequate data rights to be able to execute its business strategy. 
Failure to do so will expose it to additional legal risks, including litigation risks. 
Aegon may be impacted by epidemics or pandemics.
Aegon is exposed to the risk of an epidemic or a pandemic – such as Asian flu, SARs or COVID-19 – occurring 
in one or more of the countries in which it operates or globally. Aegon’s daily activities may be adversely 
impacted in addition to the financial and underwriting consequences of higher mortality and economic 
hardship, as previously mentioned. If the health of a significant number of employees or key functions is 
compromised or internal controls need to be executed in an atypical way, these could have an impact on core 
business processes, service levels to customers, and the effectiveness of the control environment. In addition,

--- Page 18 ---
18
Aegon faces additional operational risks related to prolonged and expanded working from home/remote 
working by Aegon's workforce, such as additional remote access to company information which could increase 
information security risk. Also, Aegon can be impacted via its relationships with third parties. These third 
parties can also be impacted by an epidemic or pandemic with consequential impacts on Aegon such as 
disruption in service. The described risks may directly or indirectly impact Aegon’s financial health and its 
ability to generate capital in the medium to long term.
Aegon may not be successful in managing its exposure to climate risk and adequately adapting investment 
portfolios for the transition to a low-carbon economy.
Climate change is a long-term risk associated with high uncertainty regarding timing, scope and severity of 
potential impacts. Climate risks can be grouped into physical risks and transition risks. Physical risks relate to 
losses from overall climate changes (i.e. changing weather patterns and sea level rise) and acute climate events 
(i.e. extreme weather and natural disasters). These physical risks impact property & casualty (P&C) insurance, 
but also life insurance, for instance through higher-than-expected mortality rates. Losses can also follow from 
credit risk and collateral linked to Aegon’s mortgage portfolio. Aegon is exposed to mortality risk and 
mortgage underwriting risks. Beyond insured losses, climate change may have disrupting and cascading effects 
on the wider economy and may lead to adverse market movements – prices and credit quality of investments 
and defaults on investments – and monetary policy measures resulting in lower interest rates. 
Transition risks are those arising from the shift to a low-carbon economy. These risks are a function of policy 
and regulatory uncertainty, including political, social and market dynamics and technological innovations. 
Transition risks can affect the value of assets and investment portfolios. Furthermore, Aegon may be unable 
to adjust to environmental and sustainability goals. Linked to both the physical and the transition risks, there 
could also be litigation and reputational risks following from not fully considering or responding to the impacts 
of climate change, or not providing appropriate disclosure of current and future risks. Aegon may not be able 
to fully predict or manage the financial risks stemming from climate change, resource depletion, environmental 
degradation and related social issues. The risks can relate both to Aegon and the companies in which it invests.
Given the significant uncertainties related to climate change impacts and its long-term nature, it cannot be 
ruled out that climate change may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
Aegon’s risk management policies and processes may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk 
events, adversely affecting its businesses, results of operations, and financial condition.
Aegon has devoted significant resources to the implementation and maintenance of a comprehensive enterprise 
risk management framework in all aspects of the business. Nevertheless, it is possible that risks present in its 
business strategies and initiatives are not fully identified, monitored, and managed or that risks are not properly 
measured. Risk measurements make use of historic and public data that may be inaccurate or may not predict 
future exposures. As a result, Aegon’s businesses, results of operations, and financial condition may be 
adversely affected.
Failure of Aegon’s information technology or communications systems may result in a material adverse 
effect on Aegon’s businesses, results of operations, financial condition and corporate reputation.
Any failure of or gap in the systems and processes necessary to support complex transactions and avoid and/or 
detect systems failure, fraud, information security failures, processing errors, cyber intrusion, loss of data and 
breaches of regulation may lead to a material adverse effect on Aegon’s results of operations and corporate 
reputation. In addition, Aegon must commit significant resources to maintain and enhance its existing systems 
in order to keep pace with applicable regulatory requirements, industry standards and customer preferences. If 
Aegon fails to maintain secure and well-functioning information systems, Aegon may not be able to rely on 
data for product pricing, compliance obligations, risk management and underwriting decisions. In addition, 
Aegon cannot assure investors or consumers that interruptions, failures or breaches in security of these 
processes and systems will not occur, or that if they do occur, that they can be timely detected and remediated. 
The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, results of 
operations, financial condition and corporate reputation.

--- Page 19 ---
19
A computer system failure or security breach of Aegon’s IT systems or that of critical third parties may 
disrupt Aegon’s business, damage Aegon’s reputation and adversely affect Aegon’s results of operations, 
financial condition, and cash flows.
Aegon relies heavily on computer and information systems and internet and network connectivity (IT systems) 
to conduct a large portion of its business operations. This includes the need to securely store, process, transmit 
and dispose of confidential information, including personal information, through a number of complex 
systems. In many cases this also includes transmission and processing to or through customers, business 
partners, (semi-) governmental agencies and third-party service providers. The introduction of new 
technologies, computer system failures, cyber-crime attacks or security or data privacy breaches may material 
disrupt Aegon’s business operations, damage Aegon’s reputation, result in regulatory and litigation exposure, 
investigation and remediation costs, and materially and adversely affect Aegon’s results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows.
The information security risk that Aegon faces includes the risk of malicious outside forces using public 
networks and other methods, including social engineering and the exploitation of targeted offline processes, to 
attack Aegon’s systems and information and potentially demand ransom. It also includes inside threats, both 
malicious and accidental. For example, human error, bugs and vulnerabilities that may exist in our systems or 
software, unauthorised user activity and lack of sufficiently automated processing or sufficient logging and 
monitoring can result in improper information exposure or failure or delayed detection of such activity in a 
timely manner. Aegon also faces risk in this area due to its reliance in many cases on third-party systems, all 
of which may face cyber and information security risks of their own. Third-party administrators or distribution 
partners used by Aegon or its subsidiaries may not adequately secure their own IT systems or may not 
adequately keep pace with the dynamic changes in this area. Potential bad actors that target Aegon and 
applicable third parties may include, but are not limited to, criminal organisations, foreign government bodies, 
political factions, and others.
In recent years, information security risk has increased sharply due to a number of developments in how 
information systems are used, not only by companies such as Aegon, but also by society in general. Threats 
have increased in frequency and magnitude, and are expected to continue to increase, as criminals and other 
bad actors become more organized and employ more sophisticated techniques. At the same time companies 
increasingly make information systems and data available through the internet, mobile devices or other 
network connections to customers, employees and business partners, thereby expanding the attack surface that 
bad actors can potentially exploit. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Aegon also faces increased 
cybersecurity risks due to the number of its and its service providers’ and partners’ employees who are (and 
may continue to be) working remotely, which creates additional opportunities for cybercriminals to launch 
social engineering attacks and exploit vulnerabilities in non-corporate IT environments. 
Large, global financial institutions such as and including Aegon have been, and will continue to be, subject to 
information security attacks for the foreseeable future. The nature of these attacks will also continue to be 
unpredictable, and in many cases may arise from circumstances that are beyond Aegon’s control. Attackers 
are also increasingly using tools and techniques that are specifically designed to circumvent controls, to evade 
detection and even to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. As a result, Aegon may be unable to timely or 
effectively detect, identify, contain, investigate or remediate IT systems in response to, future cyberattacks or 
security breaches. Especially if and to the extent Aegon fails to adequately invest in defensive infrastructure, 
timely response capabilities, technology, controls and processes or to effectively execute against its 
information security strategy, it may suffer material adverse consequences.
To date the highest impact information security incidents that Aegon has experienced are believed to have 
been the result of e-mail phishing attacks targeted at Aegon’s business partners and customers. This in turn led 
to the unauthorised use of valid Aegon website credentials to engage in fraudulent transactions and improper 
data exfiltration. Additionally, Aegon has faced other types of attacks, including, but not limited to, other types 
of phishing attacks, distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks, technology implementation and update errors, 
various human errors, e-mail related errors, paper-based errors, exploitations of vulnerabilities and certain 
limited cases of unauthorised internal user activity, including activity between different Aegon country units. 
Like many other companies, Aegon could also be subject to malware, ransomware and similar types of attacks 
or intrusions. There is no guarantee that the measures that Aegon takes will be sufficient to stop all types of 
attacks or mitigate all types of information security or data privacy risks.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Aegon maintains cyber liability insurance to help decrease the financial impact of cyber-attacks and 
information security events, subject to the terms and conditions of the policy; however, such insurance may 
not be sufficient to cover all applicable losses that Aegon may suffer. 
A breach of data privacy or security obligations may disrupt Aegon’s business, damage Aegon’s reputation 
and adversely affect financial conditions and results of operations.
Pursuant to applicable laws, various government and semi-governmental and other administrative bodies have 
established numerous rules protecting the privacy and security of personal information and other confidential 
or sensitive information held by Aegon. Notably, certain of Aegon's businesses are subject to laws and 
regulations enacted by US federal and state governments, the EU or other non-US/EU jurisdictions and/or 
enacted by various regulatory organizations relating to the privacy and/or information security of the 
information of customers, employees or others. Aegon’s European operations are mainly subjected to the 
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In addition, in several Asian and Latin American jurisdictions 
where Aegon has activities, new privacy and information security laws and regulations have been enacted or 
existing legislation has been strengthened and updated.
In the United States, the New York Department of Finance Services (NYDFS), pursuant to its cybersecurity 
regulation, requires financial institutions regulated by the NYDFS, including certain Aegon subsidiaries, to, 
among other things, satisfy an extensive set of minimum information security requirements, including but not 
limited to governance, management, reporting, policy, technology and control requirements.  Other states have 
adopted similar cybersecurity laws and regulations.
Numerous other US state and federal laws also impose various information security and privacy related 
obligations with respect to various Aegon subsidiaries operating in the US, including but not limited to the 
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and related state laws and implementing regulations (GLBA), the California 
Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), and the Health Insurance 
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), among many others. The White House, the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) and other regulators have also increased their focus on cybersecurity 
vulnerabilities and risks. These laws generally provide for governmental investigative and enforcement 
authority, and in certain cases provide for private rights of action.
Numerous other legislators and regulators with jurisdiction over our businesses are considering or have already 
enacted enhanced information security risk management and privacy laws and regulations, with the overall 
number and scope of such laws and regulations continuing to increase every year. A number of Aegon’s 
subsidiaries are also subject to contractual restrictions with respect to the use and handling of the sensitive 
information of our clients and business partners.
Aegon, and numerous of its systems, employees, third-party providers and business partners have access to, 
and routinely process, the personal information of consumers and employees. Aegon relies on a large number 
of processes and controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of personal information and 
other confidential information that is accessible to, or in the possession of, Aegon, its systems, employees and 
business partners. It is possible that an Aegon or a third party's employee, contractor, business partner or system 
could, intentionally or unintentionally, inappropriately disclose or misuse personal or confidential information. 
Aegon’s data or data in its possession could also be the subject of an unauthorised information security attack. 
If Aegon fails to maintain adequate processes and controls or if Aegon or its business partners fail to comply 
with relevant laws and regulations, policies and procedures, misappropriation or intentional or unintentional 
inappropriate disclosure or misuse of personal information or other confidential information could occur. Such 
control inadequacies or non-compliance could cause disrupted operations and misstated or unreliable financial 
data, materially damage Aegon’s reputation or lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or civil or criminal 
penalties or (class action) litigation, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, Aegon analyses personal information and customer data to better manage its business, subject to 
applicable laws and regulations and other restrictions. It is possible that additional regulatory or other 
restrictions regarding the use of such information may be imposed. Additional privacy and information security 
obligations have been imposed by various governments with jurisdiction over Aegon or its subsidiaries in 
recent years, and more similar obligations are likely to be imposed in the near future across Aegon's operations.

--- Page 21 ---
21
Such restrictions and obligations could have material impacts on Aegon’s business, financial conditions and 
results of operations. 
Inaccuracies in econometric, financial, or actuarial models, or differing interpretations of underlying 
methodologies, assumptions and estimates, could have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition.
Aegon uses econometric, financial, and actuarial models to measure and manage multiple types of risk, to price 
products and to establish and assess key valuations and report financial results. All these functions are critical 
to Aegon’s operations. Aegon has a model risk management framework in place to manage modelling risk. If, 
despite this framework, models, their underlying methodologies, assumptions and estimates, or their 
implementation and monitoring prove to be inaccurate, this could have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition.
Many of Aegon’s business units offer investment products that utilise quantitative models, algorithms or 
calculations that could experience errors or prove to be incorrect, incomplete or unsuccessful, resulting in 
losses for clients who have invested in such products and possible regulatory actions and/or litigation 
against Aegon and/or its affiliates.
Aegon’s business units may utilise quantitative models, algorithms or calculations (whether proprietary or 
supplied by third parties) (Models) or information, or data supplied by third parties (Data) for the management 
of, or to assist in the management of, investment products offered to clients. Examples of such investment 
products include volatility-controlled funds, mutual funds, separately managed accounts, and other types of 
advisory accounts. Models and Data are used to construct sets of transactions and investments, to provide risk 
management insights, and may be used to assist in hedging investments. If Models and Data prove to be 
incorrect or incomplete, any decisions made, in whole or part, in reliance thereon expose the investment 
product to additional risks. For example, by utilising Models or Data, certain investments may be bought at 
prices that are too high, certain other investments may be sold at prices that are too low, or favorable 
opportunities may be missed altogether. Similarly, any hedging based on faulty Models and Data may prove 
to be unsuccessful. The applicable investment product bears the risk that Models or Data used will not be 
successful and the product may not achieve its investment objective.
Models can be predictive in nature. The use of predictive Models has inherent risks. For example, such Models 
may incorrectly forecast future behavior, leading to potential losses on a cash flow and/or a mark-to-market 
basis. In addition, in unforeseen or certain low-probability scenarios (often involving a market disruption of 
some kind), such Models may produce unexpected results, which can result in losses for an investment 
product. Furthermore, the success of relying on or otherwise using Models depends on a number of factors, 
including the validity, accuracy and completeness of the Model’s development, implementation and 
maintenance, the Model’s assumptions, factors, algorithms and methodologies, and the accuracy and reliability 
of the supplied historical or other Data. 
Models rely on, among other things, correct and complete Data inputs. If incorrect Data is entered into even a 
well-founded Model, the resulting information will be incorrect. However, even if Data is input correctly, 
Model prices may differ substantially from market prices, especially for securities with complex 
characteristics. Investments selected with the use of Models may perform differently than expected as a result 
of the design of the Model, inputs into the Model or other factors. 
Additionally, if investment products offered by Aegon’s affiliates experience Model errors or use erroneous 
Data, this could result in regulatory actions and/or litigation brought against Aegon and/or its affiliates.
Issues with third party providers (outsourcing partners and suppliers), including events such as bankruptcy, 
disruption of services, or standards of service level agreements not upheld may adversely impact Aegon’s 
operational effectiveness and financial condition.
As Aegon continues to focus on reducing expenses necessary to support its business, a key part of its operating 
strategy has been to outsource certain services that are important to its business. Aegon outsources certain 
information technology, finance and actuarial services, investment management services and policy 
administration operations to third party providers and may do so increasingly in the future. If Aegon fails to 
maintain an effective outsourcing strategy or if third party providers do not provide the core administrative, 
operational, financial, and actuarial services Aegon requires and anticipates, or perform as contracted, such as

--- Page 22 ---
22
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or suffer an information security or data privacy breach, 
Aegon may not realise the desired productivity improvements or cost efficiencies or customers might 
experience lower service levels. In addition, Aegon may not be able to find an adequate alternative provider, 
and instead experience financial loss, reputational harm, operational difficulties, increased costs, a loss of 
business and other negative consequences, all of which could have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s 
financial condition. In addition, Aegon’s reliance on third party providers does not relieve Aegon of its 
responsibilities and requirements. Any failure or negligence by such third-party providers in carrying out their 
contractual duties may result in Aegon being subjected to liability and litigation. Any litigation relating to such 
matters could be costly and time-consuming, and the outcome would be uncertain. Moreover, any adverse 
publicity arising from such litigation, even if the litigation is not successful, could adversely affect Aegon’s 
reputation and distribution of its products. Finally, Aegon’s ability to receive services from third party 
providers based in different countries might be impacted by political instability, cultural differences, regulatory 
requirements or policies inside or outside of the countries within which Aegon has operations. As a result, 
Aegon’s ability to conduct its business might be adversely affected.
Aegon may be unable to attract and retain personnel who are key to the business.
As a global financial services enterprise, Aegon relies, to a considerable extent, on the quality of local 
management and personnel in the various countries in which Aegon operates. The success of Aegon’s 
operations is dependent, among other things, on Aegon’s ability to attract and retain highly qualified 
professional personnel. The right talent for critical positions and availability of required capabilities determines 
Aegon’s ability to deliver on its strategic objectives. Competition for key personnel in most countries in which 
Aegon operates is intense. Aegon competes for talent in areas such as digital, information technology, with 
companies in the consumer products, technology, financial sectors. Aegon’s success attracting and retaining 
key personnel is very much dependent on the competitiveness of the compensation and benefits package and 
flexibility for employees in the market in which it competes and the work environment it offers. 
As a part of the governmental response in Europe and, to a certain extent, the United States to the financial 
crisis in 2008, there have been various legislative initiatives that have sought to give guidance or regulate the 
structure of remuneration for personnel, in particular senior management, with a focus on performance-related 
remuneration and limiting severance payments. With differences in interpretation of these regulations by local 
regulators on how the guidelines need to be applied these restrictions create an uncertain playing field and may 
adversely affect Aegon’s ability to compete for qualified employees, as well as Aegon’s ability to transfer 
employees between regions.
D. 
Political, Regulatory and Supervisory
Aegon may be required to increase its technical provisions and/or hold higher amounts of regulatory capital 
as a result of changes in the regulatory environment or changes in rating agency analysis, which may 
impact Aegon’s financial condition and/or decrease Aegon’s returns on its products.
Prudential regulatory requirements such as with respect to the calculation of technical provisions, capital 
requirements, the eligibility of own funds and the regulatory treatment of investments may change, which 
could require Aegon to increase technical provisions, hold higher amounts of regulatory capital and subject it 
to more stringent requirements with respect to investments and/or own funds. Important examples include 
changes to applicable capital requirements by the European Union and/or the interpretation thereof by the 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA), the National Association of Insurance 
Commissioners (NAIC) in the US or US state regulators or local regulators in jurisdictions in which Aegon 
operates. Aegon cannot predict specific proposals that might be adopted, or what impact, if any, such proposals 
or, if enacted, such laws may have on its businesses, results of operations, or financial condition.
Prudential regulatory requirements may not only apply to the individual entities in the Aegon Group but may 
additionally apply at Group level or apply to part of the Group. Consequently, those requirements may have 
different, and more or less impact depending on their scope. Important examples of such requirements are 
Solvency II group supervision and consolidated requirements resulting from the Capital Requirements 
Directive (CRD) and the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), as applied to groups containing bank and/or 
asset management activities.
The way such requirements are applied to groups like Aegon has an impact on the Group’s capital position, as 
well as on the availability of capital at a Group level. Changes to prudential regulatory requirements may have

--- Page 23 ---
23
an impact on Aegon’s competitive position versus companies that are not subject to these or similar 
requirements at Group level. As an example, as part of the Solvency II group calculation, Aegon applies a 
specific methodology for its US insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries at Group level, in addition to the 
requirements to which these subsidiaries are subject under their local prudential regime. This methodology is 
approved by Aegon’s group supervisor, De Nederlandsche Bank N.V. (DNB), but remains subject to periodic 
review. Changes to this methodology might have an impact on Aegon’s capital position, as calculated under 
Solvency II group requirements and/or the manner in which DNB otherwise exercises group supervision on 
Aegon, for example through more stringent requirements with respect to intra-group transactions, risk 
concentrations and reporting.
There are several important regulatory standards with respect to capital adequacy that apply to Aegon and are 
subject to change, which changes could impact Aegon’s financial condition and results: 

The European Commission has recently published a formal legislative proposal for amendments to the 
Solvency II Directive following an extensive technical advice by EIOPA to the European Commission. 
Proposals to amend the Solvency II Delegated Regulation, amend existing or introduce additional technical 
standards and/or EIOPA guidelines may follow in a later stage. The impact on Aegon’s financial position 
and results depends on the final form of the requirements, standards and guidelines;

Following the end of the Brexit transition period on 31 December 2020, UK insurers are no longer directly 
subject to regulation under the EU’s Solvency II. The UK government launched a review into the European 
Union’s Solvency II framework in October 2020 which has resulted in divergence between the UK and 
EU regulatory regimes in 2021. Increasing divergence cannot be ruled out going forward which could 
further impact the UK capital ratio;

In the US, the NAIC periodically updates various prudential requirements. The NAIC is currently updating 
the risk-based capital (RBC) charges for mortality risk and is embarking on a project to reconsider the 
RBC treatment of structured investments. These initiatives or other regulatory changes to capital factors 
may lead to higher risk-based capital requirements. In addition, the NAIC has constructed a US group 
capital calculation (GCC) using an RBC aggregation approach that would be used by regulators as a 
monitoring tool. The results of the GCC could impact the translation of RBC in the Group capital ratio for 
the United States; and

Aegon utilises affiliated captive insurance companies to manage risks of various insurance policies issued 
before the adoption of principle-based reserves, including universal life with secondary guarantees and 
level term life insurance. These structures have been utilised to finance regulatory reserves. To the extent 
that state insurance regulations restrict or require insurers to restate the valuation of the assets used to 
finance these structures, this could increase costs or reduce available capital.
In addition to requirements imposed by regulatory and/or supervisory authorities, rating agencies may 
incorporate higher capital thresholds into their quantitative analyses, thus requiring additional capital for 
Aegon Group and/or its regulated subsidiaries to maintain their desired credit ratings.
The application of these capital standards and changes thereto could adversely affect Aegon’s ability to 
compete with other insurers that are not subject to those capital requirements. These requirements may also 
lead Aegon to engage in transactions that affect capital and constrain Aegon’s ability to pay dividends or 
repurchase its own shares. Furthermore, such requirements may constrain Aegon’s ability to provide 
guarantees and may increase the cost to Aegon of offering certain products, resulting in price increases, 
discontinuance of offering of certain products or reducing the amount of risk Aegon takes on. Aegon may 
consider structural and other business alternatives in light of requirements or standards applicable with respect 
to systemic entities or activities, of which the impact on shareholders cannot be predicted. For further detail 
on developments in these areas, reference is made to the section ‘Regulation and supervision’ of Aegon’s 
Integrated Annual Report 2021.
Political or other instability in a country or geographic region, could adversely affect Aegon’s international 
business activities and its financial condition.Political developments such as, foreign investment restrictions, 
civil unrest, geopolitical tensions, or military action, and new or evolving legal and regulatory requirements 
on business investment, hiring, migration, and global supply chains could have an adverse effect on our 
businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Such developments can negatively impact 
demand for our products and services and result in disruption to our business operations in countries

--- Page 24 ---
24
experiencing geopolitical tensions as well as increased costs associated with meeting customer needs in such 
regions, and impediments to our ability to execute strategic transactions.
Changes in accounting standards may affect Aegon's reported results of operations and shareholders' 
equity.
Aegon’s financial statements are prepared and presented in accordance with EU-IFRS. Any future changes in 
these accounting standards may have a significant impact on Aegon’s reported results of operations, financial 
condition, shareholders’ equity and dividend. This includes the level and volatility of reported results of 
operations and shareholders’ equity. New accounting standards that are likely to have a significant impact on 
Aegon’s reported results, financial condition and shareholders’ equity include, but are not limited to, IFRS 9 
– Financial Instruments and IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts. 
The IASB issued the complete version of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments in July 2014, which was endorsed by 
the European Union in November 2016. The IASB issued IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts in May 2017 and 
issued amendments to the standard in June 2020. Both IFRS 9 and IFRS 17 were endorsed by the European 
Union, except that the endorsement of IFRS 17 included an optional carve-out regarding the grouping of 
policies for certain contracts. For Aegon, both standards will apply across the group for reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
An implementation project was started soon after the publication of the new accounting standards. It is 
expected that the impact of the initial application on Aegon’s financial statements will be significant.
Local statutes, regulators, and decisions of supervisory and other authorities may limit the ability of Aegon’s 
subsidiaries to pay dividends to Aegon N.V., thereby limiting Aegon’s ability to make payments on debt 
obligations and operating expenses.
Aegon’s ability to make payments on debt obligations and pay operating expenses is dependent upon the 
receipt of dividends from subsidiaries, in particular, but not limited to, the operating companies in the US, the 
Netherlands, and the UK. Most of these subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions that can limit the 
payment of dividends. In addition, local regulators in the countries where Aegon operates, supervisory and 
other authorities (such as EIOPA or the European Systemic Risk Board) may decide to impose or advise on 
further restrictions to dividend payments, or discourage such payments, specifically in exceptional and 
unpredictable economic circumstances. This may affect Aegon’s ability to satisfy its debt obligations or pay 
its operating expenses. 
Risks of application of intervention measures may adversely affect Aegon’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition.
The Dutch Act on Recovery & Resolution for Insurers (R&R Act) allows DNB to intervene in situations where 
a Dutch insurer or reinsurer is faced with financial difficulties. The powers under the R&R Act may also extend 
to the level of the Group and to entities, in addition to insurance or reinsurance entities in the Netherlands, 
which are part of the Group, such as Aegon N.V.
In addition, the R&R Act allows DNB to require a Dutch insurance or reinsurance company or a group to 
remove, ex ante, material impediments to effective resolution of a Dutch insurance or reinsurance undertaking 
(such as the revision of financing arrangements, the reduction of exposures, the transfer of assets, the 
termination or limitation of business activities, or the prohibition on starting certain business activities, 
changing the legal or operational structure of the Group, or securing certain critical business lines). The use of 
this tool may adversely affect Aegon’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
In September 2021, the European Commission published a formal proposal for a European Insurance Recovery 
& Resolution Directive, which will introduce minimum standards at European level for recovery & resolution 
frameworks in EU member states, such as the Dutch R&R Act. This might lead to the introduction of 
intervention tools, largely similar to those included in the R&R Act, in other EU member states in which 
Aegon’s subsidiaries are active.
Furthermore, to parts of the Aegon Group, in particular Aegon Bank N.V., the framework of the EU Directive 
on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive) is applicable. The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive contains provisions that where both 
Aegon Bank N.V. and Aegon N.V. fail or are likely to fail, could be applied to mixed financial holding 
companies such as Aegon N.V., including the right of bail-in of creditors.

--- Page 25 ---
25
Lastly, when the stability of the financial system is threatened by the condition of a financial institution the 
Dutch Minister of Finance may intervene immediately, in which case legal or statutory provisions, applicable 
to the financial institution, might be superseded. The intervention measures available to the Minister of Finance 
include, in particular, the right to expropriate assets of the financial institution, as well as securities and/or 
other financial instruments issued by or with the cooperation of the financial institution. The exercise of this 
power may significantly impact the rights of the owners or holders of these assets, securities and/or financial 
instruments.
There is a risk that the possible exercise of powers, or any anticipated exercise of powers, by DNB or the 
Ministry of Finance could have a material adverse effect on the performance by the failing institution, including 
Aegon, of its obligations (of payment or otherwise) under contracts of any form, including the expropriation, 
write-off, write-down or conversion of securities such as shares and debt obligations issued by the failing 
institution. The R&R Act and the regime of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive are described in the 
section ‘Regulation and supervision’ of Aegon’s Integrated Annual Report 2021.
E. 
Legal and Compliance
The outcome of legal and arbitration proceedings and regulatory investigations and actions may adversely 
affect Aegon’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
Aegon faces significant risks of litigation as well as regulatory exams and investigations and actions relating 
to its and its subsidiaries' businesses. Aegon is also subject to compliance with regulations applicable to it as 
a corporate entity.
Insurance companies and their affiliated regulated entities are routinely the subject of litigation, investigation 
and regulatory activity by various governmental and enforcement authorities, individual claimants, and 
policyholder advocate groups in the jurisdictions in which Aegon does business, including the United States, 
the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. These actions may involve issues including, but not limited to, 
employment or distribution relationships; operational and internal controls and processes; investment returns; 
sales practices; claims payments and practices; transparency and adequacy of product disclosures including 
regarding initial costs, ongoing costs, and costs due on policy surrender as well as changes to costs over time; 
environmental and climate change related matters; competition and antitrust matters; data privacy; information 
security; and intellectual property.
Aegon entities are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including EU, US and UK laws and 
regulations and these require Aegon to develop and implement customer identification and risk-based anti-
money laundering programs, report suspicious activity, and maintain certain records. Further, Aegon entities 
are required to adhere to certain economic and trade sanctions programs, including EU, US, UK and UN 
programs, that prohibit or restrict transactions with suspected persons, governments, and in certain 
circumstances, geographies. Changes in, or violations of, any of these laws or regulations may require 
additional compliance procedures, or result in enforcement proceedings, sanctions or penalties, which could 
have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, financial condition and result of operations.
Aegon entities are subject to anti-bribery legislation in the EU, the US and the UK and other jurisdictions. Any 
violations of these or other anti-bribery laws by Aegon, its employees, subsidiaries or local agents, could have 
a material adverse effect on its businesses and reputation and result in substantial financial penalties or other 
sanctions.
Government and regulatory investigations may result in the institution of administrative, injunctive, or other 
proceedings and/or the imposition of monetary fines, penalties and/or disgorgement as well as other remedies, 
sanctions, damages and restitutionary amounts. Regulators may also seek changes to the way Aegon operates. 
In some cases, Aegon subsidiaries have modified business practices in response to inquiries.
Customers of certain of Aegon’s products bear significant investment risks with respect to those products 
which are affected by fluctuations in equity markets as well as interest rate movements. When investment 
returns disappoint, are volatile, or change due to changes in the market or other relevant conditions, customers 
may threaten or bring litigation against Aegon.
The existence of potential claims may remain unknown for long periods of time after the events giving rise to 
such claims. Determining the likelihood of exposure to Aegon and the extent of any such exposure may not be 
possible for long periods of time after Aegon becomes aware of such potential claims. Litigation exposure as

--- Page 26 ---
26
well may develop over long periods of time; once litigation is initiated, it may be protracted and subject to 
multiple levels of appeal, which can lead to significant costs of defense, distraction, and other constraints.
In some jurisdictions, plaintiffs may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts under enhanced 
liability legal theories or claims of bad faith, which can result in tort, punitive and/or statutory damages. 
Damages alleged may not be quantifiable or supportable or may have no relationship to economic losses or 
final awards. As a result, Aegon cannot predict the effect of litigation, investigations or other actions on its 
business.
Separate from financial loss, litigation, regulatory action, legislative changes or changes in public opinion may 
require Aegon to change its business practices, which could have a material adverse impact on Aegon’s 
businesses, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Disputes and investigations initiated by 
governmental entities and private parties may lead to orders or settlements, including payments or changes to 
business practices, even if Aegon believes the underlying claims are without merit.
Several US insurers, including Aegon subsidiaries, have been named in class actions as well as individual 
litigations relating to increases in monthly deduction rates (MDR) on universal life products. Plaintiffs 
generally allege that the increases were made to recoup past losses rather than to cover the future costs of 
providing insurance coverage. Aegon's subsidiary in the US has settled two such class actions in the US District 
Court for the Central District of California. The settlement in the first of these cases, approved in January 2019, 
arose from increases implemented in 2015 and 2016. Over 99 per cent. of affected policyholders participated 
in that settlement. While less than 1 per cent.  of policyholders opted out of the settlement, they represented 
approximately 43 per cent. of the value of the settlement fund. In the second case, Aegon’s subsidiary agreed 
to settle a class action lawsuit arising out of MDR increases in 2017 and 2018. The court approved that 
settlement on September 16, 2020. Opt-outs in this case represent less than 7 per cent.  of the value of the 
settlement fund. The settlement fund was reduced proportionally for opt outs. In 2021, settlements were 
reached with some of the opt-out parties from both settled class actions. The remaining opt-out cases and 
disputes are ongoing, and Aegon continues to hold a provision for the remaining opt-outs from the settlements 
that were approved by the court in 2019 and 2020. If this provision for these cases proves to be insufficient, 
then these cases could have an adverse effect on Aegon's business, results of operations, and financial 
condition.
In addition, insurance companies and their affiliated regulated entities may face lawsuits that threaten their 
business models. For example, several US-based Aegon subsidiaries are defendants in a class action alleging 
that the business model improperly characterizes distributors as independent contractors instead of employees. 
Depending on the outcome, this lawsuit, along with similar claims against Transamerica subsidiaries and other 
companies, as well as regulatory action, could necessitate a change in the business model and/or could result 
in a significant settlement or judgment.
In the Netherlands, unit linked products (beleggingsverzekeringen) have been controversial and the target of 
litigation since 2005. Allegations include excessive cost, unfair terms, inadequate disclosure, and failure to 
perform as illustrated. Consumer groups have formed to address these issues and initiate mass claims against 
insurers. Regulators as well as the Dutch Parliament have been involved ever since, with the principal goal of 
achieving an equitable resolution. Aegon has made improvements across its product lines, including after 
settlements reached in 2009 with Stichting Woekerpolis and Stichting Verliespolis. Aegon also decided to 
reduce future policy costs for the large majority of its unit-linked portfolio. Some of the unit linked products 
are still involved in ongoing litigation. In September 2014, the consumer interest group Vereniging 
Woekerpolis.nl filed a claim against Aegon in court. The claim related to a range of unit linked products that 
Aegon sold in the past, including Aegon products involved in the earlier litigation. In June 2017 (and revised 
in December 2017), the court issued a verdict which upheld the principle that disclosures must be evaluated 
according to the standards at the time when the relevant products were placed in-force. Most of the claims of 
Vereniging Woekerpolis.nl were dismissed under this standard, although the court found that Aegon did not 
adequately disclose certain charges on a limited set of policies. The district court did not decide on the 
reasonableness of the cost levels and whether the previous compensation arrangements provide sufficient 
compensation. This court decision has been appealed by both parties. The Dutch Court of Appeal has stayed 
the class action proceedings during the preliminary proceedings at the Dutch Supreme Court in another class 
action of Vereniging Woekerpolis.nl against another insurance company. On 11 February 2022, the Dutch 
Supreme Court ruled in these preliminary proceedings. The answers to the preliminary questions regarding

--- Page 27 ---
27
transparency and consent about costs and cost levels are a re-confirmation of the EU Court ruling in a previous 
case against another Dutch insurance company. The legal debate will now continue at the level of the Dutch 
Court of Appeal, Aegon expects the uncertainty about the possible impact to continue for the foreseeable 
future. Aegon expects the claims and litigation, whether collective or on an individual basis and in court or 
through alternative dispute resolution mechanisms, on unit linked products to continue for the foreseeable 
future. Developments in similar cases against other Dutch insurers currently before regulators and courts may 
also affect Aegon.
Lawsuits have also been brought against providers of securities leasing products (aandelenlease producten). 
Although sales of securities leasing products ended more than a decade ago, litigation relating to these products 
has resurfaced. 
In December 2020, Aegon reached an agreement on a settlement with Leaseproces B.V. for claims regarding 
Vliegwiel and Sprintplan customers represented by Leaseproces. Execution of the settlement is expected to be 
finalised in 2022. There are still individual claims pending.
There can be no assurances that these matters will not ultimately result in a material adverse effect on Aegon’s 
business, results of operations, competitive position, reputation, and financial condition. For additional 
information on proceedings in which Aegon is involved, reference is made to the notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, note 45 ‘Commitments and contingencies’ of Aegon’s Integrated Annual Report 2021.
Changes in government regulations in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates may affect profitability 
and operating models.
Aegon’s regulated businesses, such as insurance, banking, and asset management, are subject to 
comprehensive regulation and supervision. The primary purpose of such regulation is to protect clients of these 
operating companies (e.g. policyholders), rather than holders of Aegon shares, capital securities and debt 
instruments. Changes in existing laws and regulations may affect the way in which Aegon conducts its 
businesses, including its relationship with distributors of its products and other third parties and the structure 
of its relationship with employees. These changes may evolve over time and be open to interpretation through 
judicial and enforcement action. Such changes may also affect the profitability of its businesses and the 
products it offers. Additionally, the laws or regulations adopted or amended from time to time may impose 
greater restrictions on Aegon’s financial flexibility and operations or may result in higher costs to operate than 
currently is the case, including but not limited to financial and accounting requirements; information security, 
data privacy, transfer, storage, and usage requirements; modeling and other actuarial requirements and 
standards; investments, reserves, and financial management.
Aegon may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain appropriate exemptions from, the wide variety of laws 
and regulations applicable to its businesses and legal entities. Failure to comply with or to obtain appropriate 
exemptions under any applicable laws and regulations may result in restrictions on Aegon’s ability to do 
business in one or more of the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates and may result in fines and other 
sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, financial condition or results of 
operations.
Certain key regulatory proposals that could materially impact Aegon’s financial condition and results of 
operations include the European Commission’s proposal for amendments to the Solvency II framework, 
following the Solvency II 2020 review and the European Commission’s proposal for an Insurance Recovery 
& Resolution Directive. Both proposals serve (inter alia) as the implementation of the IAIS Holistic 
Framework for Systemic Risk in the Insurance Sector in the European Union and to some extent the IAIS 
Common Framework for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups (ComFrame).
Regulatory changes include preventive and corrective supervisory measures that aim to address macro-
prudential concerns, referred to in the Holistic Framework for Systemic Risk in the Insurance Sector, as 
adopted by the IAIS in November 2019 and recently in the European Commission’s proposal to amend the 
Solvency II Directive in the context of the Solvency II 2020 review, which includes macro-prudential tools, as 
well as in the European Commissions’ proposal for an Insurance Recovery & Resolution Directive. 
In addition, regulatory changes may include measures that are addressed specifically to certain types of insurers 
or groups, in particular larger and internationally active groups. ComFrame, which was adopted in November 
2019 by the IAIS, establishes minimum supervisory standards and guidance on the effective group-wide

--- Page 28 ---
28
supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (IAIGs) and builds on the IAIS Insurance Core 
Principles (a set of principles that is applicable to all insurers). Therefore, IAIGs may be subject to additional 
standards that other insurers or other insurance groups are not subject to. In Europe, such additional standards 
would be introduced through the Solvency II framework.
Aegon was designated a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII) by the FSB in 2015. The FSB, in 
consultation with the IAIS, has decided to suspend G-SII identification as from the beginning of 2020 and in 
November 2022 will, based on the initial years of implementation of the holistic framework, review the need 
either to discontinue or re-establish an annual identification of G-SIIs. On 12 May 2020, DNB announced, in 
line with expectations due to Aegon's former designation as a G-SII, that it has identified Aegon as one of the 
two IAIGs in the Netherlands, based on the size and international activities of the Aegon Group. Although 
generally large insurance groups are subject to a high level of supervisory scrutiny by DNB, thus far no 
requirements have been introduced in the Netherlands or by DNB that have specifically been targeted at IAIGs. 
The implementation of ComFrame and the holistic framework, as well as other requirements aimed to address 
macro-prudential or concerns or concerns related to its capacity as internationally active group, may cause 
Aegon to engage in transactions that affect capital or constrain Aegon’s ability to pay dividends or repurchase 
its own shares. Furthermore, such requirements may constrain Aegon’s ability to provide guarantees and 
increase the cost to Aegon of offering certain products resulting in price increases, leading to the 
discontinuance of offering of certain products or reducing the amount of risk Aegon takes on. Aegon may 
consider structural and other business alternatives in light of requirements or standards applicable with respect 
to systemic entities or activities, of which the impact on shareholders cannot be predicted.
As referred to above, the Solvency II 2020 review covers a broad range of topics of the Solvency II framework. 
Aegon, at Group level is, and Aegon’s EU insurance subsidiaries are, subject to the Solvency II framework. If 
the European Commission’s Directive proposal is taken over by the European co-legislators without material 
changes, and depending on the scope of further amendments to the Solvency II Delegated Regulation, the 
related technical standards and EIOPA guidelines (that might be necessary as a consequence of changes to the 
Solvency II Directive), the amendments to the Solvency II framework may have a significant impact on the 
activities, profitability and financial condition of Aegon and Aegon’s subsidiaries in the European Union.
In the United States, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) adopted in 2010 has been 
challenged in whole or in part since its adoption. Changes to the PPACA and to other laws and regulations 
impacting the US health insurance industry could have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s financial 
condition, results of operations, and competitive position. The extent to which employers or individuals may 
discontinue their purchase of supplemental health insurance products as a result of any such changes may 
significantly impact Transamerica's supplemental health insurance products business. The extent of any such 
changes or the corresponding impact on Transamerica's supplemental health insurance business cannot be 
determined at this time.
On 5 June 2019, the SEC adopted Regulation Best Interest (Regulation BI), a new rule requiring broker-dealers 
and investment advisers to recommend only those financial products to their customers that are in their 
customers' best interest, and to clearly identify any potential conflicts of interest and financial incentives the 
broker-dealer may have in connection with the sale of such products. In addition, since the Department of 
Labor (DOL) Fiduciary Rule was vacated in July 2018, several states have moved forward with developing 
their own similar rules and proposals, which in some instances substantially broaden the standard of care 
traditionally owed by broker-dealers and/or insurance agents to their clients. The Biden Administration and 
the DOL have indicated an interest in revisiting fiduciary-related issues but have not yet made any proposals. 
The foregoing regulations and proposed regulations, along with any future regulations by the federal 
government and/or states that impose new, heightened, conflicting or differing standards of care or restrictions 
on broker-dealers, insurance agents, or advisers, could have a material impact on annuity sales and, as 
applicable, life insurance sales.
Changes in pension and employee benefit regulation, social security regulation, financial services regulation, 
taxation and the regulation of securities products and transactions may adversely affect Aegon’s ability to sell 
new policies or claims exposure on existing policies. If this risk materialises, it could have an adverse effect 
on Aegon’s business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operation.

--- Page 29 ---
29
The introduction of state-run retirement programs for private-sector employees in the United States could 
directly compete with private-market retirement plans. More than 30 US states have considered legislation that 
would establish state-run plans but fewer than 10 states have enacted legislation, and among those, even fewer 
have implemented them. Federal ERISA law raises questions as to whether such plans are pre-empted by 
ERISA.
In general, changes in laws and regulations may materially increase Aegon’s direct and indirect compliance 
costs and other ongoing business expenses and have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, results 
of operations or financial condition.
Aegon may not be able to meet evolving ESG standards and requirements, or may fail to meet its 
sustainability and ESG-related goals and targets.
Increasingly, companies, including insurance companies, asset managers and banks are expected and/or 
required to disclose the extent to which their activities and products, including their investments and the 
activities of the companies they invest in, meet ESG standards. These requirements and standards are 
continuously and rapidly evolving and have not yet crystalised. While Aegon strives to meet applicable ESG 
standards to the best of its abilities, it may not be successful in doing so, due to the dynamic nature and 
evolution of these standards and might not be able to anticipate in all respects the further evolution of such 
standards. This may have an impact on its reputation, products and sales, as well as on its activities and 
investments, including long term investments. Aegon may face additional costs in the event our efforts do not 
meet expectations. In addition, as part of our corporate responsibility, Aegon has adopted sustainability and 
ESG-related goals and targets, as set out on page 34 of Aegon’s Integrated Annual Report 2021. 
If Aegon cannot meet these goals fully or on time, the Company may face reputational damage, litigation or 
unexpected costs.
Tax risks may have a material adverse effect on Aegon's businesses, profits, capital position, and financial 
condition.
Aegon is subject to the substance and interpretation of tax laws in all countries in which Aegon operates or 
invests. The majority of tax risks relate to both Aegon's products and its businesses, that would materialise due 
to (i) changes in tax laws, (ii) changes in interpretation of tax laws, (iii) later jurisprudence or case law, or (iv) 
the introduction of new taxes or tax laws. These tax risks include for example the risk of changes in tax rates, 
changes in loss carry-over rules and changes in customer taxation rules.
Tax risks also include the risk of consequences arising from failure to comply with procedures required by tax 
authorities. Failure to manage tax compliance risks could potentially leads to inaccurate, incomplete, or 
untimely tax returns. Materialisation of those risks would lead to non-compliance, and potentially increased 
tax charges, penalties, and interest. Failure to manage reporting risks may lead to tax positions in financial 
reporting that do not represent a true and fair view.
Most of Aegon’s insurance products enjoy certain policyholder tax advantages. This permits, for example, the 
build-up of earnings on gross premium amounts with deferred taxation, if any, when the accumulated earnings 
are actually paid to our customers. Legislators have, from time to time, considered legislation that may make 
Aegon’s products less attractive to consumers, including legislation that would reduce or eliminate this deferral 
of taxation. This may have an impact on insurance products and sales.
Overall, tax risks may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, profits, capital position, and 
financial condition.
Judgments of US courts may not be enforceable against Aegon in Dutch courts.
There is no treaty between the United States and the Netherlands providing for the reciprocal recognition and 
enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters. Judgments of US 
courts, including those predicated on the civil liability provisions of the US federal securities laws, may not be 
enforceable in Dutch courts. Therefore, Aegon’s investors that obtain a judgment against Aegon in the United 
States may not be able to require Aegon to pay the amount of the judgment unless a competent court in the 
Netherlands gives binding effect to the judgment, or, if possible, the US investor has brought a successful 
original action in a Dutch court. Therefore, investors are required to undertake more action in order to enforce 
a US court judgment than in relation to any US counterparty.

--- Page 30 ---
30
Aegon may not manage risks associated with the reform and replacement of benchmark rates effectively.
Aegon recognizes that the reform of Interbank Offered Rates (IBORs) and any transition to replacement rates 
entail risks for all our businesses across our assets and liabilities. These risks include, but are not limited to:

Financial risks, arising from any changes in the valuation of financial instruments linked to benchmark 
rates, such as derivatives and floating rate notes, issued by, or invested in by Aegon;

Pricing risks, as changes to benchmark indices could impact pricing mechanisms on some funding 
instruments or investments;

Operational risks, due to the potential requirement to adapt informational technology systems, trade 
reporting infrastructure and operational processes; and

Conduct risks, relating to communication regarding potential impact on Aegon’s customers, and 
engagement during the transition period.
Various supranational institutions, central banks, regulators, benchmark administrators and industry working 
groups play a role in the benchmark reform and the preparation for the replacement of IBORs. Although a lot 
of work has been done, there is still significant uncertainty around liquidity development, and mechanisms for 
implementation, including the change of methods of calculating LIBOR from its original form, application of 
spread adjustments to the alternative reference rates. Accordingly, it is not currently possible to determine 
whether, or to what extent, any such changes would affect Aegon. However, the implementation of alternative 
reference rates may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s business, financial condition, customers, and 
operations.
Aegon may not be able to protect its intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims.
Aegon relies on a combination of contractual rights with third parties and copyright, trademark, patent, and 
trade secret laws to establish and protect Aegon’s intellectual property. Third parties may infringe on or 
misappropriate Aegon’s intellectual property, and it is possible that third parties may claim that Aegon has 
infringed on or misappropriated their intellectual property rights. Any resulting proceedings in which Aegon 
would have to enforce and protect its intellectual property or defend itself against a claim of infringement of a 
third party's intellectual property, may require significant effort and resources and may not prove successful. 
As a result of any proceeding in which Aegon would have to enforce and protect its intellectual property, 
Aegon may lose intellectual property protection, which may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s 
businesses, results of operations, financial condition and Aegon’s ability to compete and pursue future business 
opportunities. As a result of any proceeding in which Aegon would have to defend itself against a claim of 
infringement of a third-party's intellectual property, Aegon may be required to pay damages and provide 
injunctive relief, which may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES
A. 
Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes
If the Issuers have the right to redeem any Notes at their option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return.
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when an Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
An Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.

--- Page 31 ---
31
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of such Notes as the 
change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Holders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the relevant Notes. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes.
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect interest 
payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed Reset Notes. 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent 
Reset Rate). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Interest Rate or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed 
Reset Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates.
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks may affect the value or 
payment of interest under the Notes.
(a)
Benchmark reform
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR)) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective, including the EU Benchmarks Regulation whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation new requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range 
of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the European Union. In particular, the EU Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of

--- Page 32 ---
32
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fall-back provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.
(b)
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event
Investors should be aware that, pending finalisation of the benchmark reforms described above, if EURIBOR 
were (permanently) unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR or any 
other interest rate benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions set out in 
Condition 5(B)(ii) applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the EURIBOR or any other 
interest rate benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the 
EURIBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when EURIBOR or any other interest rate benchmark was available. Pursuant 
to the fall-back provisions applicable to Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer will have the discretion to determine 
whether a successor interest rate for EURIBOR or any other interest rate benchmark is available which will 
determine the way in which the interest rate is set, which may lead to a conflict between the interests of the 
Issuer and the Holders. Certain fall-back provisions are also applicable to Fixed Reset Notes, which may result 
in Mid-Swap Rate Quotations being obtained in order to determine the relevant reset rate or certain amendment 
being made to the terms of Fixed Reset Notes. The fall-back provisions for both ISDA Determination and 
Screen Rate Determination in this respect could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other interest rate benchmark.
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on the Notes, as the Original Reference Rate may be deemed to be a "benchmark", in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Pursuant to the fall-back 
provisions applicable to the Notes, an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 5(B)(iii) shall determine whether an Alternative Benchmark Rate is available which will determine 
the way in which the interest rate is set. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Fiscal Agent or the Independent Adviser where appointed but unable to determine 
whether a Benchmark Rate is available and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine which rate (if any) has replaced the Original Reference Rate, or, if it determines that there is no such 
rate, which rate (if any) is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer. However, if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Screen Page prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period as set out above, the Original Reference Rate applicable to such Interest 
Period shall be equal to (i) in respect of the Reset Period commencing on the First Reset Date and, for as long 
as no Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Screen Page has been determined in accordance with 
Condition 5B(iii), each subsequent Reset Period, the Original Reference Rate as determined on the pricing 
date of the Notes and (ii) in respect of any other Interest Period, the Original Reference Rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. As a result, the interest rate shall effectively become a fixed rate until 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined. These arrangements may lead to a conflict between the interests 
of the Issuer (being responsible for the compensation of the Independent Adviser), the Independent Adviser 
and the Holders of the Notes as the Independent Adviser has discretionary power in deciding the applicability 
of a benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a benchmark. Potential investors should be aware that 
the Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific transactions with the Independent

--- Page 33 ---
33
Adviser as the latter party will be an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial advisor with appropriate expertise who may hold from time to time debt securities, shares or/and 
other financial instruments of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer and the Independent Adviser might have 
conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Holders of Notes in respect of the 
determination of the interest rate as a result of a benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a benchmark.
Furthermore, if an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the 
Terms and Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of the Holders of the Notes.
If an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, the Terms and 
Conditions also provide that certain amendments may be made to the Alternative Benchmark Rate or the Terms 
and Conditions or that an adjustment factor may be determined by such Independent Adviser or the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, to be applied to such Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
without the approval of the Holders. The aim of such amendments or adjustment factor is to make the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate comparable to the Original Reference Rate in order to retain as much as possible 
the respective economic positions of the Issuer and the Holders. However, it may not be possible to determine 
or apply such amendments or an adjustment factor and even if such amendments or an adjustment factor are 
applied, they may not be effective to reduce or eliminate a negative economic outcome for the Holders. 
Furthermore, in respect of Subordinated Notes, if the operation of the above provisions would cause the 
Subordinated Notes to cease qualifying as at least the category of basic own funds as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms by reason of the level of the substitute or successor rate, the Margin will be adjusted to such extent 
as is necessary to ensure continued qualification as at least the category of basic own funds as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that the Margin shall never be negative. Furthermore, no substitute or 
successor rate will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms of the Subordinated Notes be made, 
if and to the extent that the same would cause the Subordinated Notes to cease qualifying as at least the category 
of basic own funds as specified in the applicable Final Terms of Aegon N.V. or as other equivalent regulatory 
capital of Aegon N.V. under the Capital Adequacy Regulations. In such case, the Rate of Interest shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding interest determination date (corrected for any change to the 
relevant margin).
(c)
EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, each of the Issuer 
and the Independent Adviser may be considered an ‘administrator’. This is the case if it is considered to be in 
control over the provision of the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis 
of the Screen Rate Determination any adjustments made thereto and/or otherwise in determining the applicable 
rate of interest in the context of a fall-back scenario. This would mean that the Issuer and/or the Independent 
Adviser has control over the (i) administration of the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collection, 
analysis or processes of input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determination of such 
rate through the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. 
Furthermore, for the Independent Adviser and/or the Issuer to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, the Screen Rate Determination 
and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made 
thereto and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back scenario 
may be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate 
of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto and/or otherwise 
in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back scenario, are published or made 
available to the public and regularly determined by the application of a method of calculation or by an 
assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys.

--- Page 34 ---
34
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, stipulates that each 
administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, 
recognized or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Fiscal Agent 
in the circumstances as described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, 
authorisation, recognition or endorsement, preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or 
may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. As a result, a fixed rate based on 
the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR, or any other interest rate benchmark was 
available, may apply to the Notes until the time that registration, authorised registration or endorsement of the 
relevant administrator has been completed or as substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate is 
available. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effect on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmarks"; (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmarks" and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark" without being replaced by a successor benchmark. 
As a result, any of the above consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate 
benchmark may impact the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes which in turn could 
have a significant effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
B. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes (which are only issued by Aegon) 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of Aegon's insolvency.
Aegon's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank pari passu 
among themselves. In the event of the bankruptcy, winding-up, moratorium (faillissement, vereffening na 
ontbinding or surseance van betaling) or Resolution of Aegon, the payment obligations of Aegon under the 
Subordinated Notes shall rank in right of payment, save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions 
of law, after unsubordinated unsecured creditors of Aegon, and any set-off by Holders of a Subordinated Note 
shall be excluded, until all of Aegon’s obligations vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been 
satisfied, but at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of Aegon that are not preferred by 
mandatory provisions of law or not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, and in 
priority to the claims of shareholders of Aegon. Furthermore, there is no restriction on the amount of debt 
which Aegon may issue or guarantee. Aegon and its subsidiaries and affiliates may incur additional 
indebtedness or grant guarantees in respect of indebtedness of third parties, including indebtedness or 
guarantees that rank pari passu with or senior to the obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that if the proposal for a European Insurance Recovery & Resolution Directive is 
adopted in its current form, from the date on which the act implementing Article 37 of the proposal for a 
European Insurance Recovery & Resolution Directive becomes effective in the Netherlands (the Amending 
Act), instruments which are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the Notes and which fully 
disqualify as own funds, may in Aegon’s bankruptcy rank senior to the Notes. See also Condition 3.2, which 
provides that the ranking of the Subordinated Notes is subject to exceptions provided by mandatory provisions 
of law, which would include the Amending Act.
Accordingly, a Subordinated Noteholder may recover less than the holders of other unsubordinated or 
subordinated liabilities (the latter not qualifying as own funds) of Aegon in bankruptcy, winding-up, 
moratorium (faillissement, vereffening na ontbinding or surseance van betaling) or Resolution of Aegon as 
after payment of the claims of senior creditors there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the 
amounts owing to the Subordinated Noteholders. Please also refer to risk factor “Risks of application of 
intervention measures may adversely affect Aegon’s business, results of operations and financial position” 
below.

--- Page 35 ---
35
Therefore, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment 
should Aegon become insolvent. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Subordinated Notes for a significant period of time beyond the maturity date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed on or before the maturity date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or purchased by Aegon provided that (a) no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing 
on the relevant date for redemption or purchase, (b) such redemption or purchase would not itself cause a 
Mandatory Deferral Event or (c) no Insolvent Insurer Liquidation has occurred and is continuing on the 
relevant date for redemption or purchase or, in each case, as otherwise permitted by the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority and subject to Aegon having received the prior approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority if 
required pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulations in order for the Subordinated Notes to qualify as 
regulatory capital. If on the relevant date for redemption (i) a Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) a redemption would itself cause a Mandatory Deferral Event or (iii) an Insolvent Insurer 
Liquidation has occurred and is continuing, then the Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed on any day 
thereafter on which no Mandatory Deferral Event is continuing, the redemption would itself not cause a 
Mandatory Deferral Event and no Insolvent Insurer Liquidation is continuing.
Therefore, an investor in Subordinated Notes may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the 
Subordinated Notes beyond the maturity date specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Aegon is subject to capital adequacy requirements and breach of these requirements will cause interest 
payments under Subordinated Notes to be deferred and, in other circumstances, interest payments under 
Subordinated Notes may be deferred at Aegon's election. 
Aegon, at group level, is subject to multiple regulatory frameworks that include capital adequacy requirements, 
including those pursuant to the Solvency II (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) regime and 
the EU Financial Conglomerates Directive. For Aegon, the dominant capital adequacy requirements result 
from the Solvency II regime. Elements of the Solvency II framework (including the interpretation of 
requirements) may change going forward. This may affect the way Aegon implements the Solvency II 
framework, including Aegon’s financial position under Solvency II. 
Pursuant to Solvency II, Aegon is required to calculate a solvency ratio (own funds divided by the required 
solvency, the latter referred to as the Group SCR), for the Aegon Group at the level of Aegon which should 
be at least equal to 100 per cent.. As the prudential supervisor, the DNB leaves the decision as to whether to 
hold a buffer of own funds in excess of the Group SCR, or the SCR, to the Aegon Group and to the insurance 
and reinsurance undertakings in the Aegon Group. DNB nonetheless monitors Aegon’s capital management 
policies. 
The abovementioned calculation includes, as part of the Group SCR, local capital requirements for insurance 
and reinsurance undertakings in non-EU countries that are deemed (provisionally) equivalent. Due to the 
relative proportion of these activities, the treatment of its US insurance activities is of particular relevance to 
Aegon. Aegon uses a combination of the two aggregation methods defined within the Solvency II framework 
to calculate the Group SCR, the accounting consolidation method (method 1) and the deduction and 
aggregation method (method 2). Aegon applies the accounting consolidation method as the default method. 
However, for insurance entities domiciled outside the EEA for which provisional or full equivalence applies, 
such as the United States, Aegon uses the deduction and aggregation method, with local regulatory 
requirements to bring these into the Group solvency position. US insurance and reinsurance entities are 
included in Aegon's group solvency calculation in accordance with local U.S. risk-based capital (RBC) 
requirements. Until 30 June 2017, Aegon used 250 per cent.  of the local Company Action Level (CAL) RBC 
as the SCR equivalent. Aegon received approval from DNB to apply, as of 1 July 2017, a revised methodology 
that includes lowering the conversion factor from 250 per cent.  to 150 per cent.  RBC, and reducing the 
contribution to own funds by 100 per cent.  of the local CAL RBC requirement to reflect transferability

--- Page 36 ---
36
restrictions. This methodology is subject to annual review and the change enhances comparability with 
European peers.
In addition to the SCR, insurance and reinsurance companies should also calculate a Minimum Capital 
Requirement (MCR). This represents a lower level of financial security than the SCR, below which the level 
of eligible own funds held by the insurance or reinsurance company is not allowed to drop.
Undertakings that are part of an insurance group but active in other financial sectors, such as banks, are 
generally taken into account using capital requirements applicable to them specifically. These undertakings 
are included in the calculation of the capital requirements using method 2, as opposed to method 1. However, 
subject to certain conditions, entities in other financial sectors may be included in accordance with method 1. 
In particular, this may be the case where DNB as Group supervisor is satisfied as to the level of integrated 
management and internal control regarding these entities. Aegon includes its participation in Aegon Bank N.V. 
in the Group Solvency ratio, using Basel requirements (as implemented in Europe) in the EU Capital 
Requirements Directive (CRD) and EU Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), that Aegon Bank N.V. is 
subject to.
When calculated in accordance with method 1, the Group SCR should be at least equal to the consolidated 
group solvency capital requirement as referred to in the second subparagraph of Article 230(2) of the Solvency 
II Directive (which is composed in particular of the sum of the minimum capital requirements of the EU 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings in the group). When calculated in accordance with a combination of 
method 1 and method 2, the minimum of the Group SCR is at least equal to the minimum consolidated group 
solvency capital requirement as referred to in Article 341 of the Solvency II Delegated Regulation. This 
absolute floor of the Group SCR is usually referred as the group minimum capital requirement or Group MCR. 
While the Group MCR generally represents a solvency requirement that is below the Group SCR, these ratios 
have different limitations concerning tiers of own funds eligibility.
Insurance and reinsurance companies are required to hold eligible own funds against the SCR and MCR. The 
capital is divided into three tiers in accordance with the quality of the own funds. The lower tiers of own funds 
(tier 2 and tier 3), as well as certain items (as described in Article 82(3) of the Solvency II Delegated 
Regulation) that form part of tier 1 own funds, may only represent a certain part of the eligible own funds. 
Furthermore, the SCR may be covered up to limited amounts with off-balance sheet own funds (‘ancillary own 
funds’ such as letters of credits or guarantees). The MCR should be covered entirely by on-balance sheet items 
(‘basic own funds’). 
DNB may intervene if the Group SCR or Group MCR, as applicable, is no longer complied with. Moreover, 
DNB has supervisory powers to intervene in a situation even where the Group SCR and Group MCR are still 
met, but their level or the buffer levels set by Aegon (pursuant to Aegon Group’s capital management policy), 
are potentially under threat. This may lead to Aegon having to execute a recovery plan that should bring the 
own funds back in line with an acceptable buffer in excess of the Group SCR. Intervention by DNB may lead 
to Aegon being required to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes.
Pursuant to Solvency II and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Aegon will be obliged to defer interest 
payments on Tier 2 Notes upon breach of its Group SCR or, in the case of the Tier 3 Notes, the Group MCR 
(as statutorily applicable or applied by DNB respectively). In other circumstances, such as when Aegon opts 
to replenish the buffer in excess of the Group SCR to stay in compliance with its Group capital management 
policy, interest payments under Subordinated Notes may be deferred at Aegon's election. Any unpaid interest 
shall as long as it remains unpaid constitute arrears of interest (Arrears of Interest) and Arrears of Interest 
will not bear interest. See further Condition 5D (Deferral of Interest on Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Any deferral of interest payments or actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that interest payments are 
deferred will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a 
result of the possibility of deferral of interest on the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Subordinated 
Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues and which

--- Page 37 ---
37
are not subject to such deferrals, and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in Aegon's and the 
Aegon Group’s financial condition.
Subject to conditions, Aegon may redeem the Subordinated Notes at its option on certain dates.
Subject to the conditions set out in Condition 6.18 (Redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes), if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, Aegon may redeem all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes 
at their relevant early redemption amount. Such redemption may occur from a certain date, in the event of 
certain changes in the tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes or following the occurrence of certain 
regulatory, rating or accounting events as specified in the applicable Final Terms. See further Condition 6 
(Redemption and Purchase).
Aegon may decide to redeem the Subordinated Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Subordinated Notes. During any period when Aegon may elect or may be perceived to be more likely 
to elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.
An investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
Aegon may substitute the Subordinated Notes or vary their terms without holder consent.
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, a Capital Disqualification Event, a Rating Methodology Event or an 
Accounting Event, Aegon may, at its option and without consent or approval of the Holders of Subordinated 
Notes, elect to substitute the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or 
become, Qualifying Securities, as provided in Condition 6.15 (Substitution and Variation of the Subordinated 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In the case of a substitution or variation of the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, whilst the substituted or modified Subordinated Notes must have the terms which are not 
materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the original Subordinated Notes then prevailing, 
there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Holder of Subordinated Notes, such 
substituted or modified Subordinated Notes will be as favourable to each Holder of Subordinated Notes in all 
respects.
Payments made under some junior or equally ranking instruments will not trigger an obligation on Aegon 
to make payments on the Subordinated Notes. 
Pursuant to Condition 5D(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, interest payments on the Subordinated 
Notes will in any event, but subject to certain exceptions as further described in Condition 5D(c) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, become mandatorily due and payable on an Interest Payment Date if during a 
period of six months prior to such Interest Payment Date a dividend (or any distribution from reserves) was 
declared payable in respect of any common shares of Aegon in the general meeting of shareholders of Aegon 
or Aegon has repurchased or otherwise acquired any common shares in its own capital (subject to restrictions 
as defined in Condition 5D(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
Payments on any instruments ranking junior to the Subordinated Notes, including, but not limited to capital 
securities qualifying as hybrid tier 1 capital of Aegon and any Junior Debt Instruments, but excluding the 
common shares of Aegon, will not be caught by this provision and Aegon will then not be obliged pursuant to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to make payments on the Subordinated Notes.
Potential investors in the Subordinated Notes should therefore realise that holders of instruments ranking junior 
to or pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may receive payments from Aegon in priority to the Holders of 
Subordinated Notes, even though their claims rank junior to or pari passu with those of Holders of 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Subordinated Notes.
Aegon’s obligation, if any, to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of the Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under the 
Subordinated Notes and not to payments of principal. 
As such, Aegon would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Subordinated Notes, Holders 
of Subordinated Notes may receive less than the full amount due under the Subordinated Notes, and the market 
value of the Subordinated Notes may be adversely affected. In addition, any payment of additional amounts 
may be subject to optional or mandatory deferral by Aegon in accordance with Condition 5D(a) (Optional 
Deferral of Interest) or Condition 5D(b) (Required Deferral of Interest).
C. 
Risks related to all Notes 
Risks of application of intervention measures may adversely affect Aegon’s business, results of operations 
and financial position. 
Pursuant to the Dutch Act on Recovery & Resolution for Insurers (Wet herstel en afwikkeling van 
verzekeraars) (R&R Act), the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht), the framework 
of the EU Directive on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investments firms and the proposal 
for a European Insurance Recovery & Resolution Directive, the Aegon Group, including Aegon N.V. and AFC 
may become subject to the exercise of intervention and resolution powers by DNB or the Minister of Finance 
or any other resolution authority, which may significantly impact the rights of the owners or holders of these 
assets, securities and/or financial instruments. The possible exercise of such powers, or any perceived exercise 
of such powers, could have a material adverse effect on the performance by the failing institution, including 
Aegon, of its obligations (of payment or otherwise) under contracts of any form, including the expropriation, 
write-off, write-down or conversion of securities such as shares and debt obligations issued by the failing 
institution. Furthermore, the terms of contracts, including debt obligations may be varied (e.g. the variation of 
maturity of a debt instrument).  
The exercise, or perceived exercise, of any intervention and resolution powers would have a substantial 
negative impact on the price of the Notes and Holder may lose their entire investment in the Notes.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.
In relation to any issue of bearer Notes by Aegon which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination and one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination.  
In such a case, a Holder who, as a result of such trading, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive 
a definitive bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive bearer Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to the minimum Specified 
Denomination.  
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, Holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination which is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 39 ---
39
D. 
Risks related to the market in respect of the Notes
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes.
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. The liquidity and the market 
prices for the Notes can also be expected to vary with changes in market and economic conditions, the financial 
condition and prospects of the relevant Issuer and other factors that generally influence the market prices of 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed trading market.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holdings. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes.
The Issuers will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of an Issuer or the Guarantor to make payments 
in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in the market interest rates.
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
Credit ratings assigned to any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those 
Notes.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and the value of the 
Notes may be affected by the credit rating of the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all 
risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value 
of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, 
suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the

--- Page 40 ---
40
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK 
credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating 
agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, 
as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. The price at which a Noteholder 
will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue 
price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.

--- Page 41 ---
41
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) of, or any other provision of or 
rule under, the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. This Base 
Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of the Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to 
the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM.    
Any information from third-parties has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuers are aware and are 
able to ascertain from information published by that third-party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Each of the Issuers accepts responsibility 
accordingly. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by each of the Issuers and the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by each of the Issuers and the Guarantor in connection with 
the Programme.  
No person is or has been authorised by either of the Issuers or the Guarantor to give any information or to 
make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by either of the Issuers or the Guarantor or 
any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should be considered as a recommendation by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of each Issuer and the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or 
on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning each of the Issuers and the Guarantor is

--- Page 42 ---
42
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming 
to their attention.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II), or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the IDD), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market

--- Page 43 ---
43
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale").
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
the Netherlands, Belgium and France), the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Singapore and Japan, see 
"Subscription and Sale".      
The maximum aggregate principal amount of instruments outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed USD 6,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into U.S. Dollars at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealership Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Dealership Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale".
All references in this Base Prospectus to "USD" and "U.S. Dollars" are to the currency of the United States of 
America and all references herein to "EUR", "euro" and "€" are to the single currency of the European Union 
as introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 44 ---
44
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAMME, 
THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS AS THE 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR ANY PERSON ACTING FOR THE STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO 
SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. 
ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES 
IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE 
EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 
60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 45 ---
45
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the AFM shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:
(a) The Integrated Annual Reports for the years ended 31 December 2020 (the Integrated 
Annual Report 2020) and 31 December 2021 (the Integrated Annual Report 2021) 
(together with the Integrated Annual Report 2020, the Integrated Annual Reports) of 
Aegon N.V. as filed with the Chamber of Commerce The Netherlands. The audited 
consolidated and company financial statements of Aegon N.V. as of and for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 form part of these Integrated 
Annual 
Reports;
(b)Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three-month period ended 
31 March 2022 (unaudited and unreviewed); 
(c) The Articles of Association (statuten) of Aegon in Dutch and English as in force and 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus; 
(d)The limited liability company agreement and the certificate of incorporation of AFC as 
in force and effect on the date of this Base Prospectus;
(e) Relevant press releases subsequent to 31 December 2021;

Aegon sells 50 per cent. stake in Spanish joint venture with Liberbank to Unicaja;

Aegon N.V. announces Final Results of Tender Offers for six series of 
subordinated notes;

Aegon announces tender offer for six series of subordinated notes;

Aegon completes sale of Hungarian businesses and announces debt tender offer 
and share buyback; and
(f) the 
Guarantee 
issued 
by 
Aegon 
in
 respect of Notes entered into by AFC dated 2 September 2008, (as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, the Guarantee) which is available  at 
https://www.aegon.com/contentassets/d99f71ba63214a438fe7fc4ba3fc05d4/guarantee
_2008.pdf.
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and Guarantor 
and approved by the AFM in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed by the Issuers and the Guarantor 
to be not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Copies of the document incorporated by reference can be obtained from the registered office of Aegon at 
Aegonplein 50, 2591 TV The Hague, The Netherlands and on www.aegon.com (the investor section 
(Publication) and in the Media section Press releases) and are available for viewing during normal business 
hours at the registered office also. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to

--- Page 46 ---
46
herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
47
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which (subject to completion and minor amendment) 
will be applicable to each Series of Notes, provided that the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Notes 
may specify other Terms and Conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with these Terms and Conditions, replace the following Terms and Conditions for the purposes of such Notes:
The Notes are issued in accordance with an amended and restated issue and paying agency agreement (the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement), which expression shall include any amendments or supplements 
thereto, dated 28 June 2022 and made between Aegon N.V. (Aegon), Aegon Funding Company LLC (AFC) 
(each an Issuer), Aegon N.V. as Guarantor, Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacities as fiscal agent 
(the Fiscal Agent, which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its 
capacity as such) and as principal registrar (the Principal Registrar, which expression shall include any 
successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch in its capacity as first alternative registrar (the First Alternative Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in its 
capacity as such), Citibank, N.A., New York Branch in its capacity as second alternative registrar (the Second 
Alternative Registrar, which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., New York Branch in 
its capacity as such) and the Paying Agents named therein (the Paying Agents, which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent and any substitute or additional Paying Agents appointed in accordance with the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement). Any Notes issued by AFC are guaranteed by Aegon as Guarantor. Such Notes 
are the subject of a guarantee dated 2 September 2008 (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time, the Guarantee) entered into by the Guarantor. Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, the Principal 
Registrar, the First Alternative Registrar and the Second Alternative Registrar. All persons from time to time 
entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes shall be deemed to have notice of, and shall be bound by, 
all of the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the Guarantee insofar as they relate to the 
relevant Notes.
The Notes are issued in series (each, a Series), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (Tranches 
and each, a Tranche) of Notes. Each Tranche will be the subject of the Final Terms (each, the Final Terms), 
a copy of which will, in the case of a Tranche in relation to which application has been made for admission to 
Euronext in Amsterdam be lodged with Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam) and will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (as 
defined in Condition 2.2).
References in these Terms and Conditions to Notes are to Notes of the relevant Series and any references to 
Coupons are to Coupons relating to Notes of the relevant Series. Provisions between square brackets referring 
to the Guarantor and the Guarantee shall only apply to Notes issued by AFC.
1.
FORM AND DENOMINATIONS
1.1
Notes issued by Aegon are in bearer or registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
1.2
Notes issued by AFC are (only) in registered form. 
Form of Bearer Notes
1.3
Each Tranche of Notes issued by Aegon in bearer form (Bearer Notes) will be initially issued in the 
form of a temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) which will:
(i)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg);

--- Page 48 ---
48
(ii)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to (i) a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, (ii) Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor giraal 
Effectenverkeer B.V. (Euroclear Nederland) and/or (iii) any other relevant clearing system, 
as the case may be.
1.4
In the case of an exchange for Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) at any time and without 
any requirement for certification, but otherwise on or after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes of the relevant Tranche and provided 
certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in 
substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global Note or in such other form as is customarily 
issued in such circumstances by the relevant clearing systems) has been received, interests in the 
Temporary Global Note may be exchanged for:
(a)
interests in a permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note) representing the Notes of 
that Tranche; or
(b)
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, serially numbered definitive Notes (Definitive 
Notes) and/or (in the case of a Series comprising both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes and 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) Registered Notes.
1.5
If any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a Tranche occurs whilst any of the 
Notes of that Tranche are represented by a Temporary Global Note, the related interest payment will 
be made on the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial 
ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set out in the 
Temporary Global Note or in such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the 
relevant clearing systems) has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system. Payments of amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system without 
any requirement for certification.
1.6
Interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchanged by Aegon in whole (but not in part only), at 
the option of the Holder of such Permanent Global Note, for serially numbered Definitive Notes and/or 
(in the case of a Series comprising both Bearer and Registered Notes and if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) Registered Notes, (a) if any Note of the relevant Series becomes due and 
repayable following an Event of Default (as defined herein); or (b) if either Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention to cease business 
permanently; or (c) if so specified in the Final Terms, at the option of the Holder of such Permanent 
Global Note upon such Holder's request. An event of the type described in points (a) and (b) of the 
preceding sentence is referred to as an Exchange Event. In order to exercise the option contained in 
point (c) of the preceding sentence, the Holder must, not less than 45 days before the date upon which 
the delivery of such Definitive Notes and/or Registered Notes is required, deposit the relevant 
Permanent Global Note with the Fiscal Agent at its specified office with the form of exchange notice 
endorsed thereon duly completed. If default is made by Aegon in the required delivery of Definitive 
Notes and/or Registered Notes and such default is continuing at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the 30th 
day after the day on which the relevant notice period expires or, as the case may be, such Permanent 
Global Note becomes so exchangeable, such Permanent Global Note will become void in accordance 
with its terms but without prejudice to the rights of the accountholders with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system in relation thereto.
1.7
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, have attached 
thereto at the time of their initial delivery coupons (Coupons), presentation of which will be a 
prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below. Interest-bearing 
Definitive Notes will also, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, have attached thereto at the

--- Page 49 ---
49
time of their initial delivery, a talon (Talon) for further coupons and the expression Coupons shall, 
where the context so requires, include Talons.
Form of Registered Notes
1.8
Registered Notes will be in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled 
to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Notes. Registered Notes in global form will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the 
Registered Notes are to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a Common 
Safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the 
name of the nominee for the Common Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in 
the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Denomination and Minimum Issue Size
1.9
Denominations of the Notes are subject to any changes in applicable legal and/or regulatory 
requirements. The Notes will have a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or, where it is a 
Note to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, 
to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation)) have access, €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency).
Denomination of Bearer Interests
1.10
Subject as provided in Condition 1.9, Bearer Notes will be in the denomination or denominations (each 
of which denomination must be integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Bearer Notes of one denomination will not be exchangeable, after their initial 
delivery, for Bearer Notes of any other denomination.
Denomination of Registered Notes
1.11
Subject as provided in Condition 1.9, Registered Notes will be in the minimum denomination specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or integral multiples thereof.
Currency of Notes
1.12
Notes may be denominated in any currency specified in the applicable Final Terms subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
1.13
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, references to Notes shall, as the context may require, 
be deemed to be to Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes, Definitive Notes or, as the case 
may be, Registered Notes.
2.
TITLE
2.1
Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the Holders of Bearer 
Notes or of Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes or such Coupons.
2.2
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Principal Registrar, 
the First Alternative Registrar or, as the case may be, the Second Alternative Registrar, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, Registrar means, in 
relation to any Series comprising Registered Notes, the Principal Registrar, the First Alternative 
Registrar or, as the case may be, the Second Alternative Registrar. References herein to the Holders 
of Registered Notes are to the persons in whose names such Registered Notes are so registered in the 
relevant register.

--- Page 50 ---
50
2.3
The Holder of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Registered Note will (except as otherwise required by 
applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any 
writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.
Transfer of Registered Notes and exchange of Bearer Notes for Registered Notes
2.4
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is, or is an integral 
multiple of, the minimum denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms) upon the surrender 
of the Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly 
completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar. A new Registered Note will be issued 
to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note 
in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor.
2.5
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer Notes may exchange the same for 
the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. In order to exchange a Bearer Note for a 
Registered Note, the Holder thereof shall surrender such Bearer Note at the specified office outside 
the United States of the Fiscal Agent or of the Registrar together with a written request for the 
exchange. Each Bearer Note so surrendered must be accompanied by all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto other than the Coupon in respect of the next payment of interest falling due after 
the exchange date (as defined in Condition 2.6) where the exchange date would, but for the provisions 
of Condition 2.6, occur between the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9B.03) for such payment of 
interest and the date on which such payment of interest falls due.
2.6
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered Note or the exchange of a 
Bearer Note for a Registered Note will, within three Relevant Banking Days of the transfer date or, as 
the case may be, the exchange date be available for delivery at the specified office of the Registrar. 
For these purposes, a form of transfer or request for exchange received by the Registrar or the Fiscal 
Agent after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9B.03) in respect of any payment due in respect 
of Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar or the Fiscal Agent 
until the day following the due date for such payment.
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
(a)
Relevant Banking Day means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a Bearer 
Note for a Registered Note where such request for exchange is made to the Fiscal Agent, in 
the place where the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located;
(b)
the exchange date shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the relevant 
Bearer Note shall have been surrendered for exchange in accordance with Condition 2.5; and
(c)
the Transfer date shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the relevant 
Registered Note shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance with Condition 2.4 and 
all reasonable requirements of the Issuer and the Registrar shall have been satisfied in respect 
of such transfer.
2.7
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer or on the exchange of Bearer Notes for Registered Notes 
will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment 
by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the relevant Issuer or the 
Registrar may require in respect of) any tax, duty or other governmental charges which may be 
imposed in relation thereto.

--- Page 51 ---
51
2.8
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Registered Notes bearing the private placement legend 
(the Private Placement Legend) set forth in the form of Registered Note scheduled to the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement, the Registrar shall deliver only Registered Notes that also bear such legend 
unless either (a) such transfer, exchange or replacement occurs three or more years after the later of 
(i) the original issue date of such Notes or (ii) the last date on which the Issuer or any affiliates (as 
defined below) of the Issuer as notified to the Registrar by the Issuer as provided in the following 
sentence, was the beneficial owner of such Note (or any predecessor of such Note) or (b) there is 
delivered to the Registrar an opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of counsel experienced in 
giving opinions with respect to questions arising under the securities laws of the United States to the 
effect that neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required in order to 
maintain compliance with the provisions of such laws.
2.9
For so long as any of the Registered Notes bearing the Private Placement Legend remain outstanding 
and are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer 
covenants and agrees that it shall, during any period in which it is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) 
under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 
12g3-2(b) under such Act, make available to any Holder of such Notes in connection with any sale 
thereof and any prospective purchaser of such Notes from such Holder, in each case upon request, the 
information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.
3.
STATUS AND GUARANTEE
3.1
This Condition 3.1 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
unsubordinated or not specified as being subordinated (Senior Notes).
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank at least pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as from time to time exist under 
applicable law) with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future.
3.2
This Condition 3.2 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
subordinated (Subordinated Notes). Subordinated Notes are issued only by Aegon.
The obligations represented by the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured obligations of Aegon ranking 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and will, in the event of the bankruptcy, winding-
up, moratorium (faillissement, vereffening na ontbinding or surseance van betaling) or Resolution of 
Aegon be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all Senior Debt of Aegon, 
present and future, but will rank senior to all classes of share capital of Aegon and to any Junior 
Subordinated Indebtedness.
By virtue of the above subordination:
(a)
all payments to Holders of Subordinated Notes will, in the event of the bankruptcy, winding-
up, moratorium (faillissement, vereffening na ontbinding or surseance van betaling) or 
Resolution of Aegon only be made after, and any set-off by any Holder of such Subordinated 
Notes shall be excluded until, all Senior Debt admissible in any such bankruptcy, winding-up, 
moratorium (faillissement, vereffening na ontbinding or surseance van betaling) or Resolution 
of Aegon has been satisfied in full following which the obligations in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes shall rank at least pari passu with all other Subordinated Indebtedness, 
except as preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and
(b)
creditors of Aegon who are not holders of Senior Debt may, subject to any subordination 
provisions that may be applicable to such creditors, recover more rateably than Holders of the 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
52
The Subordinated Notes of a Series may qualify as either tier 2 basic own-funds (Tier 2 Notes) or tier 
3 basic own-funds (Tier 3 Notes), in each case as determined by the Relevant Supervisory Authority 
from time to time, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of these Conditions:
Indebtedness means all indebtedness for money borrowed that is created, assumed, incurred or 
guaranteed in any manner or for which Aegon is otherwise responsible or liable;
Junior Subordinated Indebtedness means any Subordinated Indebtedness that ranks or is expressed 
to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, including but not limited to, Aegon’s $250,000,000 Floating 
Rate Perpetual Capital Securities issued on 23 November 2005 (ISIN: NL0000062438), Euro 
950,000,000 Perpetual Capital Securities issued on 15 July 2004 and 15 October 2004 (ISIN: 
NL0000116150), USD 500,000,000 Perpetual Capital Securities issued on 15 July 2004 and 15 
October 2004 (ISIN: NL0000116168) and EUR 500,000,000 Perpetual Contingent Convertible 
Securities issued on 4 April 2019 (ISIN: XS1886478806);
Relevant Resolution Authority means any existing or future authority with the ability to exercise 
Resolution Power, currently De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.;
Resolution means the exercise of Resolution Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority;
Resolution Power means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to 
time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of insurance 
companies, holding companies of insurance companies and/or financial conglomerates incorporated 
in the Netherlands in effect and applicable in the Netherlands to the Issuer or other members of the 
Group, including but not limited to any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of a Dutch resolution regime under the Dutch 
Intervention Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen), the R&R Act or within the 
context of a European Directive establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of insurance 
and reinsurance undertakings and any amendments thereto, or otherwise, pursuant to which obligations 
of an insurance company, holding company of an insurance company or financial conglomerate or any 
of its affiliates can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or other securities or obligations 
of the obligor or any other person or may be expropriated;
Senior Debt means the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on any Indebtedness of Aegon 
currently outstanding or to be issued hereafter unless such Indebtedness, by the terms of the Note by 
which it is created or evidenced, is not senior in right of payment to the Subordinated Notes to which 
this Condition 3.2 applies. Aegon's outstanding Subordinated Indebtedness will not be considered 
Senior Debt; and
Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of Aegon the right to payment of which is, or 
is expressed to be, or is required by any present or future agreement of Aegon to be, subordinated in 
the event of the bankruptcy, winding-up, moratorium (faillissement, vereffening na ontbinding or 
surseance van betaling) or Resolution of Aegon. 
3.3
Guarantee
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums and the 
delivery of all amounts expressed to be payable or deliverable by AFC under the Notes and Coupons. 
Its obligations in that respect are contained in the Guarantee.
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (subject as foresaid and to certain statutory exceptions) equally

--- Page 53 ---
53
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor from 
time to time outstanding.
4.
NEGATIVE PLEDGE
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement), the Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that no loan or other indebtedness in respect of 
borrowed moneys having an original maturity of more than two years or any guarantee in respect of 
any such indebtedness, in each case now or hereafter existing, will be secured upon any of the present 
or future assets or revenues of the Issuer and the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries unless it shall, 
simultaneously with or prior to the creation of such security, take any and all action necessary to 
procure that the same security (or other security acceptable to the Holders of Notes) is accorded to the 
Holders of Notes other than Holders of Subordinated Notes as referred to in Condition 3.2, except that 
the foregoing shall not apply to (a) security created over any shares in or any securities owned by any 
Subsidiaries which are not Insurance Subsidiaries, (b) security created in the normal course of the 
relevant insurance business carried on in a manner consistent with generally accepted insurance 
practice for such insurance business, (c) security or preference arising by operation of any law, (d) 
security over real property to secure borrowings to finance the purchase or improvement of such real 
property, (e) security over assets existing at the time of acquisition thereof, and (f) security not 
otherwise permitted by the foregoing clauses securing borrowed moneys in an aggregate principal 
amount not to exceed 50 per cent. of the Group's borrowed moneys with an original maturity of more 
than two years.
In these Terms and Conditions, Subsidiary means any corporation, partnership or other business entity 
of which more than 50 per cent. of the shares or other equity interests (as the case may be) carrying 
the right to vote are, directly or indirectly, owned by the Issuer or the Guarantor; Insurance 
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary, (i) the principal activity of which is insurance business, and (ii) the 
gross premium income of which as shown by the latest audited profit and loss account is more than 10 
per cent. of the total gross premium income of the Group as shown by the latest audited consolidated 
profit and loss account of the Group; and Group means the Issuer and the Guarantor and its 
Subsidiaries from time to time.
5.
INTEREST
Notes may be interest-bearing or non interest-bearing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
the case of non interest-bearing Notes, a Reference Price and Accrual Yield will, unless otherwise 
agreed, be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of interest-bearing Notes, the interest 
rate may change from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate and from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate. The Final 
Terms in relation to each Tranche of interest-bearing Notes shall specify which of Condition 5A and/or 
5B shall be applicable and Condition 5C will be applicable to each Tranche of interest-bearing Notes 
as specified therein save, in each case, to the extent inconsistent with the applicable Final Terms. 
Condition 5D shall be applicable to any Subordinated Notes. In relation to any Tranche of interest-
bearing Notes, the applicable Final Terms may specify actual amounts of interest payable rather than, 
or in addition to, a rate or rates at which interest accrues.
5A(I) Interest – Fixed Rate
Subject to Condition 5D (in relation to Subordinated Notes only), each Fixed Rate Note bears interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of 
Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest

--- Page 54 ---
54
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified.
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or
(ii)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal account of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 5A(I):
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(a)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or
(b)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 55 ---
55
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.
In these Terms and Conditions:
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.
5A(II) Interest – Fixed Reset Rate
(i)
Accrual of interest
Subject to Condition 5D (in relation to Subordinated Notes only), each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(A)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(B)
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, 
the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; 
and 
(C)
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
or, if none, the Maturity Date (each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal 
to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date. 
Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 5A(I) shall 
apply to Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no Mid-Swap Rate Quotation will be obtained, 
nor will any other amendment to the terms of any series of Subordinated Notes be made, if and to the 
extent that, as determined by the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Subordinated Notes as at least the category of basic own funds as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or otherwise result in a violation of the Capital Adequacy Regulations. In such 
case, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Reset Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from the margin which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Reset Margin

--- Page 56 ---
56
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period).
The provisions of Condition 5B(iii) relating to Benchmark Replacement apply mutatis mutandis to 
Fixed Reset Notes.
In this Condition 5A(II):
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the First Reset Period; 
Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other page as may 
replace it on that information service, or on such other equivalent information service as determined 
by the Issuer, for the purpose of displaying the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the 
Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period; 
Initial Interest Rate means the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms;
Initial Mid-Swap Rate means the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms;
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the 
semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be converted to a 
quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) 
for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, adjusted 
by any necessary adjustment factor to make it comparable to a swap where the floating leg is equivalent 
to EURIBOR expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page 
as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page, 
the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on 
that Reset Date, the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment 
Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be 
converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest 
Payment Dates) for swap transactions where the floating leg is equivalent to EURIBOR in the 
Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, offered 
by the Reference Banks or to the extent that an industry-accepted substitute or successor rate for the 
floating leg of such swap transaction has been established (as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), the quotations shall be adjusted as follows. If the Issuer has determined that a substitute or 
successor rate for the floating leg of swap transactions should apply in accordance with the foregoing, 
it will notify the Fiscal Agent in writing and will request each Reference Bank to adjust such swap rate 
quotation to include any necessary adjustment factor that is necessary to make the swap rate quotation 
comparable to a swap rate quotation based on swap transactions where the floating leg is equivalent to 
EURIBOR in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period;
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable;

--- Page 57 ---
57
Reset Determination Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reset Determination Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reset Margin means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms;
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on 
that Reset Date, a percentage equal to the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.0001 per cent. (0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the Mid-Swap 
Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at approximately the Reset Determination Time on 
the Reset Determination Date to participants in the swap market for the Specified Currency with an 
equivalent maturity to the Reset Period all as determined by the Fiscal Agent. If at least three Mid-
Swap Rate Quotations are provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the Mid-
Swap Rate Quotations, eliminating the highest Mid-Swap Rate Quotations (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest Mid-Swap Rate Quotations (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest). If only two Mid-Swap Rate Quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the 
Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided. If only one Mid-Swap Rate Quotations is provided, it will be the 
Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided. If no Mid-Swap Rate Quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap 
Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, if none, the Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate; and
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date.
(ii) Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and, 
in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date falling in such 
Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Fixed Reset 
Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Fixed Reset Notes are for the time being listed and to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(iii) Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5A(II), whether 
by the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents, the Holders of Notes or the Coupons and (in the 
absence wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Holders of Notes or 
Coupons shall attach the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
5B 
Interest – Floating Rate
(i)
Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 58 ---
58
Subject to Condition 5D (in relation to Subordinated Notes only), each Floating Rate Note 
bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either:
(A)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(B)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(1)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5B(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or
(2)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(3)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(4)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both:
(A)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation and any Additional Business 
Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are

--- Page 59 ---
59
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET 2) System (the TARGET 2 System) is open.
(ii)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Fiscal Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under 
which:
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the first day of 
that Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on

--- Page 60 ---
60
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if no offered quotation appears or 
fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, as 
adjusted by any necessary adjustment factor to make it comparable with the Reference 
Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, to the extent that an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as defined below) has been determined by the Issuer, such 
Alternative Benchmark Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Issuer with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent.
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Fiscal Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph and no successor rate is used, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Fiscal Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuer 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market (Euro-
zone if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for the purpose) informs the Issuer it is quoting to leading banks in the relevant inter-
bank market (Euro-zone if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any). If on the Interest Determination Date, the Reference 
Rate has been discontinued or is unavailable and the Issuer has determined that no 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as defined below) is available, the Reference Rate for 
that Interest Determination Date will be the last observable rate which appears on the 
Screen Page, as determined by the Fiscal Agent. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B):

--- Page 61 ---
61
Reference Banks means, the principal office of four major banks in the relevant inter-
bank market (Euro-zone if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), in each case selected by 
the Issuer and in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, 
the principal office of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre; 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR or Relevant Financial Centre time in the case of a determination of any 
other Reference Rate).
(iii)
Benchmark Replacement
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5(B), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply:
I.
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent 
financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial advisor with appropriate expertise (the Independent 
Adviser) to determine an alternative rate (the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate) and an alternative screen page or source (the 
Alternative Screen Page) no later than three Business Days prior to 
the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of 
determining the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5B(iii));
II.
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent 
Adviser determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate or, if 
the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser determines is most comparable 
to the Original Reference Rate, and the Alternative Screen Page shall 
be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate;
III.
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Screen Page prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with Condition 5B(iii)(II) 
above, then the Issuer (in consultation with the Fiscal Agent or the 
Independent Adviser where appointed but unable to determine 
whether an Alternative Benchmark Rate is available and acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
which (if any) rate has replaced the Original Reference Rate or, if it 
determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate, and the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the 
Alternative Screen Page shall be such page of an information service 
as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that 
if this Condition 5B(iii)(III) applies and the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Screen Page prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this 
Condition 5B(iii)(III), the Original Reference Rate applicable to such 
Interest Period shall be equal to (i) in respect of the Reset Period

--- Page 62 ---
62
commencing on the First Reset Date and, for as long as no Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Screen Page has been determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5B(iii), each subsequent Reset 
Period, the Original Reference Rate as determined on the pricing date 
of the Notes and (ii) in respect of any other Interest Period, the 
Original Reference Rate in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period;
IV.
if an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Screen Page is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Screen Page shall be the 
Original Reference Rate and the Screen Page in relation to the Notes 
for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 5B(iii));
V.
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer in consultation with the 
Independent Adviser determines an Alternative Benchmark Rate in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer in consultation with the Independent Adviser (as the case may 
be), may also determine any necessary changes to the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, the day count fraction, the business day convention, 
the Business Days and/or the Interest Determination Date applicable 
to the Notes (including any necessary adjustment factor that is 
necessary to make Alternative Benchmark Rate comparable with the 
Original Reference Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
and the method for determining the fall-back rate in relation to the 
Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, which changes shall be deemed to apply to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5B(iii)); and
VI.
the Issuer shall, promptly following the determination of any 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Screen Page, give 
notice thereof and of any changes which are deemed to apply to the 
Notes pursuant to Condition 5B(iii)(V) above in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) to the Holders, to the Fiscal Agent and to each 
listing authority and/or stock exchange (or listing agent as the case 
may be) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing and 
trading.
In respect of Subordinated Notes, if the operation of the above provisions would cause the 
Subordinated Notes to cease qualifying as at least the category of basic own funds as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms by reason of the level of the substitute or successor rate (as 
confirmed by a certificate signed by two (2) of Aegon’s directors), the Margin will be adjusted 
to such extent as is necessary (as confirmed by the same certificate signed by two (2) of 
Aegon’s directors) to ensure continued qualification as at least the category of basic own funds 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the Margin shall never be negative. 
Furthermore, notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5B(ii) or 5B(iii), no 
substitute or successor rate will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes be made, if and to the extent that, as confirmed by a certificate signed by 
two (2) of Aegon’s directors, the same would cause the Subordinated Notes to cease qualifying 
as at least the category of basic own funds as specified in the applicable Final Terms of Aegon 
or as other equivalent regulatory capital of Aegon under the Capital Adequacy.

--- Page 63 ---
63
Any certificate referred to above signed by two (2) of Aegon’s directors shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be treated and accepted by Aegon, the Holders and all other interested parties 
as correct and sufficient evidence thereof, shall be binding on all such persons and the Fiscal 
Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate without liability to any person.
Benchmark Event means:
(A)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; 
(B)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) 
above; 
(C)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means that the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case  on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) above; 
(E)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any 
the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Holder of the Notes using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable); or
(F)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the relevant Original Reference Rate (as applicable) announcing that, in the view 
of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will, on or before a specified 
date, be no longer representative and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (i) above.  
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.
(iv)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 64 ---
64
(v)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Fiscal Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(A)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or
(B)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5B:
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365);
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 65 ---
65
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30;
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 66 ---
66
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of 
this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London.
(vii)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5B, whether by the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error or proven error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents 
and all Holders of Notes and Coupons and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Holders of Notes or Coupons shall attach to the Fiscal 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
5C 
Accrual of Interest
Subject to Condition 5D (in relation to Subordinated Notes only), interest shall accrue on the principal 
amount of each Note. Interest will cease to accrue as from the due date for redemption therefor unless 
upon (except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is 
not required as a precondition of payment) due presentation or surrender thereof, payment in full of 
the principal amount or, as the case may be, redemption amount is improperly withheld or refused or 
default is otherwise made in the payment thereof in which case interest shall continue to accrue thereon 
(as well after as before any demand or judgment) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of 
the Notes or such other rate as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms until the date on which,

--- Page 67 ---
67
upon (except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is 
not required as a precondition of payment) due presentation of the relevant Note, the relevant payment 
is made or, if earlier (except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the 
relevant Note is not required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, 
the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar having received the funds required to make such 
payment, notice is given to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 14 of that 
circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant 
Holder).
5D 
Deferral of interest on Subordinated Notes (which are issued by Aegon only)
Aegon must make each interest payment on the Subordinated Notes on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date subject to and in accordance with Condition 5A and 5B and the other Conditions. Subject to 
Condition 5D(c) below, Aegon must or may defer an interest payment in the following circumstances:
(a)
Optional Deferral of Interest
Subject to Conditions 5D(b) and (c), Aegon may in respect of any interest payment which would, in 
the absence of deferral in accordance with this Condition 5D, be due and payable, defer all or part of 
such interest payment by giving a notice in writing (a Deferral Notice) to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Holders (in accordance with Condition 14) not less than 10 (ten) Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date.
This Condition 5D(a) is applicable to Tier 3 Notes only to the extent so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
(b)
Required Deferral of Interest
If any interest payment is due to be made on a Required Interest Deferral Date, then Aegon shall defer 
and Aegon shall not have any obligation to make all or part of such interest payment, except if the 
relevant Interest Payment Date constitutes a Compulsory Interest Payment Date.
(c)
Compulsory Interest Payments
Interest payments will become mandatorily due and payable on (i) in respect of Tier 2 Notes and, if 
Condition 5D(a) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, Tier 3 Notes, an Interest 
Payment Date if during a period of six months prior to such Interest Payment Date a Compulsory 
Interest Payment Event has occurred or (ii) in respect to Tier 3 Notes if Condition 5D(a) is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, each Interest Payment Date (any such Interest 
Payment Date referred to under (i) or (ii), a Compulsory Interest Payment Date), provided however, 
that if a Mandatory Deferral Event occurred during the Interest Period immediately preceding such 
Interest Payment Date, such Interest Payment Date shall only be a Compulsory Interest Payment Date 
if such Compulsory Interest Payment Event occurred after the relevant Mandatory Deferral Event, as 
applicable, and such Mandatory Deferral Event has ceased to exist on such Interest Payment Date.
(d)
Arrears of Interest
Any unpaid interest shall as long as it remains unpaid constitute arrears of interest (Arrears of 
Interest). Arrears of Interest will not bear interest.
Unless the Final Terms specify otherwise, Arrears of Interest may, subject to the prior approval of the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority to the extent required pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulations 
in order for the Subordinated Notes to qualify as regulatory capital, at the option of Aegon paid in 
whole or in part at any time, provided, however, that no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and 
is continuing at the time of such payment. Unless the Final Terms specify otherwise, all Arrears of

--- Page 68 ---
68
Interest in respect of all Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding shall become due and 
payable in full on whichever is the earliest of:
(i)
the first succeeding Compulsory Interest Payment Date, provided that no Mandatory Deferral 
Event has occurred and is continuing at the time of such payment (nor would the payment 
itself cause a Mandatory Deferral Event); 
(ii)
the date of any redemption or substitution of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6, provided that no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing at the 
time of such payment (nor would the payment itself cause a Mandatory Deferral Event); and
(iii)
the date upon which an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy 
(faillissement) or winding-up (vereffening na ontbinding) of Aegon. 
Any interest payment deferred by Aegon in accordance with this Condition 5(D) shall be at the disposal 
of Aegon.
For the purposes of these Conditions,
Arrears of Interest means any Interest Payment, or part thereof, which has been deferred in 
accordance with Conditions 5E(a) or (b) and has not subsequently been satisfied; 
Assets means the non-consolidated gross assets of Aegon as shown by the then latest published audited 
balance sheet of Aegon but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events in such manner and 
to such extent as Aegon's directors, auditors or, as the case may be, the liquidator may determine to be 
appropriate;
Capital Adequacy Event means that (i) (A) in respect of payments of principal of Tier 2 Notes and 
Tier 3 Notes and payments of interest on Tier 2 Notes, the amount of eligible ‘own funds’ (or any 
equivalent terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations) of Aegon on a Group basis 
to cover the Solvency Capital Requirement or the Minimum Capital Requirement of Aegon on a Group 
basis is, or as a result of a payment of interest or a payment of principal would become, not sufficient 
to cover such Solvency Capital Requirement or Minimum Capital Requirement or (B) in respect of 
payments of interest on Tier 3 Notes the amount of eligible ‘own fund-items’ (or any equivalent 
terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations) of Aegon on a Group basis to cover the 
Minimum Capital Requirement of Aegon is, or as a result of a payment of interest would become, not 
sufficient to cover such Minimum Capital Requirement; or (ii) (if required or applicable in order for 
the Subordinated Notes to qualify as regulatory capital of Aegon on a Group basis under the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations from time to time) the Relevant Supervisory Authority has notified Aegon that 
it has determined, in view of the financial and/or solvency condition of Aegon on a Group basis, that 
in accordance with the Capital Adequacy Regulations at such time Aegon must take specified action 
in relation to deferral of payments of principal and/or interest under the Subordinated Notes;
Capital Adequacy Regulations means (i) the solvency margin and capital adequacy regulations or 
any other regulatory capital rules, including those which set out the requirements on own funds, 
applicable to Aegon or the Group from time to time pursuant to Dutch law and/or the laws of any other 
relevant jurisdiction and which set out the requirements to be satisfied by financial instruments to 
qualify as solvency margin or additional solvency margin or regulatory capital (or any equivalent 
terminology employed by the then applicable capital adequacy regulations) and/or (ii) regulatory rules 
relating to the technical provisions and/or statutory liquidity requirements or any other capital 
adequacy regulations pursuant to Dutch law and/or the laws of any other relevant jurisdiction, each as 
applied and construed by the Relevant Supervisory Authority and applicable to Aegon or the Group 
from time to time and further includes (without limitation) the provisions of regulatory laws as 
applicable at the relevant point in time with respect to internationally active insurance groups and

--- Page 69 ---
69
global systemically important insurers, where appropriate and/or at the designation as such by the 
relevant supervisory authority, as applicable to the Issuer;
Compulsory Interest Payment Event means any of the following events:
(a)
a dividend (or any distribution from reserves) was declared payable in the general meeting of 
shareholders of Aegon, paid or made in respect of any common shares of Aegon; or
(b)
Aegon has repurchased or otherwise acquired any common shares in its own capital (other 
than shares repurchased or otherwise acquired by Aegon, to the extent relevant, to reduce its 
capital, in the context of its own buy-back programme, if any, under any equity derivative 
hedge structure or transaction, under any hedging of stock options programme or any other 
compensation benefit programme, if any, in connection with financial restructurings, mergers, 
acquisitions, split-offs, divestments or alike corporate transactions);
Liabilities means the non-consolidated gross liabilities of Aegon as shown by the then latest published 
audited balance sheet of Aegon, but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events in such 
manner and to such extent as Aegon's directors, auditors or, as the case may be, the liquidator may 
determine;
Mandatory Deferral Event means that:
(i)
Aegon determines that it is not or, on the relevant date on which a payment of interest or a 
payment of principal would be made after taking into account amounts payable on that date 
on the Subordinated Notes, will not be Solvent; or
(ii)
a Capital Adequacy Event has occurred and continues to exist or a payment of interest or a 
payment of principal on the relevant date would cause a Capital Adequacy Event and a deferral 
of payments of interest and/or principal is required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations,
provided, however, that the occurrence of (ii) above will not constitute a Mandatory Deferral Event:
(A)
in the case of Tier 2 Notes only, in respect of payments of interest or Arrears of Interest, if:
(i)
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has exceptionally waived the deferral of such 
interest payment and/or payment of Arrears of Interest;
(ii)
paying the interest payment and/or Arrears of Interest does not further weaken the 
solvency position of Aegon as determined in accordance with the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations; and
(iii)
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately after the 
interest payment and/or payment of Arrears of Interest is made;
(B)
in respect of payments of principal, if:
(i)
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has exceptionally waived the deferral of such 
principal payment;
(ii)
the Subordinated Notes are exchanged for or converted into another tier 1 or tier 2 or, 
in the case of Tier 3 Notes only, tier 3 basic own-fund of at least the same quality; and
(iii)
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately after the 
principal payment is made;

--- Page 70 ---
70
Minimum Capital Requirement (a) means (i) when method 1 is applied, the consolidated group 
Solvency Capital Requirement as referred to in the second subparagraph of Article 230(2) of the 
Solvency II Directive or (ii) when a combination of method 1 and 2 is applied, the minimum 
consolidated group Solvency Capital Requirement as referred to in Article 341 of the Solvency II 
Delegated Regulation (or any equivalent terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations) 
or (b) has any other meaning as may be given thereto under the Capital Adequacy Regulations;
Relevant Supervisory Authority means any relevant regulator supervising Aegon in respect of its 
compliance with any Capital Adequacy Regulations. The current Relevant Supervisory Authority is 
the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V., DNB);
Required Interest Deferral Date means each Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Holders 
and the Fiscal Agent have received written notice from Aegon confirming that (i) a Mandatory Deferral 
Event has occurred and is continuing on such Interest Payment Date, or (ii) the payment of such interest 
would itself cause a Mandatory Deferral Event;
Solvency II means the Solvency II Directive and any implementing measures adopted pursuant to the 
Solvency II Directive (for the avoidance of doubt, whether implemented by way of regulation, 
implementing technical standards or by further directives, guidelines published by the European 
Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (or any successor entity) or otherwise) including, 
without limitation, the Solvency II Delegated Regulation);
Solvency II Delegated Regulation means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 
October 2014 supplementing Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on the taking up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance (Solvency II), as amended 
from time to time; 
Solvency II Directive means Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Union of 25 November, 2009 
on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance (Solvency II), as amended 
from time to time; 
Solvency Capital Requirement means the group Solvency Capital Requirement as referred to in the 
Solvency II Directive (or any equivalent terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations); 
and
Solvent means that Aegon is (a) able to pay its debts to its unsubordinated and unsecured creditors as 
they fall due and (b) its Assets exceed its Liabilities (other than its Liabilities to persons who are not 
unsubordinated and unsecured creditors).
6.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
Redemption 
6.1
The Notes are dated or undated instruments, as specified in the Final Terms.
6.2
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, each dated Note shall be redeemed at its 
maturity redemption amount (the Maturity Redemption Amount, which shall be its principal amount 
or such other Maturity Redemption Amount as may be specified in or determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms) on the date or dates (or, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a 
floating rate of interest, on the date or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
6.3
The undated Notes are perpetual securities in respect of which there is no fixed redemption date and 
the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 and without prejudice to the provisions of

--- Page 71 ---
71
Condition 7) only have the right to redeem, substitute or purchase them, or vary their terms, in 
accordance with the following provisions of this Condition 6.
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
6.4
If, in relation to any Series of Notes, as a result of any change in the laws or regulations of the 
Netherlands or, with respect to (a) below only, the United States or of any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
such Notes (a) the Issuer or, if the Guarantee were called, the Guarantor, would be required to pay 
additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 or (b), in the case of Subordinated Notes, there is more 
than an insubstantial risk that Aegon would not obtain full or substantially full deductibility for the 
purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, or as the case may be, United States corporation tax for any 
payment of interest and the Issuer cannot avoid this risk or requirement by taking reasonable measures 
(each such event, a Tax Event) and the occurrence of a Tax Event is evidenced by the delivery by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a certificate signed by an authorised officer of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
stating that a Tax Event prevails and describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion of independent 
legal or tax advisers of recognised standing with respect of Dutch, or as the case may be, United States 
tax matters to the effect that a Tax Event prevails, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
may, at its option and having given no less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case 
of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, Holders of the Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem at such time or on such date or dates as specified in the Final Terms all (but not some only) of 
the outstanding Notes comprising the Series in relation to which such notice has been given, at their 
early tax redemption amount (the Early Redemption Amount (Tax)) which shall be their principal 
amount (or at such other Early Redemption Amount (Tax) as may be specified in or determined in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms).
Optional Early Redemption (Call)
6.5
If this Condition 6.5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer 
may, upon the expiry of the appropriate notice and subject to such conditions as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, redeem all (but not, unless and to the extent that the applicable Final Terms 
specifies otherwise, some only) of the Notes of the relevant Series at their call early redemption amount 
(the Early Redemption Amount (Call)), which shall be their principal amount or such other Early 
Redemption Amount (Call) as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms.
6.6
The appropriate notice referred to in Condition 6.5 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in 
accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), which notice shall be signed by a 
duly authorised officer of the Issuer and shall specify:
(a)
the Series of Notes subject to redemption;
(b)
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are to be redeemed;
(c)
the due date for such redemption (the Call Redemption Date) which shall be a Business Day (as 
defined in Condition 9C.03), which shall be not less than 15 days (or such lesser period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) after the date on which such notice is validly given and which 
is, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, a date upon which interest is payable; and
(d)
the Early Redemption Amount (Call) at which such Notes are to be redeemed.

--- Page 72 ---
72
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Call Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied 
(or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may 
be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Call Redemption Date, or by the Call Redemption Date so delayed.
Clean Up Call
6.7
Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Holders that it is exercising the Issuer Make-Whole Call 
set out in Condition 6.11 below, if this Condition 6.7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, then the Issuer may, upon the expiry of the appropriate notice and subject to such 
conditions as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, redeem all (but not only part) of the 
Notes of the relevant Series on any day at any time when the outstanding aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes of the relevant Series is equal to or less than the percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series is issued (the Clean 
Up Redemption Amount (Call)).
6.8
The appropriate notice referred to in Condition 6.7 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in 
accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), which notice shall be signed by a 
duly authorised officer of the Issuer and shall specify:
(a)
the Series of Notes subject to redemption;
(b)
the due date for such redemption (the Clean Up Call Redemption Date) which shall be a Business 
Day (as defined in Condition 9C.03), which shall be not less than 15 days (or such lesser period as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) after the date on which such notice is validly given 
and which is, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, a date upon which interest is 
payable; and
(c)
the Clean Up Redemption Amount (Call) at which such Notes are to be redeemed.
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Call Up Call Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall 
be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Clean Up Call Redemption Date, or by the Clean Up 
Call Redemption Date so delayed.
Partial Redemption
6.9
If the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 6.5:
(a)
in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be drawn individually 
by lot in such European city as the Fiscal Agent may specify, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, or, in either case identified in such other manner or in such other place as the Fiscal 
Agent may approve and deem appropriate and fair, subject always to compliance with all applicable

--- Page 73 ---
73
laws and the requirements of any competent listing authority and/or stock exchange on which the 
relevant Notes may be listed; and
(b)
in the case of Registered Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed (so far as may be practicable) pro rata to 
their principal amounts, subject always as aforesaid and provided always that the amount redeemed in 
respect of each Note shall be equal to the minimum denomination thereof or an integral multiple 
thereof.
Optional Early Redemption (Investor Put)
6.10
If this Condition 6.10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer 
shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of any Senior Note of the relevant Series, 
redeem such Senior Note on the date or the next of the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms 
at its put early redemption amount (the Early Redemption Amount (Put) which shall be its principal 
amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (Put) as may be specified in or determined in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms).
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 45 days before the date so specified (or 
such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), deposit the relevant Senior Note 
(together, in the case of an interest-bearing Definitive Note, with any unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto) with, in the case of a Bearer Note, any Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered Note, the 
Registrar together with a duly completed redemption notice in the form which is available from the 
specified office of any of the Paying Agents or, as the case may be, the Registrar.
Issuer Make-Whole Call
6.11
If this Condition 6.11 is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer 
may on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Holders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), which notice shall be irrevocable, 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a Make-Whole Redemption Date) 
redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes at any time from the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms until their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount. Any such 
notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in 
which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption Date 
may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer 
in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event 
that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole Redemption Date so 
delayed.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 6.9 shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 6.11. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.11:
Calculation Date means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 9C.03) prior to the Make-
Whole Redemption Date;
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means the sum of:

--- Page 74 ---
74
(a)
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then 
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes to maturity 
or, if a Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the first or immediately succeeding, 
as the case may be, Optional Redemption Date (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin; and
(b)
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date,
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation Agent 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms;
Make-Whole Redemption Margin means the margin specified as such specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;
Make-Whole Redemption Rate means the average of the number of quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business 
Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (CET));
Quotation Agent means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable Final Terms;
Reference Dealers means each of the banks, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, selected by 
the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;
Reference Security means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 
a.m. (CET) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and 
published in accordance with Condition 14; and 
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Notes.
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Reasons (Regulatory Call)
6.12
If this Condition 6.12 (Regulatory Call) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable 
and a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred, then, subject to Aegon having received the prior 
approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority if required pursuant to the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations, Aegon may having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Holders of Subordinated Notes (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), redeem, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, at such time or on such date 
or dates as specified in the Final Terms all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory) specified in the Final Terms together with any interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any Arrears 
of Interest (if applicable). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.12 Aegon shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Holders of the Subordinated Notes a

--- Page 75 ---
75
certificate signed by one or more members of the Executive Board of Aegon stating that a Capital 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing as of the date of such certificate. 
For the purposes of these Conditions,
Capital Disqualification Event means that as a result of any change in the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations (or an official application or interpretation of those rules and regulations) on or after the 
Issue Date, the Subordinated Notes cease, in whole or in part, to be capable of qualifying as at least 
the category of basic own funds (or any equivalent terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, on a Group basis, except where such non-
qualification is only as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital.
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes for Rating Reasons (Rating Call)
6.13
If this Condition 6.13 (Rating Call) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, if 
after the Issue Date Aegon, having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Holders of Subordinated Notes (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), determines that a Rating Methodology Event has occurred with respect to any 
Subordinated Note, Aegon may, subject to Aegon having received the prior approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority if required pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulations, at such time or on 
such date or dates as specified in the Final Terms, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated 
Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (Rating) specified in the Final Terms together with any interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and 
any Arrears of Interest (if applicable). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.13 Aegon shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Holders of the Subordinated Notes a 
certificate signed by one or more members of the Executive Board of Aegon stating that a Rating 
Methodology Event has occurred and is continuing as of the date of such certificate. 
For the purposes of these Conditions:
Rating Methodology Event will be deemed to occur upon a change in the methodology of a Rating 
Agency (or in the interpretation of such methodology) as a result of which the equity content 
previously assigned by such Rating Agency to the Subordinated Notes is, in the reasonable opinion of 
Aegon, materially reduced when compared to the equity content assigned by such Rating Agency at 
the Issue Date.
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's France SAS (or any of their 
affiliates) or any other rating agency that has assigned a solicited rating to Subordinated Notes at the 
Issue Date of any such Notes, or any successor.
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes for Accounting Reasons (Accounting Event)
6.14
If this Condition 6.14 (Accounting Event) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, if after the Issue Date Aegon, having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Holders of Subordinated Notes (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), determines that an Accounting Event has occurred with respect to any 
Subordinated Note, Aegon may, subject to Aegon having received the prior approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority if required pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulations, at such time or on 
such date or dates as specified in the Final Terms, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated 
Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event) specified in the Final Terms together with 
any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions and any Arrears of Interest (if applicable), provided, however, that no such notice of

--- Page 76 ---
76
redemption, exchange or variation shall be given more than 12 months following the occurrence of the 
relevant Accounting Event. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.14:
An Accounting Event is deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in the accounting 
principles under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) or a change in the interpretation 
of such accounting principles by Aegon’s auditors which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
but not otherwise, at any time the obligations of Aegon under the Notes must not, or must no longer, 
be recorded as a ‘financial liability’ pursuant to IFRS for the purposes of the consolidated financial 
statements of Aegon, as verified by an opinion of a recognised independent accounting firm.
Substitution and variation of the Subordinated Notes
6.15
If a Tax Event, a Capital Disqualification Event, a Rating Methodology Event or an Accounting Event 
has occurred and is continuing, then Aegon may (without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Holders of Subordinated Notes), subject to having satisfied the Fiscal Agent immediately prior 
to the giving of such notice referred to herein that the provisions of this Condition 6.15 have been 
complied with and having given not less than seven days' written notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Holders of the Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes for, or vary 
the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, Aegon shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.15, as the case may be. 
In addition, any substitution or variation is subject to (a) in respect of substitution only, all interest 
amounts, including Arrears of Interest, and any other amount payable under the Notes which in each 
case has accrued to Holders and has not been paid, being satisfied in full on or prior to the date thereof, 
(b) so long as Aegon is subject to Capital Adequacy Regulations, the prior approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority if required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations and compliance with the 
Capital Adequacy Regulations, (c) the substitution or variation not itself giving rise to a negative 
change in any published rating of the Subordinated Notes in effect at such time as confirmed in writing 
by any solicited rating organisations that have given such published rating of the Subordinated Notes 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, (d) the substitution or variation not triggering the 
right on the part of Aegon to redeem the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 6.4, 6.12 or 6.13 
and (e) certification by Aegon, represented by at least one member of the Executive Board, that the 
securities to be offered in substitution for the Subordinated Notes or the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes as so varied are "Qualifying Securities" in accordance with the definition set out below and that 
the conditions set out above have been complied with, which certificate shall be delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent prior to the substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes and upon which certificate the 
Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely absolutely without liability to any person.
In connection with any substitution or variation as described above, Aegon will comply with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes are then listed or 
admitted to trading.
As used herein, Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by Aegon that 
have terms that are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes (as reasonably determined by Aegon in consultation with an independent investment bank, 
consulting firm or comparable expert of international standing on the subject and provided that a 
certification to such effect of Aegon, represented by a duly authorised person, shall have been 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent prior to the issue of the relevant securities or them otherwise becoming 
obligations of Aegon), provided that such securities (1) contain terms such that they comply with the

--- Page 77 ---
77
then current requirements of the Relevant Supervisory Authority in relation to at least the same tier 
basic own funds (or any equivalent terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations) that 
the Subordinated Notes would be expected to fall under on or about the Issue Date, (2) include terms 
that provide for at least the same interest rate from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes, 
and (3) rank at least pari passu with the Subordinated Notes.
Purchase of Notes
6.16
The Issuer or the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price provided that, in the case of interest-bearing Definitive Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith.
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Notes
6.17
All unmatured Notes and Coupons redeemed or purchased in accordance with this Condition 6 may 
be held and resold by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries or may be surrendered for 
cancellation in all cases at the discretion of the Issuer or the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Subsidiary.
Redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes
6.18
Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed on or before the maturity date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or purchased by Aegon provided that (i) no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and 
is continuing on the relevant date for redemption or purchase, (ii) such redemption or purchase would 
not itself cause a Mandatory Deferral Event or (iii) no Insolvent Insurer Liquidation has occurred and 
is continuing on the relevant date for redemption or purchase, or in each case, as otherwise permitted 
by the Relevant Supervisory Authority and subject to Aegon having received the prior approval of the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority if required pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulations in order for 
the Subordinated Notes to qualify as regulatory capital. If on the relevant date for redemption or 
purchase (i) a Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing, (ii) a redemption or purchase 
would itself cause a Mandatory Deferral Event or (iii) an Insolvent Insurer Liquidation has occurred 
and is continuing, then the Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed or purchased on any day 
thereafter on which no Mandatory Deferral Event is continuing, the redemption would itself not cause 
a Mandatory Deferral Event and no Insolvent Insurer Liquidation is continuing.
Group Insurance Undertaking means an insurance undertaking or a reinsurance undertaking of the 
Group;
Insolvent Insurer Liquidation means a liquidation of any Group Insurance Undertaking that is not a 
Solvent Insurer Liquidation;
insurance undertaking means a direct life or non-life insurance undertaking that has received 
authorisation in accordance with Article 14 of the Solvency II Directive, as implemented in the 
relevant EU member state;
Policyholder Claims means claims of policyholders in a liquidation of a Group Insurance Undertaking 
to the extent that those claims relate to any debt to which the Group Insurance Undertaking is, or may 
become, liable to a policyholder pursuant to a contract of insurance; 
reinsurance undertaking means an undertaking that has received authorisation to pursue reinsurance 
activities in accordance with Article 14 of the Solvency II Directive, as implemented in the relevant 
EU member state; and

--- Page 78 ---
78
Solvent Insurer Liquidation means the liquidation of any Group Insurance Undertaking where 
Aegon has determined, acting reasonably, that all Policyholder Claims of the Group Insurance 
Undertaking will be met.
If a redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 6.4, 6.7, 6.12, 
6.13 or 6.16 is to occur within five years of the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes, any such 
redemption or purchase will only be made:
(i)
on the condition that the Subordinated Notes are exchanged for, or redeemed out of the 
proceeds of a new issue of capital of at least the same quality as the Subordinated Notes; or
(ii)
if:
(a)
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has confirmed to Aegon that it is satisfied that the 
Solvency Capital Requirement, after such redemption or purchase, will be exceeded 
by an appropriate margin, taking into account the solvency position of Aegon, 
including its medium-term capital management plan as provided in the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations; and
(b)
either:
(x)
there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
which would be likely to result in the exclusion thereof from own funds or a 
reclassification as a lower tier of own funds of Aegon, and both of the 
following conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Supervisory Authority 
considers such a change in regulatory classification to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) Aegon demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority that the change in regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance, or
(y)
there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes 
which Aegon demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority is material (including, but not limited to, a loss of deductibility of 
interest for tax purposes or a requirement to pay additional amounts as 
provided in Condition 8) and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
issuance,
in each case, if the Capital Adequacy Regulations make a purchase or redemption conditional 
thereon, and in each case, a certificate by Aegon, represented by at least one member of the 
Executive Board, to the Fiscal Agent confirming such compliance shall be conclusive 
evidence of such compliance and upon which certificate the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to 
rely absolutely without liability to any person. 
7.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
7.1
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following events or circumstances (each 
an Event of Default) shall be acceleration events in relation to:
(a)
Senior Notes of any Series:
(i)
Non-Payment: the Issuer is in default for any reason whatsoever for more than three 
days with respect to the payment of principal due on the Notes or for more than 14 
days with respect to the payment of interest due on the Notes and such default has not 
been remedied by the Guarantor making such payment; or

--- Page 79 ---
79
(ii)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor is in default in the 
performance of any other obligation under these Terms and Conditions or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantee and, if such default is capable of being remedied, such default 
has not been remedied within 30 days after written notification from the Holder of 
any Note requiring such default to be remedied shall have been given to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor; or
(iii)
Cross default: the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to repay within 30 days after its due 
date, or becomes liable to repay prematurely due to default, any other borrowings 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor has contracted or guaranteed or security granted 
therefor is enforced on behalf of or by the creditors entitled thereto if and insofar as 
such default or such enforcement is not caused by the fact that the Issuer or the 
Guarantor is prevented, directly or indirectly, by any government or other 
governmental body from fulfilling the relevant obligation, in each case except if the 
amount of such default or such enforcement is less than, in aggregate, an amount equal 
to 1 per cent. of the aggregate of (a) the Group's shareholders' equity and (b) any 
perpetual securities, perpetual cumulative subordinated bonds and trust pass-through 
securities, as set out in the consolidated balance sheets of the Group; or 
(iv)
Enforcement Proceedings: an executoriaal beslag (executory attachment) is made on 
any substantial part of the assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Insurance 
Subsidiary or a conservatoir beslag (interlocutory attachment) is made thereon and is 
not cancelled or withdrawn within 30 days after the making thereof or the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or any Insurance Subsidiary goes bankrupt, applies for suspension of 
payment or is wound up, save, in respect of Insurance Subsidiaries, for a voluntary 
solvent winding up where substantially the whole of the assets of such Insurance 
Subsidiary are transferred to another Subsidiary (which shall thereupon itself become 
an Insurance Subsidiary for the purposes of these Conditions and notice thereof shall 
forthwith be given by the Issuer or the Guarantor to the Holders of Notes) or the Issuer 
or the Guarantor or any Insurance Subsidiary offers a compromise to its creditors or 
negotiates with all its creditors another agreement relating to its payment difficulties, 
or such measures are officially decreed; or
(v)
Cessation of business: the Group shall cease to carry on substantially the whole of its 
business or shall dispose of substantially the whole of its assets; or
(vi)
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Netherlands has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to above;
(b)
Subordinated Notes of any Series: in the case of liquidation of Aegon. Liquidation may occur as a 
result of the winding-up of Aegon (vereffening na ontbinding), bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer 
or the suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) being applied to the Issuer or Resolution of 
the Issuer, if that constitutes a liquidation.
7.2
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, any Holder of a Note of the 
relevant Series may, by written notice to the Issuer or the Guarantor, at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent, declare that such Note and (if the Note is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on 
such Note shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable at its early termination amount (the Early Termination Amount which shall be its principal 
amount or such other Early Termination Amount as may be specified in or determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 80 ---
80
8.
TAXATION
8.1
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in 
respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee will be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of The Netherlands or the United States 
or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, unless previously redeemed in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts (in 
respect of Senior Notes only, relating to principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise, and in 
respect of Subordinated Notes only, relating to interest) as may be necessary in order that the net 
amounts receivable by the Holder of any Note or Coupon after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable by such Holder in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any 
payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment:
(a)
by or on behalf of, a Holder of a Note or Coupon who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of (i) they 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than 
the mere holding of such Note or Coupon or (ii) such Holder’s present or former status as a 
personal holding company, a foreign personal holding company or a controlled foreign 
corporation for United States tax purposes, a foreign private foundation or other foreign tax 
exempt organization or a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal 
income tax;
(b)
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant Holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the 
expiry of such period of 30 days;
(c)
in respect of any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, wealth, personal property or similar 
tax, assessment or other governmental charge;
(d)
in respect of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been 
imposed but for a failure to comply with any applicable certification, information, 
identification, documentation or other reporting requirements concerning the nationality, 
residence, identity or connection with the United States of the Holder or beneficial owner of a 
Note or Coupon if, without regard to any tax treaties, such compliance is required as a 
precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 
(e)
in respect of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed as a result of a 
person’s actual or constructive holding of 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting 
power of all classes of stock of the Issuer entitled to vote or as the result of the receipt of 
interest by a bank on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in 
the ordinary course of its trade or business;
(f)
by or on behalf of a Holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent; 
(g)
in respect of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed under Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Code), 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, and official interpretations thereof or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (FATCA); or

--- Page 81 ---
81
(h)
in respect of any tax imposed pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021).
8.2
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the Relevant Date means, in respect of any payment, 
the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent, or as the case may be, the Registrar on or prior to 
such due date, it means the first date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received 
and being available for payment to Holders of Notes and Coupons, notice to that effect shall have been 
duly given to the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14.
8.3
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to The 
Netherlands, references herein to The Netherlands shall be read and construed as references to The 
Netherlands and/or to such other jurisdiction. If AFC as Issuer becomes subject at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to the United States, references herein to the United States 
shall be read and construed as references to the United States and/or to such other jurisdiction.
8.4
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this 
Condition 8.
9.
PAYMENTS
9A 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
9A.01 This Condition 9(a) is applicable in relation to Notes issued by Aegon in bearer form. For the 
avoidance of doubt, AFC will not issue Notes in bearer form.
9A.02 Payment of amounts (other than interest) due in respect of Bearer Notes will be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes at the specified office of any of the Paying 
Agents.
9A.03 Payment of amounts in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made:
(i)
in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against presentation of the 
relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United States and, in the case 
of a Temporary Global Note, upon due certification as required therein;
(ii)
in the case of Definitive Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their initial 
delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Notes at the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United States; and
(iii)
in the case of Definitive Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the time of their 
initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons or, in the case of interest due 
otherwise than on a scheduled date for the payment of interest, against presentation of the 
relevant Definitive Notes, in either case at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents 
outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United States.
9A.04 Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on the Bearer Notes and exchanges of Talons 
for Coupon sheets in accordance with Condition 9A.07 will not be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in the United States unless (i) payment in full of amounts due in respect of interest on 
such Notes when due or, as the case may be, the exchange of Talons at all the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions and (ii) such payment or exchange is permitted by applicable United States

--- Page 82 ---
82
law. If paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the previous sentence apply, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further 
Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City.
9A.05 If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Bearer Note is not both a 
Relevant Financial Centre Day (as defined in Condition 9C.03 and a Local Banking Day (as defined 
in Condition 9C.03), then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day 
which is such a day and, thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by cheque on any local banking 
day, and will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on any day which is a local 
banking day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant designated 
account is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect 
of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 5C.
9A.06 Each Definitive Note initially delivered with Coupons attached thereto should be presented and 
surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto, failing which:
(i)
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates, the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupons (or, in the case of a payment not being made in full, that portion 
of the amount of such missing Coupon which the redemption amount paid bears to the total 
redemption amount due) (excluding, for this purpose, Talons) will be deducted from the 
amount otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being payable 
against surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents at 
any time within five years of the Relevant Date applicable to payment of such final redemption 
amount;
(ii)
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at, or at a margin above or below, a floating 
rate, all unmatured Coupons (excluding, for this purpose, but without prejudice to paragraph 
(iii) below, Talons) relating to such Definitive Notes (whether or not surrendered therewith) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them; and
(iii)
in the case of Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, all unmatured 
Talons (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no exchange for 
Coupons shall be made thereafter in respect of them.
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 9A.06 notwithstanding, if any Definitive Notes which 
bear interest at a fixed rate or rates should be issued with a maturity date and a fixed rate or fixed rates 
such that, on the presentation for payment of any such Definitive Note without any unmatured 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be 
deducted would be greater than the amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for 
redemption of any such Definitive Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall 
become void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon 
application of the provisions of paragraph (i) in respect of such Coupons as have not become void, the 
amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would not be greater than the amount otherwise due 
for payment. Where the application of the foregoing sentence requires some but not all of the 
unmatured Coupons relating to a Definitive Note to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, and shall select for such purpose Coupons 
maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates.
9A.07 In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after the 
due date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside (unless Condition 9A.04 applies) the United States in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (including any appropriate further Talon), subject to the provisions of Condition 10

--- Page 83 ---
83
below. Each Talon shall, for the purpose of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the due date for 
the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures.
9B
Payments – Registered Notes
9B.01 This Condition 9B is applicable in relation to Notes in registered form issued by either Aegon 
or AFC. 
9B.02 Payment of amounts (whether principal, redemption amount or otherwise and including accrued 
interest) due in respect of Registered Notes on the final redemption of Registered Notes will be made 
against presentation and, save in the case of partial payment of the amount due upon final redemption 
by reason of insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant Registered Notes at the specified office 
of the Registrar. If the due date for payment of the final redemption amount of any Registered Note is 
not both a Relevant Financial Centre Day (as defined in Condition 9C.03 and a Local Banking Day 
(as defined in Condition 9C.03, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until 
the next day which is such a day and, thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by cheque on any 
Local Banking Day, and will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on any day 
which is a Local Banking Day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant 
designated account is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due 
in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 
5C.
9B.03 Payment of amounts (whether principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) due (other 
than in respect of the final redemption of Registered Notes) in respect of Registered Notes will be paid 
to the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept 
by the Registrar as at the close of the business day (in the ICSD) before the due date for such payment 
(the Record Date).
9B.04 Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 9C.02, payment of amounts (whether principal, 
redemption amount, interest or otherwise) due (other than in respect of final redemption of Registered 
Notes) in respect of Registered Notes will be made by cheque and posted to the address (as recorded 
in the register held by the Registrar) of the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-
named) on the Relevant Banking Day (as defined in Condition 2.6) not later than the relevant date for 
payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, 
the first named) has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has acknowledged such application for 
payment to be made to a designated account in the relevant currency.
9C 
Payments – General Provisions
9C.01 Save as otherwise specified herein, this Condition 9C is applicable in relation to Notes whether 
in bearer or in registered form.
9C.02 Payments of amounts due (whether principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in 
respect of Notes will be made by (i) transfer to an account in the relevant currency specified by the 
payee or (ii) cheque. Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto.
9C.03 For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:

--- Page 84 ---
84
(i)
Business Day means a day:
(A)
in relation to Notes payable in euro, which is a TARGET 2 Business Day; and
(B)
in relation to Notes payable in any other currency, on which commercial banks are 
open for business and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Relevant 
Financial Centre in respect of the relevant Notes; and, in either case,
(C)
on which commercial banks are open for business and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in any place specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(ii)
Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;
(iii)
Relevant Financial Centre means such financial centre or centres as may be specified in 
relation to the relevant currency for the purposes of the definitions of Business Day in the 
ISDA Definitions;
(iv)
Relevant Financial Centre Day means, in the case of any currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Relevant 
Financial Centre and in any other place specified in the applicable Final Terms and in the case 
of payment in euro, a day which is a TARGET 2 Business Day;
(v)
Local Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for business in the place of presentation of the relevant Note or, as the case 
may be, Coupon;
(vi)
euro means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty;
(vii)
Euro-zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
(viii)
United States means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).
(ix)
TARGET 2 Business day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET 2) System is operating;
(x)
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended,
and, in the case of any of paragraphs (i) to (v) of this Condition 9C.03, as the same may be modified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
10.
PRESCRIPTION
10.1
Claims against Aegon as Issuer in respect of Bearer Notes, Coupons and in respect of interest will be 
prescribed unless made within five years after the due date for payment thereof.
10.2
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, there shall not be 
included in any Coupon sheet issued upon exchange of a Talon, any Coupon which would be void 
upon issue pursuant to Condition 9A.06 or the date for the payment of which would fall after the due 
date for the redemption of the relevant Note or which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10.
10.3
Claims against an Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of Registered Notes (other than in respect of the 
final redemption amount of Registered Notes) and in respect of interest will be prescribed unless made

--- Page 85 ---
85
within five years after the due date for payment. Claims against the Issuer in respect of the final 
redemption amount of Registered Notes will be prescribed unless made within five years after the due 
date for payment thereof.
11.
THE PAYING AGENTS AND THE REGISTRARS
11.1
The initial Paying Agents and Registrars and their respective offices are specified below. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent (including the Fiscal Agent) or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents 
or another Registrar provided that it will at all times maintain (a) a Fiscal Agent, (b) in the case of 
Registered Notes, a Registrar with a specified office in continental Europe, (c) a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in continental Europe, (d) so long as any Notes are 
listed on Euronext in Amsterdam and/or any other competent listing authority or stock exchange, a 
Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) and a Registrar each with a specified office in the 
Netherlands and/or in such other place as may be required by such other stock exchange and (e) in the 
circumstances described in Condition 9A.04, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
The Paying Agents and the Registrar reserve the right at any time to change their respective offices to 
some other specified office in the same city. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices 
of the Paying Agent or the Registrar will be given promptly by the Issuer and the Guarantor to the 
Holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 14.
11.2
The Paying Agents and Registrars act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and, save as 
provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder of any Note or Coupon and each of them shall only be 
responsible for the performance of the duties and obligations expressly imposed upon them in the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement or incidental thereto.
12.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such Paying Agent or Paying Agents as may be specified for 
such purpose in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons) or of the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Fiscal Agent, the relevant Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes and Coupons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be delivered therefor.
13.
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if 
incorporated herein) for convening both physical and virtual meetings of the Holders of Notes of any 
Series to consider any matter affecting their interest, including (without limitation) the modification 
by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) of these Terms 
and Conditions. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Holders of Notes of any 
Series will be binding on all Holders of the Notes of such Series, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all Holders of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series.
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Holders of Notes, Holders of 
Talons or Holders of Coupons, to:
(a)
any modification (except as mentioned in the paragraph above) of the Notes, the Talons, the Coupons 
or the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; or

--- Page 86 ---
86
(b)
any modification of the Notes, the Talons, the Coupons or the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders of Notes, Holders of Talons and Holders of 
Coupons and any such modification shall be notified to such Holders in accordance with Condition 14 
as soon as practicable thereafter.
14.
NOTICES
Notices to Holders may be given by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear Nederland or 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, except for so long as the Notes are listed on 
Euronext in Amsterdam and the rules of Euronext Amsterdam so require, by the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euronext Amsterdam and through a press release which will also be made available 
on the website of the Issuer (www.aegon.com). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication. Any notice delivered to Euroclear Nederland or Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the day 
on which such notice is so delivered.
15.
FURTHER ISSUES
The Issuer may, from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Notes create and issue 
further Notes, bonds or debentures having the same terms and conditions as such Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest, if any, on them and/or the denomination 
thereof) so as to form a single series with the Notes of any particular Series.
16.
CURRENCY INDEMNITY
The currency in which the Note is denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the Contractual Currency) is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums 
payable by the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of such Note, including damages. Any amount 
received or recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or of 
the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder of 
a Note or Coupon in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer or the Guarantor shall 
only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or the Guarantor to the extent of the amount in the Contractual 
Currency which such Holder is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other 
currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on 
that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that amount is less than the amount in 
the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder of a Note or Coupon in respect of such 
Note or Coupon the Issuer or the Guarantor shall indemnify such Holder against any loss sustained by 
such Holder as a result. In any event, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall indemnify each such Holder 
against any cost of making such purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute 
a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations or the Guarantor's other 
obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of 
any indulgence granted by any Holder of a Note or Coupon and shall continue in full force and effect 
despite any judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due in respect 
of the Notes or any judgment or order. Any such loss aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss 
suffered by the relevant Holder of a Note or Coupon.
17.
WAIVER AND REMEDIES
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder of any Note, any right 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any 
other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right where such rights would, but for such 
failure or delay, otherwise have existed. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to all other rights

--- Page 87 ---
87
provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights to take 
other action in the same, similar or other instances without such notice or demand.
18.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
18.1
The Notes, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection therewith, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of 
the Netherlands.
18.2
The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes that the 
courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, 
and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith (respectively, Proceedings and 
Disputes) and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts.
18.3
The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of The Netherlands shall not (and shall not be construed 
so as to) limit the right of the Holders of the Notes or any of them to take Proceedings in any other 
court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the 
extent permitted by applicable law.

--- Page 88 ---
88
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
FINAL TERMS
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the IDD) where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
3[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be
prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to
be "Applicable".
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 89 ---
89
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the 
Notes is not “[prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products]”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or [Excluded Investment Products]/[Specified 
Investment Products] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[Date]
[Aegon N.V./ Aegon Funding Company LLC]
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [O4QK7KMMK83ITNTHUG69 / KEIOKM01PSK5VZ5CCI74]
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
[Guaranteed by Aegon N.V.] under the US$ 6,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Debt 
Instruments
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)] [the Prospectus 
Regulation]) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors.]4
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 28 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitutes[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)] 
[the Prospectus Regulation] (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein which have been prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base 
Prospectus. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
and 
Final 
Terms 
have 
been 
published 
on 
https://www.aegon.com/investors/capital-liquidity/aegon-n.v/Debt-program-documentation/?page=1. 
The 
Base Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at Aegon N.V., Aegonplein 50, 2591 
TV The Hague, The Netherlands and www.aegon.com and copies may also be obtained from such address. 
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including [www.aegon.com], does not form 
a part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless specifically stated 
in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus. 
4 Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only be admitted
to trading on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors can have access.

--- Page 90 ---
90
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]
1.
(a)
Issuer:
[Aegon N.V./ Aegon Funding Company LLC]
(b)
[Guarantor:
[Aegon N.V.]]
2.
(a) Series Number:
[          ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[          ]
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 28 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[          ]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[          ]
(b)
Tranche:
[          ]
5.
Issue Price:
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
6.
(a) Specified Denominations:
(in the case of Registered Notes, this 
means the minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be made)
[          ]
(Note – Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) 
unless they are to be admitted to trading only on 
a regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access)

--- Page 91 ---
91
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].  No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination 
above 
[€199,000].") 5 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Notes which is to be represented on 
issue 
by 
a 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.
(b)
Calculation Amount:
[      ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If there is more than 
one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  N.B.: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
7.
(a) Issue Date:
[          ]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Issue Date]
[Not Applicable]
[specify]
[[specify] in respect of the [Fixed/Floating] Rate 
of interest and [specify] in respect of the 
[Floating/Fixed] Rate of interest] [if item 11 
(Change of Interest Basis) is applicable only. 
Include both the initial Interest Commencement 
Date and the date from which change of interest 
occurs]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes.)
8.
Maturity Date:
[Fixed rate - specify date/
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [specify month and year]/Undated 
Notes]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[EURIBOR] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Fixed Reset Rate]
(further particulars specified below)
5 Delete if notes being issued are in registered form.

--- Page 92 ---
92
10. Redemption/Payment Basis:
Redemption at par
11. Change of Interest Basis:
[Fixed Rate to Floating Rate]
[Floating Rate to Fixed Rate]
Change of interest basis from and including 
[insert date]
[Not Applicable]
12. Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put] (Senior Notes only)
[Issuer Call]
[Clean Up Call]
[Issuer Make-Whole Call]
[Regulatory Call]
[Rating Call]
[Accounting Event]
[(further particulars specified below under item 
19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24 and 25)]
[Not Applicable]
13. (a) Status of the Notes:
[Senior]
[[Dated/Undated 
(Perpetual)] 
Subordinated 
Notes ([Tier 2 Notes/Tier 3 Notes])] 
(b)
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:
[             ]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[[          ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.)
[          ] per Calculation Amount
(d)
Broken Amount(s):
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.)
[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ][Not 
Applicable]
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 93 ---
93
(f)
Determination Date(s):
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon
N.B.  Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
15. Fixed Reset Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Initial Interest Rate:
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[[          ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.)
[          ] per Calculation Amount
(d)
Broken Amount(s):
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.)
[[          ] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling in/on [     ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(f)
Determination Date(s):
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
(g)
First Reset Date:
[          ]
(h)
Second Reset Date:
[          ]/[Not Applicable]
(i)
Subsequent Reset Date(s):
[          ][and [          ]]/[Not Applicable]
(j)
Reset Determination Date:
[first/second/specify] 
Business 
Day 
immediately preceding the relevant Reset Date
(k)
Reset Determination Time:
[11.00 a.m. (Central European Time)/specify]
(l)
Reset Margin(s):
[+/-][        ] per cent. per annum
(m)
Mid-Swap Rate:
[          ]

--- Page 94 ---
94
(n)
Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen 
Page:
[          ]
(o)
Initial Mid-Swap Rate:
[          ] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n] 
annual/semi-annual basis)
16. Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[          ]
(b)
First Interest Payment Date:
[          ]
(c)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention]
(d)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[          ]
(e)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination]
(f)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal Agent):
[          ]
(g)
Screen Rate Determination:
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

Reference Rate:
 [         ] month [EURIBOR]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[          ]
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[          ]
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall-back 
provisions appropriately)
(h)
ISDA Determination:
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

Floating Rate Option:
[          ]

Designated Maturity:
[          ]

--- Page 95 ---
95

Reset Date:
[          ]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period)
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to 
ISDA Determination under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR 
which, 
depending 
on 
market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time)
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[          ] per cent. per annum
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[          ] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) [Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
30/360
30E/360
30E/360 (ISDA)
17. Deferral of Interest on Subordinated Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Payment of Arrears of Interest:
As set out in Conditions
(b)
Condition 5D(a) applies:
(Include for Tier 3 Notes only) 
[Yes/No]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18. Tax Call:
(a)
Redemption date or dates:
[          ]
(b)
Early Redemption Amount (Tax):
[          ] per Calculation Amount
19. Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[          ]
(b)
Early Redemption Amount (Call) 
and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):
[          ] per Calculation Amount
(c)
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 96 ---
96
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[          ]
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[          ]
(d)
Notice periods:
[Minimum 
period: 
[          ] 
days
Maximum period: [          ] days]/[As set out in 
Conditions]
(N.B. When setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent)
20. Clean Up Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[          ] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Percentage of aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding:
[          ]
(c)
Notice periods:
[Minimum 
period: 
[          ] 
days
Maximum period: [          ] days]/[As set out in 
Conditions]
21. Issuer Make-Whole Call
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
Date from which the Issuer Make-Whole Call 
may be exercised:
[●]
Notice period:
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of fifteen business 
days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may 
apply.)

--- Page 97 ---
97
Parties to be notified by Issuer of Make-Whole 
Redemption Date and Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount in addition to those set out in Condition 
6.11:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
Discounting basis for purposes of calculating 
sum of the present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
the Subordinated Notes in the determination of 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount:
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly]
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:
[●] 
Quotation Agent:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
Reference Dealers:
[give details]
Reference Security:
[give details]
22. Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[          ]
(b)
Early Redemption Amount (Put) of 
each Note:
[          ] per Calculation Amount
(c)
Notice periods:
[Minimum 
period: 
[          ] 
days
Maximum period: [          ] days]/[As set out in 
Conditions]
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent)
23. Regulatory Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Redemption date or dates:
[          ]
(b)
Category 
under 
the 
Capital 
Adequacy Regulations:
[Tier 2/Tier 3/specify]
(c)
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Regulatory) of each Note:
[          ] per Calculation Amount
24. Rating Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Redemption date or dates:
[          ]

--- Page 98 ---
98
(b)
Early Redemption Amount (Rating) 
of each Note:
[          ] per Calculation Amount
25. Accounting Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Redemption date or dates:
[          ]
(b)
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Accounting Event) of each Note:
[          ] per Calculation Amount
26. Maturity Redemption Amount of each Note:
[[        ] per Calculation Amount
27. Early Termination Amount of each Note:
[        ] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
28. Form of Notes:
(a)
[Form:] 
[Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 45 days' notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]]
[Registered Notes:
Global Note(s) registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depository for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 
4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005]6
6 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 99 ---
99
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable 
if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]." Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which 
is to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.)7 
(b)
[New Global Note:
[Yes][No]] 
29. Relevant Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place 
of payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub-paragraphs 16(d) relates)
30. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature):
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No]
RESPONSIBILITY
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer [and the Guarantor 
each] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]:
[Signed on behalf of [name of the Guarantor]:
By:
.............................................................
By:
...............................................................
Duly authorised
Duly authorised]
7 Delete if the notes being issued are in registered form.

--- Page 100 ---
100
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING
(i)
Listing and Admission to 
trading
(i) Application for admission to trading has been made 
to: [       ]
(ii) Date from which admission is expected to be 
effective: [       ]
(iii) Fungible instruments of the same Series admitted to 
trading on: [       ]
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading:
[       ]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert credit rating agency 
full legal name(s)] and associated defined terms]. 
[[Each of] [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).]
[The rating [defined terms] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).]
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).]
[[insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom]
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme

--- Page 101 ---
101
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests].
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus /Give 
details]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in 
the Base Prospectus, give details)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[     ] 
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[     ]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN Code:
[     ]
(ii)
Common Code:
[     ]
(iii)
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(iv)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and 
Euroclear Nederland and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 102 ---
102
(vi)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(vii)
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[     ]
(viii)
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 14:
Any notice delivered to Holders through the clearing 
systems will be deemed to have been given on the 
[second] [business] day after the day on which it was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
[(ix)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under the 
new safekeeping structure (NSS),] [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS)] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to be 
held under the NSS]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]
7. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any):
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 103 ---
103
(iv)
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA C 
(or, with respect to TEFRA D or TEFRA C, any 
successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, 
without limitation, regulations issued in accordance 
with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010)/TEFRA not 
applicable]]
(vi)
Prohibition of sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii)
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 104 ---
104
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used by the relevant Issuer for general corporate 
purposes.

--- Page 105 ---
105
DESCRIPTION OF AEGON N.V.
Aegon N.V., incorporated and domiciled in the Netherlands, is a public limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap) organised under Dutch law and recorded in the Commercial Register of The Hague registered 
under number 27076669. Aegon has its statutory seat in The Hague, the Netherlands and its registered office 
is at Aegonplein 50, 2591 TV The Hague, The Netherlands and the telephone number of this office is +31 (70) 
344 8305. Aegon was formed in 1983 through the merger between two Dutch insurance companies, AGO and 
Ennia, both of which were successors to insurance companies founded in the 1800s. 
Aegon, through its member companies that are collectively referred to as Aegon or the Aegon Group, is a 
diversified financial services group, focused on providing investment, protection, and retirement solutions. 
Aegon is headquartered in the Netherlands and employs, through its subsidiaries, about 22,200 people 
worldwide. Aegon´s common shares are listed on stock exchanges in Amsterdam (Euronext) on which they 
trade under the symbol “AGN” and New York (NYSE) under the symbol “AEG”. 
The main operating units of the Aegon Group are separate legal entities organised under the laws of their 
respective countries. The shares of those legal entities are directly or indirectly held by three intermediate 
holding companies incorporated under Dutch law: Aegon Europe Holding B.V., the holding company for all 
European activities; Aegon International B.V., which primarily serves as a holding company for the Aegon 
Group companies of all non-European countries; and Aegon Asset Management Holding B.V., the holding 
company for most of its asset management entities.
Aegon operates businesses in the Americas, Europe, and Asia, and serves millions of customers. Aegon’s main 
global brands are Aegon and Transamerica. Its strategy focuses on three core markets (the United States, the 
Netherlands, and the United Kingdom), three growth markets, (China, Brazil and Spain and Portugal), and one 
global asset manager.
For a detailed description of Aegon’s business and business model reference is made to Aegon’s Integrated 
Annual Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.
Composition of Aegon N.V.’s Boards 
Executive Board
The Executive Board (Executive Board) is charged with the management of Aegon. Each member of the 
board has duties related to his or her specific areas of expertise. The number of Executive Board members and 
the terms of their engagement agreement are determined by Aegon´s Supervisory Board. Executive Board 
members are appointed by the general meeting of shareholders following nomination by the Supervisory 
Board.
Lard Friese, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) (1962, Nationality: Dutch), has worked most of his professional 
career in the insurance industry, including ten years at Aegon between 1993 and 2003. He was employed by 
ING as from 2008, where he held various positions. In July 2014, upon the settlement of the initial public 
offering of NN Group N.V., he became the CEO of NN Group. During his tenure at NN Group, he led a wide 
range of businesses in Europe and Asia and created a stable platform for growth and shareholder value. Mr. 
Friese was appointed as member of the Executive Board for a term of four years at the AGM of 15 May 2020. 
Mr. Friese is Chairman of Aegon's Executive Board and Management Board. Mr. Friese has held no other 
external board memberships in the past five years.
Matthew J. Rider, CFO (1963, Nationality: American) began his career at Banner Life Insurance Company 
and held various management positions at Transamerica, Merrill Lynch Insurance Group, and ING before 
joining Aegon. From 2010 to 2013, he was Chief Administration Officer and a member of the Management 
Board at ING Insurance, based in the Netherlands. In this role he was responsible for all of ING's insurance 
and asset management operations, and specifically for Finance and Risk Management. Mr. Rider joined Aegon

--- Page 106 ---
106
on 1 January 2017 and was appointed as CFO and member of the Executive Board of Aegon at the annual 
general meeting of shareholders of Aegon N.V. of 19 May 2017. His current term of office will end in 2025. 
Mr. Rider has held no other external board memberships in the past five years.
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest with respect to the members of the Executive 
Board between their duties to Aegon and their private interests and/or other duties, except for their positions 
as members of the Executive Committee of Vereniging Aegon, as described immediately below.
Aegon’s Code of Conduct addresses conflicts of interest that may occur between Aegon and its employees, 
including the members of the Executive Board. More detailed regulations regarding conflicts of interest 
between members of the Executive Board and Aegon are included in the Executive Board Charter. A conflict 
of interest may exist if Aegon intends to enter into a transaction with a legal entity (a) in which an Executive 
Board member personally has a material financial interest; or (b) which has a management board member or 
a supervisory board member who has a relationship with an Executive Board member of Aegon. Any 
transactions in which there are conflicts of interest shall be agreed on terms customary in the industry and are 
published in the Integrated Annual Report 2021. 
Under the provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, the membership of Messrs. Friese and Rider 
on the Executive Committee of Vereniging Aegon may give rise to conflicts of interest. Vereniging Aegon is 
a major shareholder of Aegon. The purpose of Vereniging Aegon is a balanced representation of the direct and 
indirect interests of Aegon and of companies with which Aegon forms a group, of insured parties, employees, 
shareholders, and other related parties of these companies. Influences that threaten the continuity, 
independence, or identity of Aegon, in conflict with the aforementioned interests will be resisted as much as 
possible. Although the purpose of Vereniging Aegon is to a large extent aligned with the fiduciary duties of 
Messrs. Friese and Rider as members of the Executive Board of Aegon, it cannot be ruled out that potential 
conflicts of interest may arise between their duties to Aegon and their duties to Vereniging Aegon. However, 
the articles of association of Vereniging Aegon provide that Messrs. Friese and Rider are excluded from voting 
on certain issues relating directly to Aegon (including the adoption of annual accounts, discharge of members 
of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board, Executive Board remuneration policy and appointments to the 
Executive Board and Supervisory Board of Aegon). 
In addition, the Aegon N.V. Executive Board Charter, stipulates that members of the Executive Board may not 
deliberate or resolve on behalf of Aegon with respect to transactions with Vereniging Aegon, if those 
transactions qualify as price sensitive information  (as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation). In that case 
the Aegon’s Supervisory Board will take over the role of the Executive Board and will deliberate and take the 
necessary resolutions on behalf of Aegon N.V. The Supervisory Board of Aegon is confident that by adhering 
to the Code of Conduct and the Executive Board Charter the potential conflicts of interest with Vereniging 
Aegon are adequately dealt with and that the best practice provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
have been complied with in all material respects. 
Management Board 
Aegon’s Executive Board is assisted in its work by the Management Board (Management Board). Besides 
the members of the Executive Board, the Management Board consists of the following members:
Elisabetta Caldera (1970, Nationality: Italian) started her career in human resources in 1994 at Foster 
Wheeler and later moved to ABB Alstom. In 2004 she joined Vodafone Italy where she was appointed Human 
Resources Organisation Director and member of the Management Board of Vodafone Italy. Ms. Caldera 
moved to Vodafone Group in the UK as Human Resources Director for the global technology function, and 
was appointed in 2018 as HR director for Europe Cluster & Egypt. Ms. Caldera joined Aegon as of 1 June 
2021 as Chief HR Officer and member of Aegon's Management Board. Ms. Caldera is a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Falck Renewable Spa since 2014. Ms. Caldera held no other external board memberships 
in the past five years.

--- Page 107 ---
107
Will Fuller (1970, Nationality: American) has almost 30 years of experience in financial services, including 
life insurance, annuities, retirement plans and wealth management. Prior to joining Aegon, Mr. Fuller served 
as Executive Vice President of Lincoln Financial Group. His previous experience also includes Merrill Lynch, 
where he was responsible for product and distribution for wealth management in the Americas. Mr. Fuller was 
appointed as a member of Aegon's Management Board in March 2021. He formerly served as a board member 
of LL Global, Inc. (LIMRA/LOMA), Forum for Investor Advice, Money Management Institute, and Insured 
Retirement Institute. Ms. Fuller held no other external board memberships in the past five years.
Mike Holliday-Williams (1970, Nationality: British) started his career with WHSmith in 1991 as a graduate 
trainee, working as a retail manager in many UK stores and in business development. In 1997 he joined 
Centrica where he had several general management and marketing roles in British Gas, before becoming the 
Residential & Marketing Director of Centrica Telecoms/One.Tel in 2004. In 2006 Mr Holliday-Williams 
joined RSA, becoming the UK Managing Director of personal lines in 2008, responsible for MORE THAN, 
partnerships and the broker businesses. In 2011 he moved to Copenhagen to become the CEO of RSA Group’s 
Scandinavian businesses, Codan A/S and Trygg-Hansa. He also became a member of the RSA Group 
Executive. In 2014, he moved to Direct Line Group to become managing director of the personal lines business, 
joining the Board of DLG in Feb 2017. Mr. Holliday-Williams joined Aegon UK in October 2019, to take over 
as CEO. He is a member of Aegon’s Management Board since March 2020. Mr. Holliday-Williams has held 
no other external board memberships in the past five years.
Astrid O.M. Jäkel, (1977, Nationality: German), formerly a partner with management consultancy firm Oliver 
Wyman in its European insurance and asset management practice, where she started her career in 2003 . She 
was co-leader of Oliver Wyman’s European insurance financial effectiveness team. Ms. Jäkel served on the 
board of Oliver Wyman’s Swiss subsidiary, Oliver Wyman AG (not listed) from 2017 to 2022. She joined 
Aegon as Chief Risk Officer and became member of its Management Board in March 2022. Ms. Jäkel has held 
no other external board memberships in the past five years. 
Allegra C.C. van Hövell-Patrizi, (1974, Nationality: Italian and Belgian), began her career in 1996 at 
McKinsey & Company, specialising in financial institutions. After several years as a partner there, she joined 
F&C Asset Management in 2007 as a member of the management committee. In 2009, she joined Prudential 
plc where she became part of the CEO office and then later became Group Risk Director, and a member of the 
Group Executive Risk Committee, as well as the PUSL Board (within the Prudential plc group). Ms. Van 
Hövell-Patrizi joined Aegon at the end of 2015. She was appointed Chief Risk Officer of Aegon N.V. and a 
member of Aegon’s Management Board in January 2016. On 17 June 2021, she was appointed CEO of Aegon 
The Netherlands. Ms. Van Hövell-Patrizi is a former member of the Supervisory Board of LeasePlan 
Corporation N.V. (not listed). She has held no other external board memberships in the past five years.
Marco B.A. Keim, (1962, Nationality: Dutch), began his career with accountants’ firm Coopers & Lybrand / 
Van Dien, before moving to the aircraft maker Fokker Aircraft and NS Reizigers, part of the Dutch railway 
company, NS Group. In 1999, he joined Swiss Life in the Netherlands as a member of the board, and was 
appointed CEO three years later. Mr. Keim was appointed CEO of Aegon the Netherlands and member of 
Aegon’s Management Board in June 2008. From 2017 to 2020, Mr. Keim headed Aegon’s operations on 
mainland Europe. Since January 2020, Mr. Keim has been responsible for Aegon’s business in southern and 
eastern Europe as well as Asia. Mr. Keim is a former member of the Supervisory Board of Eneco Holding 
N.V. (not listed). Mr. Keim has held no other external board memberships in the past five years.
J. Onno van Klinken, (1969, Nationality: Dutch), has over 25 years' experience providing legal advice to a 
range of companies and leading executive board offices. Mr. Van Klinken started his career at Allen & Overy 
LLP, and previously worked for Aegon between 2002 and 2006. He then served as Corporate Secretary for 
Royal Numico before it was acquired by Groupe Danone. His next position was as General Counsel for the 
Dutch global mail and express group TNT, where he served from 2008 until the legal demerger of the group 
in 2011. This was followed by General Counsel positions at D.E. Master Blenders 1753 and Corio N.V.. Mr. 
Van Klinken rejoined Aegon in 2014 as General Counsel responsible for Group Legal, Regulatory

--- Page 108 ---
108
Compliance, the Executive Board Office and Government and Policy Affairs. Mr. Van Klinken has been a 
member of Aegon’s Management Board since August 2016. Mr. Van Klinken was appointed member of the 
board of Stichting Continuïteit SBM Offshore in 2016. He has not held any other external board memberships 
in the past five years.
Bas NieuweWeme, (1972, Nationality: Dutch), was appointed Global CEO of Aegon Asset Management and 
Member of the Aegon N.V. Management Board in June 2019. Having obtained a Master of Laws in 2000 and 
an executive MBA in 2007, Mr. NieuweWeme has worked in global investment management for 20 years. 
The majority of this time was spent in various management positions within ING Investment Management 
Americas and Voya Investment Management. In 2016, he was named Global Head of the Client Advisory 
Group and a member of the management team at PGIM Fixed Income and Global Head of the Institutional 
Relationship Group at PGIM, Prudential Financial's global investment management business. He serves as 
vice-chairman of the supervisory board of La Banque Postal Asset Management and is a member of the 
Executive Board of Aegon Industrial Fund Management Co., Ltd (China). He is also a member of the the board 
of directors of The Netherlands-America Foundation (NAF) and a member of the Leadership Council of 
AmeriCares, a non-profit disaster relief and global health organization. Mr. NieuweWeme has held no other 
external board memberships in the past five years.
Duncan Russell (1978, Nationality: British) has worked most of his professional career in the financial 
services sector, lastly as CFO and board member at Admiral Financial Services, the financial services 
subsidiary of Admiral Group, responsible for finance, analytics, funding, credit risk and pricing. Before joining 
Admiral Group, Mr. Russell was Head of Group Strategy and Corporate Finance at NN Group N.V., the 
Netherlands, where he was responsible for capital management, treasury, M&A, and the group's strategy. 
Before joining NN Group N.V., Mr. Russell held various positions at financial services groups in London. Mr. 
Russell was appointed Chief Transformation Officer and member of the Management Board of Aegon N.V. 
on 1 September 2020. Mr. Russell has held no other external board memberships in the past five years.
Deborah Waters, (1968, Nationality: American) began her career at aerospace group Lockheed Martin in 
1989 before moving to software consultancy group Seer Technologies. In 1995, she joined Citigroup Inc., 
where she held various technology leadership positions in the intervening years. Most recently she served for 
over five years as Citi’s Global Head of Private Bank Operations and Technology. Additionally, Ms. Waters 
was the Head of Inclusion and Diversity for Citi’s Institutional Client Group Operations and Technology. She 
was appointed as Global Chief Technology Officer and member of the Management Board of Aegon N.V., 
effective 7 February 2022.  Ms. Waters has held no other external board memberships in the past five years. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the members of the Management Board between 
their duties to Aegon and their private interests and/or other duties.
Supervisory Board
Aegon´s Supervisory Board (Supervisory Board) oversees the management of the Executive Board as well 
as the overall course of Aegon’s business and corporate strategy and shall take into account the relevant 
interests of Aegon´s stakeholders. The Supervisory Board operates according to the principles of collective 
responsibility and accountability. The Supervisory Board may also assist the Executive Board by offering 
advice. Members are appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders upon nomination by the Supervisory 
Board.
William L. Connelly, Chairman (1958, Nationality: French) started his career at Chase Manhattan Bank, 
fulfilling senior roles in commercial and investment banking in France, the Netherlands, Spain, the United 
Kingdom and the United States. He was appointed to Aegon's Supervisory Board in 2017 and became 
Chairman in May 2018 and his current term ends in 2025. He is also chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Nomination and Governance Committee and member of the Supervisory Board Remuneration Committee. Mr. 
Connelly is also an independent director on the board of directors of Société Générale, an independent director 
on the board of directors of Singular Bank S.A. (formerly known as Self Trade Bank S.A., not listed) and

--- Page 109 ---
109
Chairman of the board of directors of Amadeus IT Group S.A. Mr. Connelly held no other board memberships 
in the past five years.
Mark A. Ellman, (1957, Nationality: American) is a former Vice Chairman Global Origination of Bank of 
America/Merrill Lynch. Before joining Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, he held various roles in the US 
insurance industry. These mostly entailed working in corporate finance at large US financial institutions, where 
he was engaged in M&A advice and transactions, together with equity and debt raisings for insurance 
companies. He was a Managing Director and Co-Head of the Global Financial Institutions Group of Credit 
Suisse First Boston, and a founding partner of Barrett Ellman Stoddard Capital Partners. Mr. Ellman was 
appointed to Aegon's Supervisory Board in 2017, and his current term ends in 2025. He is a member of the 
Supervisory Board Risk Committee and the Supervisory Board Nomination and Governance Committee. Mr. 
Ellman was a non-executive director of Aegon USA from 2012 to 2017. Mr. Ellman has held no other board 
memberships in the past five years.
Karen Fawcett, (1962, Nationality: British) is former CEO Retail, Brand, and Marketing for Standard 
Chartered Bank. Prior to her career in banking, Ms. Fawcett was a partner with Booz Allen Hamilton, where 
she advised financial institutions on a wide range of strategic, technological, and operational / digital 
transformations. She was appointed to Aegon’s Supervisory Board in June 2022, and her current term ends in 
2026. Ms. Fawcett is member of Supervisory Board Remuneration Committee and a member of the 
Supervisory Board Risk Committee. She is member of the Private Bank Foundation Board of LGT (not listed), 
non-executive director at INSEAD (not listed), non-executive director at Temus Pte. Ltd. (not listed), non-
executive director at Global Evergreening Alliance (not listed) and non-executive director at BetterTradeOff 
Pte. Ltd. (not listed).  Ms. Fawcett has held no other board memberships in the past five years.
John (Jack) F. McGarry, (1958, Nationality: American) is a former actuary who spent the majority of his 
career at Unum Group, a NYSE-listed provider of workplace financial protection benefits. He has held various 
leadership roles in risk management, in finance, as CEO of Unum’s business in the United Kingdom, and CEO 
of Unum’s Closed Block. His last position at Unum was as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. McGarry was 
appointed to Aegon’s Supervisory Board in June, 2021, and his current term ends in 2025. Mr. McGarry is 
member of the Audit Committee and member of the Remuneration Committee. Mr McGarry held no other 
board memberships in the past five years. 
Ben J. Noteboom, (1958, Nationality: Dutch) worked for Randstad Holding N.V. from 1993 until 2014, where 
he was appointed member of the Executive Committee in 2001 and became CEO in 2003. Before joining 
Randstad, Mr. Noteboom worked for Dow Chemical in several international management functions between 
1984 and 1993. He started his career in 1982 at Zurel as management assistant. He was appointed to Aegon’s 
Supervisory Board in May 2015, and his current term ends in 2023. He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Remuneration Committee and a member of the Supervisory Board Risk Committee. Mr. Noteboom is also 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Royal Vopak N.V. In addition, Mr. Noteboom is a member of the board 
of directors of VUmc Cancer Center Amsterdam and the Chairman of Stichting Prioriteit Ordina Groep. Mr. 
Noteboom is a former member of the Supervisory Board of Wolters Kluwer N.V. and Royal Ahold Delhaize 
N.V. He has held no other board memberships in the past five years.
Caroline Ramsay, (1962, Nationality: British) gained a master's degree in natural sciences in 1984 at the 
University of Cambridge. She started her professional career at KPMG in Ipswich and London, where she 
qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1987. Mrs. Ramsay worked in executive roles at Norwich Union plc 
(now Aviva plc) and RSA. Mrs. Ramsay holds various non-executive board positions. In 2013, she joined the 
board of Scottish Equitable – and as of 2017 also the boards of Aegon UK plc and Cofunds Ltd. – where she 
served as the Audit Committee Chair until 14 May 2020. Mrs. Ramsay was appointed to Aegon's Supervisory 
Board in May 2020 and her current term ends in 2024. She is Chair of the Supervisory Board Audit Committee 
and a member of the Supervisory Board Risk Committee. Mrs. Ramsay is a senior independent director of the 
board of Brit Syndicates Ltd (not-listed), a member of the Board of Directors of Aberdeen UK Smaller 
Companies Growth Trust Plc, a member of the Board of Directors of Tesco Underwriting Ltd. (not-listed), and 
the Chair of the Audit Committee of Ardonagh Specialty. Mrs. Ramsay is a member of the FCA Regulatory

--- Page 110 ---
110
Decisions Committee and member of the Payment Systems Regulator's Enforcement Decisions Committee. 
She has held no other board memberships in the past five years.
Thomas Wellauer, (1956, Nationality: Swiss) started his professional career at McKinsey & Company, where 
he served as senior partner and practice leader. He held various executive management positions at multi-
industries, including financial services, pharmaceuticals and chemicals. Among others, he served on the 
executive committees of Winterthur Insurance, Credit Suisse, Swiss Re, and Novartis. His most recent position 
from 2010 to 2019 was Group Chief Operating Officer of Swiss Re. During his career, Mr. Wellauer also 
served as independent director on the boards of several global companies such as Munich Re and Syngenta. 
Mr. Wellauer was appointed to Aegon's Supervisory Board in May 2020 and his current term ends in 2024. 
He is a member of the Supervisory Board Audit Committee and a member of the Supervisory Board 
Remuneration Committee. Mr. Wellauer is Chairman of the board of directors of SIX Group (not-listed). In 
addition, he serves as Chairman of the board of trustees of the University Hospital Zurich Foundation and 
Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce in Switzerland. He has held no other board memberships 
in the past five years
Corien M. Wortmann-Kool, Vice-Chairman (1959, Nationality: Dutch) is Chair of the Board of Stichting 
Pensioenfonds ABP, the Dutch public sector collective pension fund. Ms. Wortmann-Kool is a former member 
of the European Parliament and vice president on Financial, Economic and Environmental affairs for the EPP 
Group (European People's Party). She was appointed to Aegon's Supervisory Board in May 2014, and her 
current term ends in 2026. She is vice chair of the Supervisory Board, and a member of the Supervisory Board 
Audit Committee and the Supervisory Board Nomination and Governance Committee. Ms. Wortmann-Kool 
is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Royal DSM N.V. and member of De Autoriteit Financiële 
Markten Capital Markets Advisory Committee. She was vice president of the European People's Party until 
March 2018 and member of the Advisory Council of the Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek until June 2018 
and a former member of the Supervisory Board of Het Kadaster until March 2021. Furthermore, she was the 
Chair of the Board of Trustees of Save the Children Netherlands until January 2022. She has held no other 
board memberships in the past five years.
Dona D. Young, (1954, Nationality: American) is an executive/board consultant and retired Chairman, 
President and CEO of The Phoenix Companies, which was an insurance and asset management company at 
the time of her tenure. She was appointed to Aegon's Supervisory Board in 2013, and her current term will end 
in 2023. She is chair of the Supervisory Board Risk Committee and member of the Supervisory Board 
Nomination and Governance Committee. Ms. Young is member and Lead Director of the board of directors 
of Foot Locker, Inc and serves as an independent member of the Advisory Board of Spahn and Rose (not 
listed) and as a member of the board of directors of USAA (not listed). Furthermore, Ms. Young is a member 
of the audit committee of the board of trustees of Save the Children US (not listed), and member of the board 
of Save the Children International and Save the Children Association, and a member of the board of the 
National Association of Corporate Directors. Ms. Young has held no other board memberships in the past five 
years.
There are no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the members of the Supervisory Board between their 
duties to Aegon and their private interests and/or other duties.
The members of the Executive Board, Management Board and Supervisory Board have their business address 
at Aegon N.V., Aegonplein 50, 2591 TV, The Hague, The Netherlands.
Legal and arbitration proceedings, regulatory investigations and actions
Aegon faces significant risks of litigation as well as regulatory exams and investigations and actions relating 
to its and its subsidiaries’ businesses. Aegon is also subject to compliance with regulations applicable to it as 
a corporate entity.

--- Page 111 ---
111
Due to the geographic spread of its business, Aegon Group may be subject to tax audits or litigation in various 
jurisdictions. Although uncertainties are provided for adequately in the tax position, the ultimate outcome of 
tax audits or litigation may result in an outcome that differs from the amounts provided for.
Insurance companies and their affiliated regulated entities are routinely subject to litigation, investigation and 
regulatory activity by various governmental and enforcement authorities, individual claimants and 
policyholder advocate groups in the jurisdictions in which Aegon does business, including the United States, 
the Netherlands, Poland and the United Kingdom. These actions may involve issues including, but not limited 
to, employment or distribution relationships; operational and internal controls and processes; investment 
returns; sales practices; transparency and adequacy of product disclosures including regarding initial costs, 
ongoing costs, and costs due on policy surrender as well as changes to costs over time; environmental and 
climate change related matters; competition and antitrust matters; data privacy; information security; 
intellectual property; anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and economic sanctions compliance.
Government and regulatory investigations may result in the institution of administrative, injunctive or other 
proceedings and/or the imposition of monetary fines, penalties and/or disgorgement as well as other remedies, 
sanctions, damages and restitutionary amounts. Regulators may also seek changes to the way Aegon operates. 
In some cases, Aegon subsidiaries have modified business practices in response to inquiries.
Customers of certain Aegon products bear significant investment risks with respect to those products, which 
are affected by fluctuations in equity markets as well as interest rate movements. When investment returns 
disappoint, are volatile or change due to changes in the market or other relevant conditions, customers may 
threaten or bring litigation against Aegon. Disputes and investigations initiated by governmental entities and 
private parties may lead to orders or settlements including payments or changes to business practices even if 
Aegon believes the underlying claims are without merit.
The existence of potential claims may remain unknown for long periods of time after the events giving rise to 
such claims. Determining the likelihood of exposure to Aegon and the extent of any such exposure may not be 
possible for long periods of time after Aegon becomes aware of such potential claims. Litigation exposure may 
develop over long periods of time; once litigation is initiated, it may be protracted and subject to multiple 
levels of appeal, which can lead to significant costs of defense, adverse publicity and other constraints.
In some jurisdictions, plaintiffs may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts under claims of bad 
faith, which can result in tort, punitive and/or statutory damages. Damages alleged may not be quantifiable or 
supportable, or may have no relationship to economic losses or final awards. As a result, Aegon cannot predict 
the effect of litigation, investigations or other actions on its business.
Separate from financial loss, litigation, regulatory action, legislative changes or changes in public opinion may 
require Aegon to change its business practices, which could have a material adverse impact on Aegon’s 
businesses, results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
Several US insurers, including Aegon subsidiaries, have been named in class actions as well as individual 
litigation relating to increases in monthly deduction rates (MDR) on universal life products. Plaintiffs generally 
allege that the increases were made to recoup past losses rather than to cover the future costs of providing 
insurance coverage. Aegon's subsidiary in the US has settled two such class actions that had been venued in 
the US District Court for the Central District of California. The settlement in the first of these cases, approved 
in January 2019, arose from increases implemented in 2015-2016. Over 99 per cent. of affected policyholders 
participated in that settlement. While less than 1 per cent.  of policyholders opted out of the settlement, they 
represented approximately 43 per cent.  of the value of the settlement fund. In a second case, Aegon’s 
subsidiary agreed to settle a class action lawsuit arising out of MDR increases in 2017 and 2018. The court 
approved that settlement in September 2020. Opt-outs in this case represented less than 7 per cent.  of the value 
of the settlement fund. The settlement fund was reduced proportionally for opt outs. In 2021, settlements were 
reached with some of the opt-out parties from both settled class actions. The remaining opt-out cases and 
disputes are ongoing, and Aegon continues to hold a provision for the remaining opt-outs from the settlements

--- Page 112 ---
112
that were approved by the court in 2019 and 2020. If this provision for these cases proves to be insufficient, 
then these matters could have an adverse effect on Aegon's business, results of operations, and financial 
position.
Transamerica subsidiaries may face employment-related lawsuits from time to time. For example, several 
Transamerica subsidiaries are defendants in a class action alleging that the business model at issue improperly 
characterises distributors as independent contractors instead of employees. Depending on the outcome, these 
lawsuits, along with similar claims against Transamerica subsidiaries and other companies and regulatory 
action could result in significant settlements or judgments, and could necessitate a change in the distribution 
model, which would be costly and could have a material impact on the financial results for that part of the 
Transamerica business.
A former subsidiary of Transamerica Corporation was involved in a contractual dispute with a Nigerian travel 
broker that arose in 1976. That dispute was resolved in Delaware court for USD 235,000 plus interest in 2010. 
The plaintiff took the Delaware judgment relating to the 1976 dispute to a Nigerian court and alleged that it 
was entitled to approximately the same damages for 1977 through 1984 despite the absence of any contract 
relating to those years. The Nigerian trial court issued a judgment in favour of the plaintiff of the alleged actual 
damages as well as pre-judgment interest of approximately USD 120 million. On appeal this decision was 
reversed on procedural grounds and remanded back to the trial court which ruled to dismiss the case; however, 
the plaintiff appealed the trial court’s ruling. The appeal is still pending. Aegon has no material assets located 
in Nigeria.
In Poland, owners of unit-linked policies continue to file claims in civil court against Aegon over fees payable 
upon purchase or surrender of the product. Plaintiffs claim that these fees are not contractually supported. 
Aegon faces a significant number of these cases. For reasons of commercial necessity as well as at the 
instigation of the regulatory authorities, Aegon decided to modify the fee structure. As of 2021, a provision of 
EUR 8 million remains, which represents management's best estimate of the exposure. The final amount may 
vary based on regulatory developments and the outcome of litigation.
In the Netherlands, unit linked products (beleggingsverzekeringen) have been controversial and the target of 
litigation since at least 2005. Allegations include excessive cost, unfair terms, inadequate disclosure, and 
failure to perform as illustrated. Consumer groups have formed to address these issues and initiate mass claims 
against insurers. Regulators as well as the Dutch parliament have been involved ever since, with the principal 
goal of achieving an equitable resolution. Aegon has made improvements across its product lines, including 
after settlements reached in 2009 with Stichting Woekerpolis and Stichting Verliespolis. Aegon also decided 
to reduce future policy costs for the large majority of its unit-linked portfolio. Some of the unit linked products 
are still involved in ongoing litigation. In September 2014, consumer interest group Vereniging Woekerpolis.nl 
filed a claim against Aegon in court. The claim related to a range of unit linked products that Aegon sold in 
the past, including Aegon products involved in the earlier litigation. The claim challenges a variety of elements 
of these products, on multiple legal grounds, including allegations made previously. In June 2017 (and revised 
in December 2017), the court issued a verdict which upheld the principle that disclosures must be evaluated 
according to the standards at the time when the relevant products were placed in-force. Most of the claims of 
Vereniging Woekerpolis.nl were dismissed under this standard, although the court found that Aegon did not 
adequately disclose certain charges on a limited set of policies. The district court did not decide on the 
reasonableness of the cost levels and whether the previous compensation arrangements provide sufficient 
compensation. This court decision has been appealed by both parties. The Dutch Court of Appeal has stayed 
the proceedings during the preliminary proceedings at the Dutch Supreme Court in another class action of 
Vereniging Woekerpolis.nl against another insurance company. On 11 February 2022 the Dutch Supreme 
Court ruled in these preliminary proceedings. The answers to the preliminary questions of the court regarding 
transparency and consent about costs and cost levels are a re-confirmation of the EU Court ruling in a previous 
case against another insurance company. The legal debate will now continue at the Dutch Court of Appeal. 
Aegon expects the uncertainty about the possible impact to continue for the foreseeable future. Developments 
in similar cases against other Dutch insurers currently before regulators and courts may also affect Aegon. At 
this time, Aegon is unable to estimate the range or potential maximum liability.

--- Page 113 ---
113
Securities leasing products (aandelenlease producten) have also been the subject of litigation in the 
Netherlands. Although sales of securities leasing products ended more than a decade ago, litigation relating to 
these products has resurfaced. In December 2020, Aegon Bank N.V. reached an agreement in principle on a 
settlement with Leaseproces B.V. for claims regarding Vliegwiel and Sprintplan customers represented by 
Leaseproces. On 4 June 2021 Aegon and Leaseproces B.V. announced it had finalised its agreement to settle 
these claims. In September 2021, the parties announced that more than 90 per cent. of customers had agreed 
to the settlement, by which the last remaining threshold was met. Full performance of the agreement was 
completed in the first half of 2022. There are still some individual claims pending. 
There can be no assurance that Aegon is able to resolve these cases in the way it expects and that this matter 
will not ultimately result in a material adverse effect on Aegon's business, results of operations and financial 
position.
Alternative Performance Measures
Aegon considers the following metrics to constitute Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) as defined in 
the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on APMs.
Aegon believes that its performance measures provide meaningful information about the operating results of 
Aegon’s business, including insight into the financial measures that Aegon’s senior management uses in 
managing the business. Among other things, Aegon’s senior management is compensated based in part on 
Aegon’s results against targets using these performance measures. While many other insurers in Aegon’s peer 
group present substantially similar performance measures, the performance measures presented in the table 
below may nevertheless differ from the performance measures presented by other insurers. There is no 
standardised meaning to these measures under IFRS or any other recognised set of accounting standards.
Metric
Definition
Reconciliation
Rationale for inclusion
Operating result / net 
operating result
Operating result reflects 
Aegon’s profit before tax 
from underlying business 
operations 
and 
mainly 
excludes components that 
relate 
to 
accounting 
mismatches 
that 
are 
dependent 
on 
market 
volatility, updates to best 
estimate 
actuarial 
and 
economic 
assumptions 
and model updates or 
events that are considered 
outside the normal course 
of business. Net operating 
result is the after-tax 
equivalent of operating 
result 
before 
tax. 
Assumption changes and 
model 
changes 
are 
excluded 
as 
they 
are 
considered non-recurring. 
The reconciliation from 
operating result to result 
before tax, being the most 
comparable 
IFRS 
measure, is calculated by 
excluding the following 
items 
from 
operating 
result before tax: fair value 
items, realised gains or 
losses 
on 
investments, 
impairment 
charges 
/reversals, other income or 
charges 
and 
share 
in 
earnings of joint ventures 
and associates. 
Aegon 
believes 
that 
operating result provides 
meaningful 
information 
about the operating results 
of Aegon’s business.
Return on Equity
Return on equity is a ratio 
calculated by dividing the 
net operating result after 
cost of leverage, by the 
average 
shareholders' 
equity 
excluding 
the 
There is no IFRS financial 
measure that is directly 
comparable to return on 
equity.
Aegon believes that return 
on 
equity 
provides 
meaningful 
information 
about the performance of 
Aegon’s business.

--- Page 114 ---
114
Metric
Definition
Reconciliation
Rationale for inclusion
revaluation reserve and 
cash flow hedge reserve.
Addressable expenses
Addressable expenses are 
expenses 
reflected 
in 
operating 
results, 
excluding 
deferable 
acquisition 
expenses, 
expenses in joint ventures 
and 
associates 
and 
expenses 
related 
to 
operations 
in 
CEE 
countries.
The reconciliation from 
addressable expenses to 
operating expenses, being 
the most comparable IFRS 
measure, is calculated by 
including 
expenses 
recorded 
outside 
of 
operating result, namely 
operating expenses related 
to operations in CEE 
countries, 
operating 
expenses 
related 
to 
businesses acquired and 
divested, 
deferred 
acquisition 
costs, 
restructuring 
expenses, 
IFRS 
9 
/ 
17 
implementations costs and 
the 
impact 
of 
the 
application of constant 
currency.
Management believes that 
addressable 
expenses 
provides 
meaningful 
information to investors.
Aegon aims to implement 
cost savings to lower its 
addressable expenses by 
EUR 400 million by 2023 
compared to 2019.
 
MCVNB
The present value, at point 
of sale, of all cash flows 
for new business written 
during 
the 
reporting 
period, calculated using 
approximate point of sale 
economics 
assumptions. 
Market consistent value of 
new business (MCVNB) 
is calculated using a risk 
neutral approach, ignoring 
the 
investment 
returns 
expected to be earned in 
the future in excess of risk-
free rates (swap curves), 
with the exception of an 
allowance for liquidity 
premium. The Swap curve 
is extrapolated beyond the 
last liquid point to an 
ultimate forward rate. The 
market consistent value of 
new business is calculated 
on a post-tax basis, after 
allowing for the time value 
financial 
options 
and 
guarantees and a market 
value margin for non-
hedgeable risks.
There is no IFRS financial 
measure that is directly 
comparable to MCVNB.
MCVNB 
gives 
meaningful insight to the 
market consistent value of 
new business. 
(Operating) 
Capital 
Generation 
Capital 
Generation 
represents the movement 
of Own Funds (OF) (after 
Capital Generation is a 
non-IFRS 
financial 
measure that should not be 
Management believes that 
Capital 
Generation 
provides 
meaningful

--- Page 115 ---
115
Metric
Definition
Reconciliation
Rationale for inclusion
tax) less SCR times the 
operating level after tax, 
diversification 
and 
LACDT. Impacts from 
dividends 
and 
capital 
injections that do not 
generate capital but do 
affect OF are excluded 
from capital generation. 
Furthermore, movements 
in Aegon NV (Holdings at 
Group Level) OF and SCR 
and 
diversification 
are 
excluded 
from 
capital 
generation. 
Instead, 
holding 
& 
funding 
expenses are included in 
Capital Generation on an 
accrual basis. 
Operating 
Capital 
Generation captures the 
capital generation that is 
generated in the normal 
course of business. It is 
based 
on 
the 
Capital 
Generation 
as 
defined 
above, and excludes the 
following items:
•
Market 
impacts: 
all direct / instant 
impacts on OF 
and 
SCR 
following 
from 
market 
movements (e.g. 
interest 
rates, 
spreads, equities) 
that deviate from 
budget 
assumptions; 
indirect 
movements 
impacting 
for 
example higher or 
lower future fees 
or spreads are not 
excluded. 
One-time items: 

non-recurring 
items 
(for 
example 
model 
changes, 
management 
actions, 
regulatory 
changes 
and 
policyholder 
confused with cash flow 
from operations or any 
other cash flow measure 
calculated in accordance 
with IFRS.
Because 
elements 
of 
Capital Generation are 
calculated in accordance 
with 
local 
solvency 
requirements rather than 
in accordance with any 
recognized 
body 
of 
accounting 
principles, 
there is no IFRS financial 
measure that is directly 
comparable 
to 
Capital 
Generation.
information to investors 
regarding 
capital 
generated on a net basis by 
Aegon’s 
operating 
subsidiaries that may be 
available at the holding 
company.

--- Page 116 ---
116
Metric
Definition
Reconciliation
Rationale for inclusion
behavior) 
deviating 
from 
‘normal’ 
expectations. 
One-time 
items 
are 
not 
only 
limited 
to 
the 
mentioned 
examples, but the 
key is that these 
are not expected 
to recur on a 
quarterly or yearly 
basis on average. 
One-time items do 
not 
constitute 
deviations 
from 
budget 
for 
expenses, flows or 
margins. 
Cash Capital at Holding
Cash Capital at Holding, is 
a measure of Holdings 
liquidity 
and 
can 
be 
characterised as follows:
Holding company assets
-/- Capital investments
-/- Matched short-term 
assets
-/- Other adjustments
Management 
of 
Cash 
Capital at Holding is an 
integral part of the Group 
Capital 
Management 
Policy.
There is no IFRS financial 
measure that is directly 
comparable 
to 
Cash 
Capital at Holding.
Aegon believes that Cash 
Capital at Holding gives 
insights into the liquidity 
of the Holding company. 
Aegon aims to maintain 
Cash Capital at Holding 
within range of EUR 0.5 – 
1.5 billion.
Gross financial leverage
Aegon 
defines 
total 
financial leverage as debt 
or debt-like funding issued 
for 
general 
corporate 
purposes 
and 
for 
capitalising 
Aegon’s 
business 
units. 
Total 
financial leverage 
includes 
hybrid 
instruments, in addition to 
both 
subordinated 
and 
senior debt. 
There is no IFRS financial 
measure that is directly 
comparable 
to 
gross 
financial leverage. 
Aegon aims to reduce its 
gross financial leverage 
from the current level of 
EUR 6.0 billion to the 
range of EUR 5.0 – 5.5 
billion over the period of 
2021 
to 
2023. 
This 
reduction of leverage will 
strengthen 
the 
balance 
sheet, 
reduce 
Aegon’s 
risk 
profile and therefore make 
Aegon more resilient. 
Gross financial leverage 
ratio
Aegon’s gross financial 
leverage ratio is calculated 
by dividing total financial 
leverage 
by 
total 
capitalisation. 
There is no IFRS financial 
measure that is directly 
comparable 
to 
gross 
financial leverage ratio. 
Aegon aims at a Gross 
Financial Leverage ratio 
consistent with an ‘A-‘ 
long-term issuer rating

--- Page 117 ---
117
Metric
Definition
Reconciliation
Rationale for inclusion
Aegon’s 
total 
capitalisation 
comprises 
the following components:
-
Shareholders’ 
equity excluding 
revaluation 
reserves based on 
IFRS as adopted 
by the EU;
-
Non-controlling 
interests and Long 
Term 
Incentive 
Plans 
not 
yet 
vested; and
-
Total 
financial 
leverage.
-
Revenue 
generating 
investments
Total 
amount 
of 
the 
investments 
general 
account, investment for 
account of policyholders 
and 
off-balance 
sheet 
investments third parties.
The investment general 
account and investment 
for 
account 
of 
policyholders are included 
on the IFRS balance sheet 
and therefore are IFRS 
measures. The off-balance 
sheet investments third 
parties 
are 
the 
other 
investments 
under 
management of Aegon for 
third parties which are not 
recognized on the balance 
sheet based on IFRS.
Management believes that 
revenue 
generating 
investments 
provides 
meaningful information to 
management 
and 
to 
investors regarding the 
total 
amount 
of 
investments 
under 
management 
within 
Aegon and which Aegon 
manages for its general 
account, for policyholders 
and for other third parties.

--- Page 118 ---
118
DESCRIPTION OF AEGON FUNDING COMPANY LLC
AFC was incorporated on 21 May 1999, converted to a limited liability company on 28 April 2008, and 
operates under the laws of the State of Delaware. AFC is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Aegon N.V. 
AFC is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Transamerica Corporation and has no subsidiaries of its own. AFC 
was established as a financing vehicle to be used to raise funds for the U.S. subsidiaries of Aegon N.V. AFC's 
executive office is at AEGON Funding Company LLC, 1201 Wills St., Suite 800 Baltimore, Maryland 21231, 
USA. AFC's registered office is at The Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 
19801, USA, and the telephone number of this office is 1 (302)-658-7581. AFC’s Delaware Department of 
State, Division of Corporations File Number is 3033879.
Guarantees 
If AFC issues any debt securities, Aegon will fully and unconditionally guarantee the due and punctual 
payment of the principal of, any premium and any interest on those debt securities, when and as these payments 
become due and payable, whether at maturity, upon redemption or declaration of acceleration, or otherwise. 
The guarantees of the guaranteed senior debt securities will constitute an unsecured, unsubordinated obligation 
of Aegon and will rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Aegon. The 
guarantees of the guaranteed subordinated debt securities will constitute an unsecured obligation of Aegon 
N.V. and will be subordinated in right of payment to all senior indebtedness of Aegon.
Aegon has (a) agreed that its obligations under the guarantees of the guaranteed debt securities will be as 
principal obligor and not merely as surety, and will be enforceable irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity 
or unenforceability of the guaranteed debt securities or the indenture; and (b) waived any right to require a 
proceeding against AFC, before its obligations under the guarantees shall become effective.
Copies of any guarantees to be issued by Aegon for specific transactions may be inspected at the registered 
office of Aegon at Aegonplein 50, 2591 TV The Hague, The Netherlands and on www.aegon.com.
Objects and purposes
As stated in item 1.3 of AFC’s Limited Liability Company Agreement, the nature the business or purposes of 
AFC are: (a) to issue debt securities, the net proceeds of which will be used to make loans to Aegon N.V. and 
its affiliates and to engage in any other activities which are necessary or desirable to effectuate, or are incidental 
to, the foregoing; and (b) to carry out its obligations and duties in connection with and to conduct such other 
activities and enter into such other agreements as it deems necessary or appropriate to carry out the foregoing.
Board of Managers and senior management
All managers of AFC are also managers, directors and/or officers of one or more Aegon affiliated companies. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to AFC of any of the managers and their private 
interests and/or other duties. AFC does not have an Audit Committee. AFC was originally formed pursuant to 
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, USA and was subsequently converted to a limited 
liability company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act.
Board of Managers
Christopher Ashe (Chairman of the Board of Managers and President), having his business address at 1201 
Wills St., Suite 800, Baltimore, MD, USA, is Chief Financial Officer of Transamerica Corporation. In his 
capacity as Chairman of the Board of Managers and President of AFC, Mr. Ashe provides oversight in regard 
to the activities of AFC. 
Karyn Polak (Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel), having her business address at 1201 
Wills St., Suite 800, Baltimore, MD, USA, is also Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel of 
Transamerica Corporation. In her capacity as Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel of AFC, 
Mrs. Polak acts as the Chief Legal Officer of AFC and maintains the records of all meetings of the stockholders

--- Page 119 ---
119
and the Board of Managers. She is the custodian of all contracts, deeds, documents and all other indicia of title 
to properties owned by AFC and of its other corporate records.
Bonnie Gerst having her business address at 6400 C Street SW, Cedar Rapids, IA 52499, USA, is also the Vice 
President for Transamerica Corporation. In her capacity as Manager of AFC, Mrs. Gerst provides oversight in 
regard to the activities of AFC. 
Material contracts
There are no material contracts, other than the guarantee as described above, that are not entered into in the 
ordinary course of AFC’s business which could result in a group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to AFC’s ability to meet its obligations to security holders in respect to the securities 
being issued.
Capitalisation
Following AFC’s conversion to a limited liability company, the authorised share capital was retired, however 
100 per cent. of the voting rights remain with Transamerica Corporation.
Financial data
AFC does not have independently audited financial data. It is not required to publish audited financial data. 
AFC’s financial data are included in Aegon N.V.’s consolidated financial data, which are audited. There is no 
published stand-alone financial data available for AFC.

--- Page 120 ---
120
TAXATION 
DUTCH TAXATION
General
The following summary outlines the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax 
considerations in relation thereto. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may include an individual 
or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or the income 
thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having 
an interest in the Notes or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information only and each 
prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the 
acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and disposal of in the Notes. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in 
each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into account any developments 
or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect.
This summary does not address the Dutch tax consequences for:
(i)
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(ii)
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other Dutch tax 
resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;
(iii)
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in an Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person holds 
a substantial interest in an Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in an Issuer arises if a 
person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with their partner (statutory defined 
term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5 per cent.  or more of the 
total issued capital of an Issuer or of 5 per cent.  or more of the issued capital of a certain class of 
shares of an Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit 
sharing rights in an Issuer; 
(iv)
persons to whom the Notes and the income from the Notes are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001) and the Dutch Gift and Inheritance Tax Act (Successiewet 1956); 
(v)
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten that have an enterprise which is carried 
on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint Eustatius or 
Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent representative; and
(vi) 
individuals to whom Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities which 
are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands.
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands or Dutch, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom 
of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom.
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Notes.

--- Page 121 ---
121
Withholding Tax
All payments made by the Issuers under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes 
of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein. With respect to Notes issued by an Issuer that is considered to be a resident 
of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes or has a permanent establishment in the Netherlands to which the 
Notes are attributed (a Dutch Issuer), all payments made by such Dutch Issuer under the Notes may - except 
in certain very specific cases as described below - be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of 
whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that the Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Issuer within 
the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, under d of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de 
vennootschapsbelasting 1969).
With respect to Notes issued by a Dutch Issuer, Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest 
due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of a Dutch Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident 
(gevestigd) of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-
cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden 
voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the 
interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes 
to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction 
of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid 
mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid 
whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in 
the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable 
based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to him directly, all within the 
meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). The withholding rate under the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 is set at the same rate as the second bracket Dutch corporate income tax rate 
for that year, e.g. 25.8 per cent. for 2022. 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax
(a)
Residents of the Netherlands
If a holder is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes and is fully subject 
to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to 
which the Notes are attributable, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, 
settlement or disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25.8 
per cent. ).
If an individual is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes, income 
derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the Notes are taxable 
at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. ) under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 
(Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), if:
(i)
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable 
or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise 
(medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or 
(ii)
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which include the performance by the individual of activities with respect to the 
Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies, an individual that holds the Notes, must determine 
taxable income with regard to the Notes on the basis of a deemed return on income from savings and 
investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised.

--- Page 122 ---
122
This deemed return on income from savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's yield 
basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield 
basis exceeds a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair 
market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying 
liabilities on 1 January. The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset in the individual's yield 
basis. The deemed return percentage to be applied to the yield basis increases progressively depending on the 
amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on income from savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 31 
per cent.. Based on a decision of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 24 December 2021 
(ECLI:NL:HR:2021:1963), the current system of taxation based on a deemed return may under specific 
circumstances contravene with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights 
in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights. In reaction to this case law, 
the Dutch State Secretary for Tax Affairs and Tax Administration announced that if the deemed return based 
on the actual composition of the yield basis (with separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and 
investments) in 2022 is lower than the deemed return based on current legislation as described above, the lower 
deemed return based on the actual composition of the yield basis will be used to determine taxable income 
from savings and investments.
(b)
Non-residents of the Netherlands
If a person is not a resident nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes, such 
person is not liable for Dutch income tax in respect of income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon 
the settlement, redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless:
(i)
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried 
on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to which 
permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) is (other than by 
way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are 
attributable. 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8 per cent..
(ii) 
the person is an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, 
in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, 
or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as income from miscellaneous 
activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands, which activities include the 
performance of activities in the Netherlands with respect to the Notes which exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer), or (3) is (other than by way of securities) 
entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and 
to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) is subject to individual income tax at up 
to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent.. Income derived from a share in the profits in an enterprise as 
specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be taxed on the basis of a deemed 
return on income from savings and investments (as described above under "Residents of the 
Netherlands"). The fair market value of the share in the profits of the enterprise (which includes the 
Notes) will be part of the individual's Netherlands yield basis.
Gift and Inheritance Tax
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of gift by, 
or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless:

--- Page 123 ---
123
(a)
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or
(b)
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time 
of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions.
Value Added Tax
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or 
in respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes.
Other Taxes and Duties
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will 
be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, placement, 
allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes.
U.S. TAXATION IN RELATION TO NOTES HELD BY NON-U.S. HOLDERS 
This general summary describes certain United States federal income tax consequences to non-U.S. Holders 
(as defined below) of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes. Except as specified below, this 
discussion relates solely to Notes issued under the Programme that qualify as debt for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes and does not address Notes with special features such as a perpetual term. Further, except as specified 
below, this discussion does not address tax consequences relevant to United States persons (as defined below) 
and does not address the treatment of persons subject to special tax rules, including, without limitation, 
financial institutions, insurance companies, dealers or traders in securities or currencies, regulated investment 
companies, real estate investment trusts, persons that will hold the Notes as part of a "hedging" or "conversion" 
transaction or as a position in a "straddle" for U.S. federal income tax purposes, private foundations or other 
tax exempt organizations, former citizens or residents of the United States, grantor trusts, controlled foreign 
corporations and passive foreign investment companies, and partnerships and other pass-through entities and 
persons holding interests therein. If a partnership is a beneficial owner of a Note, the tax treatment of a partner 
in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. 
Further, this discussion does not address any tax consequences applicable to holders of equity in a holder of 
the Notes.
In addition, this discussion does not consider the implications of the possible applicability of tax treaties. 
Persons considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the United States federal income tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of 
such Notes, and the implications of their particular situations thereto, as well as any consequences arising 
under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. Furthermore, this discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 as amended (the Code), the legislative history thereof, final, temporary, and proposed regulations 
thereunder, and rulings and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date hereof.  Such authorities may be 
repealed, revoked or modified (including changes in effective dates, and possibly with retroactive effect) so as 
to result in United States federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. 
As used herein, the term non-U.S. Holder means any beneficial owner of a Note who is not a United States 
person. The term United States person means (a) any individual who is (or is treated as) a citizen or resident 
of the United States, (b) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of 
the United States or, in the case of a partnership, otherwise treated as a United States person under applicable 
U.S. treasury regulations, (c) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation 
regardless of its source, or (d) a trust (i) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a 
United States court and which has one or more United States persons who have the authority to control all 
substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii) that has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. treasury 
regulations to be treated as a United States person.

--- Page 124 ---
124
General
Generally, and subject to the discussion below under "US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding", 
payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued by Aegon will not be subject to U.S. withholding taxes, 
backup withholding or information reporting. 
With respect to Notes issued by AFC, under present United States federal income tax law payments of principal 
of and interest on the Notes to a non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to United States federal income or 
withholding tax, provided that in the case of interest or original issue discount (i) the non-U.S. Holder (A) does 
not actually or constructively own 10 per cent.  or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of 
stock of AFC entitled to vote within the meaning of the Code, (B) is not a controlled foreign corporation related 
within the meaning of the Code to AFC, and (C) is not a bank for U.S. federal income tax purposes whose 
receipt of interest is in connection with an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into 
in the ordinary course of its trade or business; (ii) no interest payable with respect to the Notes is “contingent 
interest” within the meaning of the Code; (iii) the beneficial owner timely certifies under penalties of perjury, 
among other things, that the owner is not a “United States person,” as defined in the Code, and provides such 
owner’s name and address, and all other elements of the applicable certification requirements are satisfied; (iv) 
income on the Notes is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United 
States; and (v) the non-U.S. Holder has provided any required information with respect to its direct and indirect 
U.S. owners and, if the Notes are held through or by a non-U.S. financial institution (FFI) (as defined by 
FATCA), such FFI has entered into and is in compliance with an agreement with the U.S. government to 
collect and provide to the U.S. tax authorities information about its direct and indirect United States accounts 
(or is entitled to the benefits of an intergovernmental agreement between a jurisdiction and the United States 
and is in compliance with the applicable implementing legislation (as discussed in more detail below under 
“U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding”).
With respect to Notes issued by Aegon or AFC, a non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to United 
States federal income tax on gain realised on the sale, exchange, redemption or other disposition of such Note 
unless (i) such gain is (or is treated as) effectively connected with a United States trade or business or (ii) in 
the case of a non-U.S. Holder who is an individual, the individual is present in the United States for a total of 
183 days or more during the taxable year in which such gain is realised, the non-U.S. Holder has provided any 
required information with respect to its direct and indirect U.S. owners and, if the Notes are held through or 
by an FFI, such FFI has entered into and is in compliance with an agreement with the U.S. government to 
collect and provide to the U.S. tax authorities information about its direct and indirect United States accounts 
(or is entitled to the benefits of an intergovernmental agreement between a jurisdiction and the United States 
and is in compliance with the applicable implementing legislation (as discussed in more detail below under 
“U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding”).
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting
Backup withholding generally will not apply to payments by AFC to a non-U.S. Holder of principal or interest 
on Notes if the certifications required for such Notes, described above, are received. Payments of interest to a 
non-U.S. Holder on a Note in registered form will be reported to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and 
to the holder. 
Payments of proceeds of the sale, exchange or other disposition of a Note effected by a broker at an office 
outside the United States generally will not be subject to backup withholding if the proceeds are paid to an 
account that the holder maintains at a financial institution outside the United States. However, if such broker 
is (a) a United States person, (b) a controlled foreign corporation for United States tax purposes, (c) a foreign 
person, 50 per cent.  or more of the gross income of which is effectively connected with a United States trade 
or business for a specified period or (d) a foreign partnership that at any time during its taxable year is 50 per 
cent.  or more owned by United States persons or is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, information reporting 
will be required with respect thereto unless the broker has in its records documentary evidence that the 
beneficial owner is not a United States person and certain other conditions are met or the beneficial owner 
otherwise establishes an exemption. Payments of principal or interest on a Note or the proceeds of a disposition

--- Page 125 ---
125
of a Note effected at a United States office of a broker will be subject to backup withholding and information 
reporting, unless the holder certifies under penalties of perjury that it is not a United States person or otherwise 
establishes an exemption.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will 
be allowed as a refund or credit against the beneficial owner’s United States federal income tax liability 
provided the required information is furnished to the IRS in a timely manner.
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
FATCA imposes a reporting regime and potentially a 30 per cent.  withholding tax with respect to certain 
payments to (i) any FFI that does not become a Participating FFI by entering into an agreement with the IRS 
to provide the IRS with certain information in respect of its account holders and investors or is not otherwise 
exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA and (ii) any investor (unless otherwise exempt from 
FATCA) that does not provide information sufficient to determine whether the investor is a U.S. person or 
should otherwise be treated as holding a "United States account" of the relevant Issuer (a Recalcitrant 
Holder). Aegon is classified as an FFI.
The withholding regime is now in effect for payments from sources within the United States (including 
payments made by AFC) and will apply to foreign passthru payments (a term not yet defined) no earlier than 
the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign pass thru payments are 
published. 
This withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of (i) any Notes characterised as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterized as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are 
issued or materially modified after the grandfathering date, which is (a) in respect of Notes issued by AFC, 
1 July 2014 and (b) in respect of Notes issued by Aegon, the date that is six months after the date on which 
final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register; 
and (ii) any Notes characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax purposes, 
whenever issued. If Notes are issued on or before the relevant grandfathering date, and additional Notes of the 
same series are issued after that date, the additional Notes may not be treated as grandfathered, which may 
have negative consequences for the existing Notes, including a negative impact on market price.
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into intergovernmental agreements to 
facilitate the implementation of FATCA (each, an IGA).  Pursuant to FATCA and the "Model 1" and "Model 
2" IGAs released by the United States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a Reporting FI 
not subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, an FFI in an IGA jurisdiction 
generally would not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) (any 
such withholding being FATCA Withholding) from payments it makes. Under each Model IGA, a Reporting 
FI would still be required to report certain information in respect of its account holders and investors to its 
home government or to the IRS.  The United States and the Netherlands have entered into an agreement (the 
US-Netherlands IGA) based largely on the Model 1 IGA.
If Aegon is treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to the US-Netherlands IGA it does not anticipate that it will be 
obliged to deduct any FATCA Withholding on payments it makes. There can be no assurance, however, that 
Aegon will be treated as a Reporting FI, or that it would in the future not be required to deduct FATCA 
Withholding from payments it makes. AFC (and Aegon if it becomes a Participating FFI), as well as financial 
institutions through which payments on the Notes are made, may be required to withhold FATCA Withholding 
if (i) any FFI through or to which payment on such Notes is made is not a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or 
otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA or (ii) an investor is a Recalcitrant Holder.
Whilst the Notes are held within the ICSDs, it is expected that FATCA will not affect the amount of any 
payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by any Issuer, any paying agent, common depositary or 
common safekeeper, given that each of the entities in the payment chain between each Issuer and the 
participants in the ICSDs is a major financial institution whose business is dependent on compliance with

--- Page 126 ---
126
FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under an IGA will be unlikely to affect the Notes. The 
documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Notes may go into definitive form and therefore 
that they may be taken out of the clearing systems.  If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant 
holder could be subject to FATCA Withholding. However, definitive Notes will only be printed in remote 
circumstances.
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time.  The above description is based in 
part on regulations, official guidance and the US-Netherlands IGA, all of which are subject to change or may 
be implemented in a materially different form.  
THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAX DISCUSSION SET FORTH ABOVE IS INCLUDED FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE DEPENDING UPON A 
HOLDER’S PARTICULAR SITUATION OR IN RELATION TO NOTES TREATED AS OTHER THAN 
DEBT FOR US FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN 
TAX ADVISERS WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE PURCHASE, 
OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF 
CHANGES IN UNITED STATES OR OTHER TAX LAWS.
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common financial transactions tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia 
has since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
the Notes should, however, be exempt.
Under Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 127 ---
127
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, 
ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan AG, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch International, Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE and Société Générale (the Dealers). Notes may also be sold by the Issuers direct to institutions who 
are not Dealers.  The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by an Issuer 
to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 28 June 2022 
(the Dealership Agreement) and made between the Issuers and the Dealers.  Any such agreement will, inter 
alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes 
will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable 
by the relevant Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
Each Dealer has agreed to comply with the following provisions except to the extent that, as a result of any 
change(s) in, or in the official interpretation of, any applicable laws and/or regulations, non-compliance would 
not result in any breach of the provisions below.
United States of America
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in 
the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Notes in bearer form issued by Aegon are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, 
and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the restricted period relating thereto 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons.  In addition, until 40 days after the commencement 
of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by a dealer 
that is not participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such 
offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act.
Each Tranche of Notes will also be subject to such further United States selling restrictions as the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 128 ---
128
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes; and 

the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme

--- Page 129 ---
129
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom:
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision:

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 

the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 130 ---
130
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:
a. 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (SFO) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the 
SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous

--- Page 131 ---
131
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the CWUMPO) or which do not constitute an offer 
to the public within the meaning of the CWUMPO; and
b.
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws 
of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
a. 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
b. 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferable 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
1.
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;
2.
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
3.
where the transfer is by operation of law;
4.
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
5.
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 132 ---
132
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
General
Save for having obtained the approval of this document by the AFM, no action has been or will be taken in 
any country or jurisdiction by the relevant Issuer or the Dealers that is intended to permit a public offering of 
Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required.  Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
comes are required by the relevant Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their 
possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 133 ---
133
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
The update and amendment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Executive Board 
(Raad van Bestuur) of Aegon on 20 March 2006 and 13 June 2022 and of the Board of Directors of AFC 
on 22 June 2022. 
2.
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies and, where appropriate, 
English translations of the following documents will be available (i) during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent and Principal Registrar and from the registered office of the Issuers 
and (ii) on the website of the Issuer at www.aegon.com: 
(a)
copies of the documents listed under "Documents Incorporated by Reference"; 
(b)
this Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme, together with any amendments or 
supplements;
(c)
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the forms of the Global Notes, 
the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; and
(d)
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final 
Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference.
3.
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Nederland, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and International Securities Identification Number in relation 
to the Notes of each Series and any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance, will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and the address of Euroclear 
Nederland is Herengracht 459-469, 1017 BS Amsterdam.
4.
Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) issued by Aegon and any Coupon appertaining thereto 
will bear a legend substantially to the following effect: "Any United States person who holds this obligation 
will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided 
in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." The sections referred to in such legend 
provide that a United States person who holds a Bearer Note or Coupon generally will not be allowed to 
deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Bearer Note or Coupon and any gain 
(which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption 
will be treated as ordinary income.
5.
Save as set out in the Final Terms, no Issuer intends to provide any post-issuance information in relation 
to the issue of any Notes.
6.
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Aegon Group since the 
last published audited financial statements of 31 December 2021 and there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of Aegon Group since the last published audited financial statements of 31 
December 2021.
7.
Except as described in section ‘Legal and arbitration proceedings, regulatory investigations and actions’ 
in “Description of Aegon N.V.”, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which it is aware) in the last twelve months preceding 
the date hereof, which may have or have had in such period, significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of Aegon N.V. or the Group.

--- Page 134 ---
134
8.
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which it is aware) in the last twelve months preceding the date hereof, which may 
have or have had in such period, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of AFC. 
9.
The financial statements of Aegon for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 have 
been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., an independent registered public accounting 
firm located at Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, as stated in their 
auditor’s reports incorporated by reference herein.  The auditor signing the auditor’s reports on behalf of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is a member of the Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
10. AFC does not have independently audited financial data. It is not required to publish audited financial 
data. AFC’s financial data are included in Aegon’s financial data, which are audited. There is no published 
financial data available for AFC. 
11. All unaudited and unreviewed financial information has been derived from internal analyses and has been 
subject to Aegon’s internal control procedures.
12. The legal entity identifier (LEI) of Aegon N.V. as Issuer and Guarantor is O4QK7KMMK83ITNTHUG69 
and the LEI of Aegon Funding Company LLC is KEIOKM01PSK5VZ5CCI74.
13. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or Issuers’ affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.

--- Page 135 ---
135
REGISTERED OFFICES
THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR
Aegon N.V.
Aegonplein 50
2591 TV The Hague
The Netherlands
Aegon Funding Company LLC
1201 Wills St., 
Suite 800 Baltimore, 
MD 21231 United States of America
ARRANGER FOR THE PROGRAMME
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18
60312 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
DEALERS
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02RF29
Ireland
Barclays Bank PLC
5 The North Colonnade
Canary Wharf
London E14 4BB
United Kingdom
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue la Boétie
75008 Paris
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.
Croeselaan 18
3521 CB Utrecht
The Netherlands
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
HSBC Continental Europe
38 Avenue Kléber
Paris 75116
France 
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands

--- Page 136 ---
136
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany 
 J.P. Morgan Securities plc
25 Bank Street
Canary Wharf
London E14 5JP
United Kingdom
Merrill Lynch International
2 King Edward Street
London EC1A 1HQ
United Kingdom
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18
60312 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5
1066 JR Amsterdam
The Netherlands
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
FIRST ALTERNATIVE
REGISTRAR
SECOND ALTERNATIVE
REGISTRAR
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch
Vertigo Building
Polaris – 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Citibank, N.A.
14th Floor
388 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10013
United States of America
PAYING AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
One Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom

--- Page 137 ---
137
LEGAL ADVISERS
To Aegon N.V. 
Allen & Overy LLP
Apollolaan 15
1077 AB Amsterdam
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers
Clifford Chance LLP
Droogbak 1A 1013 GE Amsterdam
The Netherlands