--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 18 November 2024 
      
 
 
AEROPORTS DE PARIS S.A.  
(a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France) 
Euro 10,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Aéroports de Paris (“ADP” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at 
any time exceed Euro 10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus 
received the approval number 24-488 on 18 November 2024 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date 
of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission 
(a “Regulated Market”). However, Notes that are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to 
trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form as more fully described herein. 
The Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents 
of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the Issue Date (as defined herein) in 
the books of Euroclear France S.A. (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”) or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iii)), in either fully registered 
form (nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the 
Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder.  
The Issuer’s long-term debt is rated A- stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
The Final Terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference herein, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf) and, as the case may be, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and may be obtained 
without charge from the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to invest in the Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
Arranger and Dealer 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers  
CITIGROUP 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DEUTSCHE BANK  
HSBC 
NATIXIS 
NOMURA 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each a 
“Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in respect of, and for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer, 
the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (filiales consolidées) taken as a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which is 
material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and 
its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), each of which shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be 
read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the 
“Prospectus”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers (as 
defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs 
of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice 
as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial 
needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions 
applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent 
in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its 
determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the 
acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with 
any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes 
are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 3 August 2023 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID product governance 
rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a 
manufacturer under the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not 
qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended or superseded, the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
UK PRIIPs IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT 
ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES ACT). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON 
OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION 
AND SALE”. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for 
financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s 
jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Notes. Potential investors cannot rely upon the tax overview contained in this Base Prospectus but should ask for their 
own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of 
the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and the Issuer. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in the section “Risk 
factors”, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 
1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by reference are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any 
of the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other 
information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers do not make any representation, express or implied, and do not accept any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. The Dealers do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Dealers.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “Euro”, “EUR” 
and “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which was introduced 
on 1st January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America and 
references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 6 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................... 12 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................................................. 26 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................. 27 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................... 33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 34 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................................ 86 
DESCRIPTION OF AEROPORTS DE PARIS ......................................................................................................... 87 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................... 88 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................ 110 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................................... 113 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................. 131 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......................... 135

--- Page 6 ---
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. The 
Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base 
Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and in the relevant Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
 
Issuer: 
Aéroports de Paris  
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under the heading "Risks 
relating to the Issuer and its Operations" in the section headed "Risk Factors" in this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under the heading "Risks relating to the Notes" in the 
section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 
969500PJMBSFHYC37989  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas  
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, 
Natixis, Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH and Société Générale  
Any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement.  
Programme Limit: 
Up to Euro 10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time (the “Programme 
Limit”).  
The Programme Limit may be increased, as provided in the dealer agreement dated 
18 November 2024 between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Put 
Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
Uptevia  
Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
Aether Financial Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more Issue Dates 
and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment 
of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) 
on the same or different Issue Dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will 
be completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount

--- Page 7 ---
7 
of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) 
will be completed in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any maturity 
from one (1) month from the original Issue Date of the relevant Notes, or, if applicable 
and to the extent so required by applicable laws and regulations, the Issue Date of the 
last tranche of any further Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 12 
(whichever is the later). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may 
be issued in Euro, Sterling, Yen and USD and in any other currency specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
“Specified Denomination”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed 
and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).  
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer (engagements chirographaires) and 
rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under 
French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations or guarantees of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Issuer agrees that so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, it will not 
create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest which would constitute a sûreté réelle or its 
equivalent under any applicable legislation upon all or part of its assets, revenues or 
rights, present or future, to secure any Bond Indebtedness, unless the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes are equally and rateably secured therewith so as to rank 
pari passu with such Bond Indebtedness or the guarantee or indemnity thereof, as set 
out in Condition 4 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”. 
Event of Default (including 
cross-default): 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes, including a cross-default, as 
set out in Condition 9 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default”. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the relevant Final 
Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts payable. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such Notes 
(either in whole or in part) may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-whole Redemption 
by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Clean-Up Call Option”, 
“Redemption at the Option of the Issuer”, “Acquisition Event Call Option” below,

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax 
reasons (as provided in Condition 6(k)) or illegality (as provided in Condition 6(n)). 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Make-whole Redemption by the 
Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer 
will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date, 
if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Make-whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-whole Redemption 
Amount.  
The “Make-whole Redemption Amount” will be an amount in the Specified 
Currency being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount of the Notes 
so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Notes until the Relevant Redemption Date 
(determined on the basis of the interest rate applicable to the Notes (not including any 
interest accrued on the Notes from and including the Issue Date or, as the case may 
be, the scheduled Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Make-whole 
Redemption Date to, but excluding, such Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted 
from the Relevant Redemption Date, to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date 
on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued 
on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer 
will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (their “Optional Redemption 
Amount”), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and including) the Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
event that at least 75% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series 
of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may have the 
option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes in that Series at par, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (their “Optional Redemption 
Amount”), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer: 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, redeem, in 
whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date, as the case may be, at their Optional Redemption Amount as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms together with any interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption. Any partial redemption must relate to Notes 
of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Acquisition Event Call Option: 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if an 
Acquisition Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem in whole or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes of the relevant Series then 
outstanding at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. Any partial redemption must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Put Option in case of a Change of 
Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if a Put Event occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer 
to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the Put 
Date at their Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
together with interest accrued up to but excluding such date of redemption or 
repurchase.  
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest and other revenues 
in respect of any Note be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the 
Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts 
as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, subject to 
certain exceptions.  
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at 
a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its 
method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both, provided 
that in no event shall the rate of interest be less than zero. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency pursuant to the 2013 FBF 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments, 
or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, each as

--- Page 10 ---
10 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA) (or any successor) on its website, or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, TONA or SOFR (or such other 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, any successor 
rate or any alternative rate, in each case as adjusted for any applicable 
margin.  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant FBF Rate, the relevant Reference Rate or the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
as the case may be. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate 
or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less than zero. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that, on the Switch Date (i) the 
Issuer may elect to convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and 
will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of 
such Series of Notes and the potential application of an Adjustment Spread) as 
provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Redenomination: 
Notes denominated in the currency of a country that subsequently participates in the 
third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union may be subject to 
redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and/or 
consolidation 
with 
other 
Notes 
denominated in euro, all as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination” below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as more fully 
provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues and Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au porteur) or in 
registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder, either in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be 
issued in respect of the Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Jurisdiction:  
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before 
any competent court located in the jurisdiction of the Cour d'appel de Paris.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Initial Delivery of the Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Notes, a lettre comptable or an application form relating to such Tranche of Notes 
shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Listing and admission to 
Trading: 
Listing and admission to trading on Euronext Paris or other Regulated Markets as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes may not be admitted 
to trading or may be unlisted.  
No offer to retail investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France and/or in any Member 
State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom. 
Method of Publication of this 
Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference, any supplement 
thereto (if any) and the Final Terms related to the Notes admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market in the EEA will be published, as the case may be, on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf) 
and 
copies may be obtained on request without charge at the registered office of the Issuer. 
The Final Terms will indicate where the Base Prospectus may be obtained.  
Rating:  
The Issuer’s long-term debt is rated A- stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with such regulation. Notes issued 
pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current 
ratings of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings 
are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offers and sale of Notes and the distribution of offering 
material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”.  
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The rules of the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 do 
not apply to the Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and may be 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. All of these 
factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer or the Group and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent the 
principal inherent risks in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not 
represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should also, in light of their financial circumstances and investment objectives, read 
the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Investors should 
in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the 
Notes.  
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. In this section, reference to a “Condition” is a reference to the numbered 
paragraphs in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, unless otherwise specified. 
I 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS  
Risks factors relating to the Issuer and its activity are described (i) on pages 156 to 175 of the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document and (ii) on pages 30 to 31 of the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report (as defined in section 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”). The 2023 Universal Registration Document and the 2024 Half-Year 
Financial Report are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and include the following risk factors 
relating to the Issuer and its activity: 
- 
risks for the business and social model; 
- 
risks of external threats; 
- 
risks related to the maintenance, robustness and development of airport capacities; 
- 
risks related to environmental and social developments; and 
- 
risks related to compliance and the Issuer's culture. 
In the Issuer’s assessment, there has been no change in the number and severity of risks factors relating to the Issuer 
and its activity since the publication of the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report, except that, as disclosed below, (i) risk 
referred to as 1 – B: "Risks related to airport economic regulation, particularly in Paris" (appearing on page 159 of 
the 2023 Universal Registration Document) is updated without any change in its net criticality, (ii) risk referred to as 
1 – E: "Liquidity risks" (appearing on page 161 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document) is updated without 
any change in its net criticality and (iii) risk referred to as 5 – D: "Risks related to regulatory changes" (appearing on 
page 175 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document) is updated and its net criticality is increased from Low to 
Medium criticality. 
Risk referred to as 1 – B: "Risks related to airport economic regulation, particularly in Paris" (appearing on page 
159 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document) is hereby replaced by the following without any change in its net 
criticality:

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Uncertainties about the legal framework of regulation and the decision-making practices of ART are likely to 
affect Groupe ADP’s business model 
Criticality +++  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Evolution in 2024 → 
Detailed description of the risk factor 
Airport fees are levied for airport public services provided at Paris-Charles de Gaulle, Paris-Orly and Paris-Le 
Bourget airports to airlines and ground-handling service providers. 
The conditions under which fee rates are set are mainly governed by the provisions of the French Transport Code 
and, on an optional basis, by an economic regulation agreement. The latter may be signed with the State to establish, 
on a multi-year basis, the conditions for changing fees in relation to a defined investment programme and to set 
service quality objectives. No economic regulation agreement is in force following the COVID crisis. 
Fees are subject to annual approval by the French Transport Regulatory Authority (ART). As part of its control, the 
ART ensures that the rates and their adjustments, proposed by ADP, comply with the general rules applicable to fees, 
are non-discriminatory and that their evolution, compared to the rates in force, is moderate. In addition, it ensures 
that ADP receives a fair return on the capital invested, assessed in light of the weighted average cost of capital 
calculated for its scope of regulated activities, and that the overall income from fees does not exceed the cost of 
services rendered. 
In the event the last approval is more than twenty-four months old, the ART may set the rates of the fees and their 
adjustments for the following pricing period. 
In addition, the ART is responsible for determining the principles governing the accounting allocation of income, 
assets and expenses for airports within its remit. The change in cost accounting principles is likely to have an impact 
on the profitability of each of the regulated and non-regulated scopes, it being recalled that the profitability of airport 
public service activities (aeronautical fund) is capped since the overall revenue from airport fees may not exceed the 
cost of services rendered (including return on capital invested). On 11 April 2022, the ART took two decisions relating 
to the allocation rules: one concerning the general principles relating to cost accounting and the other concerning the 
guidelines relating to the interpretation and scope of these principles. 
Lastly, on 4 December 2023, the ART published the decision on the adoption of guidelines for the assessment of the 
weighted average cost of capital (WACC) levels of the regulated scopes of the airports falling within its remit. 
ADP’s estimate of the WACC for the 2024 pricing period is 6.67%. 
Potential effects for the Group 
– 
Deterioration of the Group’s financial performance 
– 
Reconsideration of the business model 
– 
Excessive regulatory compliance costs 
– 
Loss of market share 
Interconnected risks 
– 
Risks related to the economic trajectory 
– 
Liquidity risks 
MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS 
On 20 November 2023, ADP submitted to the ART for approval the fee rates proposed for the 2024-2025 tariff period 
(applicable from 1 April 2024).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
In order to offset part of the new tax burden resulting from Article 15 of the Finance Act for 2024 which introduces 
a tax on the revenue of long-distance transport infrastructure operators to which Aéroports de Paris is subject, and to 
maintain its investment capacity, the price evolution submitted by ADP to the ART for its approval, amounts to +4.5% 
on average (excluding fees for assistance to people with disabilities and reduced mobility) for Paris-Charles de Gaulle 
and Paris-Orly, and +5.4% on average for Paris-Le Bourget, compared to the tariffs for the 2023 tariff period. 
By its decision No. 2024-001 of 18 January 2024, the ART approved the airport fees for Aéroports de Paris for the 
2024 tariff period. In its decision, the ART confirmed that the share retained in the price proposal of Aéroports de 
Paris of the tax on long-distance transport infrastructure, created by the Finance Act for 2024, could well be covered 
by airport fees. 
With regard to the accounting allocation rules, ADP has undertaken, since May 2022, an important consultation 
process with user representatives. This consultation has continued in 2024. In addition, the ART provides, in its 
guidelines, for transitional provisions, on an exceptional basis, until 31 December 2025. 
Aéroports de Paris notified on 18 October 2024 to the ART, the tariffs set for the 2025 tariffs period (from 1 April 
2025 to 31 March 2026): 
• 
For the Paris-Charles de Gaulle and Paris-Orly platforms, the average increase is +4.5, including the increase 
by +25% of the PRM fee; 
• 
For Paris-Le Bourget, an average increase of fees by +5.5%. 
The ART has two months from the date of notification to issue its decision on the approval of the tariff proposal.  
Risk referred to as 1 – E: "Liquidity risks" (appearing on page 161 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document) is 
hereby replaced by the following without any change in its net criticality: 
Groupe ADP’s cash level must remain sufficient to meet its contractual and financial commitments 
Criticality ++   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Evolution in 2024 → 
Detailed description of the risk factor 
The Group must be able to meet its contractual and financial commitments on an ongoing basis and must therefore 
have cash flow calibrated accordingly. In addition to the risk of a lack of liquidity, there is the risk of additional 
financing costs for Groupe ADP, which could be exposed to an increase in its medium-term financial expenses due 
to future refinancing at higher interest rates than current ones. 
Faced with the persistence of inflation caused by the geopolitical context since 2022 (supply chain malfunction, 
energy and commodity market malfunction (see also, risk 2 - B)), central banks, which have made fighting inflation 
their priority, have continued their key rate increases, causing all base rates to rise.  
The increase constitutes a risk of the Group having to finance itself at a higher cost. Groupe ADP had a cash position 
of €1.9 billion as of 30 June 2024, of which €0.51 billion was held by TAV Airports. 
In view of this available cash and its forecasts of financing needs over the next 12 months, the Group does not 
anticipate any liquidity difficulties, including considering that (i) on 7 May 2024, Aéroports de Paris successfully 
carried out a bond issue, the first since 2020, with a 7-year maturity and for an amount of 500 million euros and with 
an interest at a fixed rate of 3.375% and (ii) on 11 June 2024, Aéroports de Paris repaid the 500 million euros bond 
issued on 31st May 2012 with a fixed interest rate of 3.125%. 
Potential effects for the Group 
– 
Inability to honour commitments

--- Page 15 ---
15 
– 
Recourse and litigation 
– 
Damage to image/reputation 
– 
Loss of stakeholder confidence 
Interconnected risks 
– 
Risks related to the economic trajectory 
– 
Geopolitical risks 
MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS 
In view of its long-term credit rating (A- stable outlook by the Standard & Poor’s agency since 10 June 2024) and 
the level of available cash at the end of the first semester of 2024, Groupe ADP ensures that, in the event of a 
significant deterioration in the economic environment, it would be able to meet its commitments by drawing on its 
immediate cash resources (cash available without delay) and using additional financing. 
On 7 May 2024, the Group raised a €500m new issue bond aimed at refinancing a €500m bond maturing on 11 June 
2024, which was carrying a 3.125% coupon rate. Due to the attractive pricing achieved for this new issue (3.375% 
coupon rate), the subsequent increase in the debt service of ADP was limited. The Group was therefore only 
marginally impacted by interest rate increases. In addition, the fixed portion of the debt of the Group remains high, 
at 90% compared to 10% for the variable portion, thus limiting the impact of interest rate increases on outstanding 
borrowings (see Note 9.5.3 “Analysis of risks related to financial instruments” of the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group as of 30 June 2024, detailing the breakdown of fixed-rate/variable-rate financial debt). 
In addition, Aéroports de Paris set up its first Euro Medium Term Notes (EMTN) programme in 2022 to enable it to 
launch bond issues within a short period of time. TAV issued a bond for an amount of US$400 million on 30 
November 2023, thus strengthening the level of liquidity available within its scope. This transaction also 
demonstrates the Group’s good ability to access available liquidity on the financial markets. 
Lastly, the Group uses management tools to monitor its cash flow on a daily basis and produces a consolidated cash 
flow forecast statement. 
In addition, risk referred to as 5 – D: "Risks related to regulatory changes" (appearing on page 175 of the 2023 
Universal Registration Document) is hereby replaced by the following and its net criticality is increased from Low 
to Medium criticality: 
Groupe ADP must take into account the changes in the regulatory context applicable to its activities within a 
limited timeframe 
Criticality  ++  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Evolution in 2024 ↗ 
Detailed description of the risk factor 
New developments in a still uncertain regulatory framework, in particular extra-financial such as the implementation 
of the CSRD (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive) in 2024 and the preparation of the third vigilance plan, 
must be taken into account by Groupe ADP. These changes will require strong coordination at Group level to meet 
the requirements and anticipate the impacts of new regulations in financial and extra-financial communication. 
In addition, the provisions of the draft Finance Bill for 2025 in France may change the rules for funding safety and 
security activities, with a possible increase of the remaining expenses to be borne by Aéroports de Paris. Based on 
estimates of the company's security expenses comprised between €500 million and €600 million a year for the coming 
years, the changes could impact operating income by about €55 to €60 million a year (as compared to the current 
impact of €30 to €35 million). Additionally, the draft Finance Bill for 2025 may raise the solidarity tax on airline 
tickets. Although this would not directly affect Groupe ADP, it might lower travel demand if ticket prices increase,

--- Page 16 ---
16 
which could, in turn, slow down traffic growth. 
Potential effects for the Group 
- 
Financial consequences 
- 
Delay or inability to develop the activities 
Interconnected risks 
- 
Risks related to the effects of climate change 
- 
Risks of corruption and business integrity 
- 
Compliance risks 
- 
Risks related to the economic trajectory 
MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS 
Groupe ADP has set up a CSRD project team, including representatives from all of the Group’s French departments, 
to analyse the gaps between the ESG data and information available in the NFPS and the requirements of the CSRD 
and the taxonomy. An extension process to include controlled subsidiaries, also subject to the CSRD, is underway in 
early 2024. The Group will therefore gradually integrate indicators to anticipate the sustainability reporting required 
by the CSRD. 
II 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A. RISKS APPLICABLE TO ALL SERIES OF NOTES  
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer 
is located in France.  
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and 
on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and 
amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by Ordonnance n°2021-1193 dated 15 
September 2021. Such Ordonnance has amended French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of 
adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of 
adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests 
with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer 
deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a 
specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or 
several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a 
cross-class cram down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 11 
will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply 
in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, could negatively and significantly 
impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all 
or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and waivers 
Condition 11 contains provisions for collective decisions to consider matters affecting their interest generally to be 
adopted either through a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by consent following a written consultation (the 
“Written Resolution”). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend or vote at the relevant General Meeting or did not consent to the Written Resolution and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Collective decisions deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the limitation provided by French law and the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the 
rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may 
lose part of their investment. 
In addition, Condition 11 provides that the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° and 4° of the French Code de 
commerce, respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of any proposal to 
change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) of any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases 
referred to in Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce (only to the extent that such proposal 
relates to a merger or demerger with or into another entity of the Group) or (iii) of any proposal to issue bonds benefiting 
from a security interest (sûreté réelle) which does not benefit to the Masse shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of 
these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may 
affect their interests generally. 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer. An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and investors may lose all 
or part of their investment. 
B. RISKS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
1. Early redemption risks 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a Make-whole 
Redemption option as provided in Condition 6(b), a Residual Maturity Call Option as provided in Condition 6(c), a 
Clean-up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(d), a Call Option as provided in Condition 6(e) or an Acquisition Event 
Call Option as provided in Condition 6(h).  
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 75% of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to 
redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the 
Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of 
capital invested.  
With respect to the Redemption on Acquisition Event, the probability and risks related to the non-consummation of the 
proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) may depend on a variety of 
factors, including (but not limited to) securing competition, foreign investment and other regulatory approvals, obtaining

--- Page 18 ---
18 
consents from commercial counterparties or creditors of the Acquisition Target, completing required employee 
consultation procedures and the implementation of the Group's strategy with respect to the particular Acquisition Target, 
some of which will be outside of the control of the Issuer. In addition, should the completion of the proposed acquisition 
of the Acquisition Target not be completed within the Acquisition Notice Period, the Issuer will have the right (but not 
the obligation) to exercise the Redemption on Acquisition Event at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount (as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms) and in such case Noteholders would not receive the total return expected to be 
received on the Notes. Moreover, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through a Redemption on 
Acquisition Event may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Conversely, if the 
proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target is not consummated, and the Issuer determines not to redeem the Notes, 
the Notes will remain outstanding as obligations of the Issuer and the Acquisition Target will not be a member of the 
Group. The existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes could limit the market value of 
such Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, further to the 
occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 6(k) and/or in case of illegality as described in 
Condition 6(n). 
With respect to the Residual Maturity Call Option, if such option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 6(c) of the Terms and Condition of the Notes 
at any time as from (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (specified in the relevant Final Terms) until 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date.  
Furthermore, the exercise of the Make-whole Redemption option by the Issuer may be subject to certain refinancing 
conditions referred to in the notice published by the Issuer in connection thereto and may in such case cause the notice 
to be revocable. However, even if notice is given in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(b), in the event that 
such refinancing condition has not been satisfied, the Issuer may revoke such notice, in which case the redemption at 
the relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(b) will not occur. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes may have a significant impact on their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be significantly lower 
than expected. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when 
its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. In addition, the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than 
the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholders. These could have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders 
who may lose all or a substantial part of the capital invested in the Notes.  
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing the Notes and 
could have significant financial impact on the Noteholders. 
The Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer, the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, the Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholders, the Acquisition Event Call Option by the Issuer and the Put Option in case of Change 
of Control are exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of such options by the Issuer or the Noteholders, as 
the case may be, in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of 
which such option is not exercised 
The Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b), the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
provided in Condition 6(e), the Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders provided in Condition 6(g), the Acquisition 
Event Call Option by the Issuer in Condition 6(h) and the Put Option in case of Change of Control provided in Condition 
6(i) are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by application of a pool 
factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed). The Issuer could also be compelled to redeem the Notes in part only if the Noteholders decide to 
exercise their Put Option (if specified in the relevant Final Terms), as provided in Condition 6(g) and/or their Put Option

--- Page 19 ---
19 
in case of Change of Control (if specified in the relevant Final Terms) and if a Change of Control were to occur, as 
provided in Condition 6(i). 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in respect of 
those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders may lose part of their 
investment. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
In accordance with Condition 6(i) and Condition 6(g), (i) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Noteholders are 
entitled to exercise a Put Option in case of Change of Control if a Put Event occurs and (ii) the Final Terms for a 
particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Noteholders through the exercise of a 
Put Option. Exercise of a Put Option in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series 
in respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the relevant Final 
Terms or the Put Option in case of Change of Control provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading 
market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid, which shall in 
turn adversely impact those Noteholders from a financial point of view. 
2. Interest rate risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears or in advance on each Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. While the nominal interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes 
is fixed during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets (“market interest rate”) typically 
varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically 
change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would 
typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate 
falls, the market value of the Notes would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the 
market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value 
of the Fixed Rate Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference 
rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin 
will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with 
general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly 
short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest 
rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. A key difference between Floating 
Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying 
interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase 
them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. 
If the Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market 
interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the 
secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). Should the reference rate be at any time negative, 
it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference 
rate and the relevant margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest

--- Page 20 ---
20 
amount be less than zero. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore 
their interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that (i) the Issuer may elect 
to convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the “Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis”), it being specified that the Issuer Change of Interest Basis shall be deemed effective after notification by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or (ii) will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the “Automatic Change of Interest Basis”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The conversion of the interest rate (whether automatic or optional) will affect the secondary market in, and the market 
value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the 
Notes convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
Floating Rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the rate is automatically converted from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility 
may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating Rate Notes”. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. The market values of the Zero Coupon 
Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest 
bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, in similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon 
Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, could be 
subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating 
Rate Notes. Any such volatility may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c), the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes or the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) published 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 2018.  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and 
return on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provisions of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” 
and the use of a “benchmark” within the EEA.  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation), which seek to mitigate any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material adverse impact on any Notes 
linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular: 
- 
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including the Issuer) in 
certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional 
provisions do not apply; and

--- Page 21 ---
21 
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirement of 
the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing 
the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark” and as a 
consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment or receive less income than would have been the 
case without such change. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks”, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to or which 
reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such 
Notes - please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). However, such 
fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the relevant national authority, as further explained 
below. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this 
may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a 
backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the relevant benchmark is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark 
was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes 
linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
The Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 27 November 2019 and further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the 
“Amending Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks 
on the European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain 
Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the 
date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or unavailable benchmark. 
However, there are still uncertainties as to the exact implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts 
taken by the European Commission. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks 
have been further extended until the end of 2025 by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 
2023. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising 
from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation) provides for certain fallback arrangements in 
the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant 
reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap rate, but shall exclude €STR, SOFR, TONA and

--- Page 22 ---
22 
SONIA), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference 
to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)), with or without the application of an Adjustment 
Spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by 
the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates 
and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time. In all these circumstances other fallback rules might apply if the benchmark is 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
to be used for the following Interest Accrual Period(s), as set out in the risk factor above entitled “Reform and regulation 
of “benchmarks””. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. Investors holding such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a 
rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase in rates.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and as a result, 
Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes 
or the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected commercial consequences and might not be favourable to each Noteholder.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (“€STR”), the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Tokyo Overnight Average (“TONA”) and the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rates (“SOFR”), as reference rates in the capital markets for euro, sterling, yen or U.S. dollar bonds, as applicable, and 
their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt 
an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in 
relation to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may issue notes referencing SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR pursuant to 
Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV), 5(c)(iii)(C)(V), 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, in a way that differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued 
by the Issuer referencing SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR.  
The ongoing development of the use of SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as 
well as continued development of SONIA-, €STR-, TONA- or SOFR-based rates for such markets and of the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined 
shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
In addition, as SONIA is published by the Bank of England, €STR is published by the European Central Bank, TONA 
is published by the Bank of Japan and SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Issuer has no 
control over their determination, calculation or publication. SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR may be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described 
in the Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in the Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV), 5(c)(iii)(C)(V), 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI) 
or 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Such methods may result in interest payments that are 
lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the 
SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR reference rate had been provided by the Bank of England, the European Central Bank, 
the Bank of Japan or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as relevant, in their current form. Accordingly, an 
investment in any such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, may entail material risks 
not associated with similar investments in convention debt securities. 
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Notes which is calculated by reference to 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA 
The Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes may be calculated by reference to SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA. Because 
such rates are overnight funding rates, interest on Notes that reference such rates with Interest Accrual Periods longer 
than overnight will be calculated on the basis of:  
(a) 
in the case of SONIA, (i) the weighted average mean of SONIA over the relevant Observation Lookback Period 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period or where SONIA is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, (ii) a compounded SONIA (x) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, 
provided that the SONIA used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of 
days prior to the observation date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest 
Accrual Period,  
(b) 
in the case of SOFR, (i) the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant Interest Accrual Period, where the 
SOFR is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period, (ii) a compounded 
SOFR (x) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided that the SOFR used as the basis for calculation is 
that which was published a specified number of days prior to the observation date or (y) in respect of a period 
that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ends the same specified 
number of days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period or (iii) calculated by reference to the SOFR 
Index published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website,  
(c) 
in the case of €STR, a compounded €STR (x) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided that €STR 
used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior to the observation 
date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period, or  
(d) 
in the case of TONA, a compounded TONA (i) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided that the 
TONA used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior to the 
observation date or (ii) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period.  
As a consequence of these calculation methods, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only 
be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance 
the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes and there is a possibility that such amount could be lower than 
expected.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect holders of Notes that pay a floating rate 
of interest referencing SOFR 
Holders of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest that references SOFR are exposed to the risk that such rate may not 
be widely accepted in the market. The risk of this occurring is mitigated by the fact that SOFR was developed for use 
in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to LIBOR in part because it is considered 
to be a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. However, as a 
rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a 
result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market 
participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR 
historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs 
of banks), which may, in turn, lessen its market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance 
could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for Notes that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR. 
C. RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES 
Liquidity risks/Trading Market for the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on 
any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchanges. The Notes may not have an established trading market when 
issued, and one may never develop. The absence of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of factors 
such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and/or, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the Group, 
and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity and volatility of the 
reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity 
of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the Notes, the performance of other 
instruments linked to the reference rates and the level, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors 
also will affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility 
than conventional debt securities. 
Although in relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, application to admission to trading 
will be subject to compliance with Euronext listing requirements. If an active market for the Notes does not develop or 
is not sustained, the market price or the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. As a 
consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable investors to realise their 
anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency in accordance with Condition 5. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value 
of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes, all of which 
could have a significant adverse effect on the return on the investment of the investors. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors whose financial activities are carried out or dependent 
principally in a currency other than euro may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic 
currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. At the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term debt is rated A- stable outlook by S&P, as described in the section “General 
Description of the Programme”. The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such ratings might not continue for any period of time and might be 
reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of 
information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, this may adversely affect the market 
value of the Notes. Further, Rating Agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If non-solicited ratings are 
assigned, such ratings might differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the Issuer. 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Tranche of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris and/or 
on any other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Therefore, the market value of the 
Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including market interest 
and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-
term debt is rated A- stable outlook by S&P. However, if the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have 
a significant adverse impact on the Noteholders and as a result the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes may decrease. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events 
in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital markets generally and Euronext Paris and/or any 
other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able 
to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase 
price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any 
transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital 
invested.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that are forward-
looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends 
in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and 
generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, 
“anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-
looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-
looking statements, which speak only as at the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit 
forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not undertake any obligation to update or revise 
any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. These 
forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the table below included in the 
following documents (see hyperlinks in pink below):  
a. 
the Rapport Financier Semestriel au 30 juin 2024 of the Issuer (in French language1), including the condensed 
interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2024 and the limited review report of the 
statutory auditors thereon (the “2024 Half-Year Financial Report” or the “2024 HYFR”); 
b. the Document d’enregistrement universel 2023 of the Issuer (in French language2), which was filed with the AMF 
under number D.24-0280 on 12 April 2024, including the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer as 
at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the statutory auditors’ audit reports thereon (the “2023 Universal 
Registration Document” or the “2023 URD”);  
c. 
the Document d’enregistrement universel 2022 of the Issuer (in French language3), which was filed with the AMF 
under number D.23-0284 on 14 April 2023, including the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer as 
at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the statutory auditors’ audit reports thereon (the “2022 Universal 
Registration Document” or the “2022 URD”); 
d. the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained on pages 34 to 96 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 24 January 2024 which received approval no. 24-012 on 24 January 2024 from the AMF (the “January 2024 
EMTN Conditions”).  
The January 2024 EMTN Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with notes already issued under the 
January 2024 EMTN Conditions. Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 24 January 2024 
are not relevant for the investors. 
The sections referred to in the table below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained in a section which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts of 
the documents incorporated by reference are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report, the 2023 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Universal Registration 
Document, which contain the sections incorporated by reference are published and available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf) and may be obtained without charge from the 
registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours.  
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is set out in the 
cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the 
"Commission Delegated Regulation") and not referred to in the cross-reference tables below is either contained in the relevant 
sections of this Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the Issuer.  
 
 
1  The free English language translation of the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report may be obtained without charge from the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/en/group/finance/amf-information). This document is available for information purposes only and is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language version. 
2  The free English language translation of the 2023 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/en/group/finance/amf-information). This document is available for information purposes only and is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language version.  
3  The free English language translation of the 2022 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/en/group/finance/amf-information). This document is available for information purposes only and is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language version.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Any information not listed in the following cross-reference table but included in the documents listed above is given for 
information purposes only. 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list above, the information 
contained on the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein and is for information purposes 
only. Therefore, it does not form any part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Cross-reference table 
 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
 
Information incorporated 
by reference 
2024 HYFR 
2023 URD  
2022 URD 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the 
issuer and that may affect 
the issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the 
securities, 
in 
a 
limited 
number of categories, in a 
section 
headed 
‘Risk 
Factors’. 
 
In each category the most 
material 
risks, 
in 
the 
assessment of the issuer, 
offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking 
into account the negative 
impact on the issuer and the 
probability 
of 
their 
occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall 
be corroborated by the 
content of the registration 
document. 
Pages 30 to 31 
Pages 156 to 175 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer 
 
Page 586 
 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of 
the Issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity 
identifier (“LEI”). 
 
Page 586 
 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation 
and length of life of the 
Issuer, except where the 
period is indefinite. 
 
Page 586 
 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form 
of the Issuer, the legislation 
under which the Issuer 
operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its 
registered 
office 
(or 
principal place of business if 
different from its registered 
office) and website of the 
Issuer, if any, with a 
disclaimer 
that 
the 
information on the website 
does not form part of the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information is incorporated 
 
Page 586

--- Page 30 ---
30 
by 
reference 
into 
the 
prospectus. 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities  
5.1.1 
A brief description of the 
issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories 
of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
Page 33 
Pages 4 to 5 and 66 
 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements 
made 
by 
the 
issuer 
regarding its competitive 
position. 
 
Pages 146 to 147 
 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a 
group, a brief description of 
the group and the issuer’s 
position within the group. 
This may be in the form of, 
or 
accompanied 
by, 
a 
diagram 
of 
the 
organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the 
structure.  
Page 33 
Page 69 
 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
9.1 
Names, business addresses 
and functions within the 
issuer of the following 
persons and an indication of 
the 
principal 
activities 
performed by them outside 
of that issuer where these 
are significant with respect 
to that issuer: 
(a) 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory 
bodies; 
Page 32 
Pages 212 to 222 
 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the 
issuer 
is 
directly 
or 
indirectly 
owned 
or 
controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such 
control and describe the 
measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not 
abused. 
 
Pages 572 to 574 
 
10.2 
A 
description 
of 
any 
arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in 
control of the issuer. 
 
Page 583 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical financial information

--- Page 31 ---
31 
11.1.1 
Historical 
financial 
information covering the 
latest two financial years (at 
least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer 
has been in operation and 
the audit report in respect of 
each year 
Pages 36 to 100 
Pages 432 to 525 
Pages 344 to 433 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
The financial information 
must be prepared according 
to International Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the Union based 
on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 
Pages 45 to 46 
Pages 439 to 441 
Pages 352 to 353 
11.1.5 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements  
If the issuer prepares both 
stand-alone 
and 
consolidated 
financial 
statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial 
statements 
in 
the 
registration document 
Pages 36 to 100 
Pages 432 to 525 
Pages 344 to 433 
11.1.6 
Age of financial 
information 
The balance sheet date of 
the last year of audited 
financial information may 
not be older than 18 months 
from the date of the 
registration document 
 
Page 436 
Page 348 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
11.2.1 
The 
historical 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited. The 
audit 
report 
shall 
be 
prepared in accordance with 
Directive 2006/43/EC and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
537/2014. 
Page 35 (limited 
review) 
Pages 521 to 525 
Pages 430 to 433 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
11.3.1 
Information 
on 
any 
governmental, 
legal 
or 
arbitration 
proceedings 
(including 
any 
such 
proceedings 
which 
are 
pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at 
least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have 
had in the recent past 
significant effects on the 
Issuer 
and/or 
group’s 
financial 
position 
or 
profitability, or provide an 
Page 100 
Pages 182 to 183 and 
517

--- Page 32 ---
32 
appropriate 
negative 
statement. 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12.1 
A brief summary of all 
material contracts that are 
not entered into in the 
ordinary 
course 
of 
the 
issuer's 
business, 
which 
could result in any group 
member being under an 
obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the 
issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations 
to 
security 
holders in respect of the 
securities being issued. 
 
Page 587 
 
 
 
 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the terms and conditions incorporated by reference: 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
The January 2024 EMTN Conditions contained in the 
base prospectus of Aéroports de Paris, which received 
approval no. 24-012 from the AMF on 24 January 2024  
pages 34 to 96

--- Page 33 ---
33 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in 
or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group, the rights attaching to 
the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
listing and admission to trading on a regulated market, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus or replacement Base 
Prospectus to the AMF for approval and supply each Dealer, Euronext Paris and the AMF with such number of copies of such 
supplement to the Base Prospectus or replacement Base Prospectus as may reasonably be requested.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes 
of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Aéroports de Paris (the “Issuer” or “ADP”). An agency agreement dated 18 November 2024 
(the “Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between the Issuer and Uptevia as fiscal agent, paying agent, put agent, 
redenomination agent, consolidation agent, and calculation agent for the purpose of the Conditions (except for Condition 
6(b)) (the “Fiscal Agent”, “Paying Agent”, “Put Agent”, “Redenomination Agent”, “Consolidation Agent” and 
“Calculation Agent”) and a make-whole calculation agency agreement (contrat d’agent de calcul de la clause de make-
whole) relating to the Notes (the “Make-whole Calculation Agency Agreement”) has been entered into on 16 
December 2022 between the Issuer and Aether Financial Services as make-whole calculation agent for the purpose of 
Condition 6(b) only (the “Make-whole Calculation Agent”) (which expressions shall, where the context so admits, 
include any successor for the time being as fiscal agent, paying agent, put agent, redenomination agent, consolidation 
agent, calculation agent or make-whole calculation agent, as the case may be, and are collectively referred to as the 
“Agents”). 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. For 
the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of 
the French Code monétaire et financier by book-entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au porteur), which will be 
inscribed in the books of Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder either in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by the 
Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer 
(the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with French laws unless 
such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any authorised intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”).  
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the “Specified 
Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) 
or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary 
or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated 
in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to the Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to the Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent. 
(ii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for 
all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
(iii) 
In these Conditions, “Holder of Notes”, “Holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means the 
person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes; and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination:  
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days’ notice 
in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on which the European Member State 
in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State 
in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the 
“Treaty”), or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
“EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into euro and adjust 
the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes 
effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure 
resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national 
currency euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The euro 
denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than 
euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest euro 0.01 (with 
euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in euro on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 12, without the consent of the holder of any Note, make any changes or 
additions to these Conditions or Condition 12 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account 
market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes 
are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes and shall be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note or other person 
for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or 
transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series 
(each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of Tranche), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be fungible with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche (except the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of 
the Tranche), which will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(i) 
Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into Notes in registered form, whether in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur). 
(iii) 
Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the Noteholder, be 
converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The 
exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (engagements chirographaires) and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory 
under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness, obligations or guarantees of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
4 
Negative Pledge 
The Issuer agrees that so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, it will not create or permit to subsist 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest which would constitute a 
sûreté réelle or its equivalent under any applicable legislation upon all or part of its assets, revenues or rights, 
present or future, to secure any Bond Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes are equally and rateably secured therewith so as to rank pari passu with such Bond Indebtedness or 
the guarantee or indemnity thereof.  
For the purpose of this Condition: 
(i) 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than: (a) those which have 
been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption 
in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption monies (including all interest 
accrued on such Notes to, but excluding, the date for such redemption and any interest payable under 
Condition 5 after such date) have been duly paid to the Fiscal Agent, (c) those which have been 
purchased and that are held or have been cancelled as provided in Condition 6 and (d) those in respect 
of which claims have become prescribed under Condition 10. 
(ii) 
“Bond Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds (obligations) or other securities (including titres de créances négociables) which 
are, or are capable of being, listed, admitted to trading or ordinarily dealt in any stock exchange, over-
the counter or other securities market. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the FBF Definitions and in the ISDA Definitions 
have either been used or reproduced in this Condition 5. 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by the 
ISDA, as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor thereto or replacement for that system (“T2”) is operating (a “T2 
Business Day”);  
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s) so 
specified,

--- Page 38 ---
38 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):  
(i) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 
365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 - FBF shall mean the 
sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-
leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number 
of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where:  
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360” or “360/360 (Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 39 ---
39 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted or adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended,  
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to Transactions 
on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the “FBF Master Agreement”), as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series,  
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be, 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two T2 Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the

--- Page 40 ---
40 
city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro, 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
“ISDA Definitions” means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided in each case that if the Calculation Agent determines 
that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives 
published from time to time, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination, 
“Issue Date” means, in respect of any Notes, the date of issuance of such Notes, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, 
“Margin” means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or figures with respect to the applicable Interest 
Accrual Period specified in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that such margin can have a positive or 
a negative value or be equal to zero, 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent with the 
approval of the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
TONA or SOFR (or any successor or replacement rate),  
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, the date on which payment in respect of it first became due or 
(if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of 
the amount outstanding is made, 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section, caption, column or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be 
nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate,  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear or in advance as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest (“Fixed Coupon Amount”) or a broken amount of interest (“Broken 
Amount”) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Conditions 5(h) and 5(i). Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Accrual Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such 
date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not 
been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is 
to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be 
affected by the application of that Business Day Convention.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate (Taux Variable) is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
II. 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate 
Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)” and “Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and “2006 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
If the paragraph “Floating Rate Option” in the relevant Final Terms provides that the 
rate of interest will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Accrual Period will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) rates of 
interest based on the relevant Floating Rate, provided that the first rate of interest 
corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to the duration of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately superior to 
the same relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2021 ISDA Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
IV. 
the relevant “Fixing Day” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
V. 
the “Effective Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
VI. 
the “Termination Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
VII. 
the relevant “Calculation Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which 
purpose references to “Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and 
any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and 
VIII. 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, the “Lookback” is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, “Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the “Observation Period Shift” is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period Business Day” is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the “Lockout” is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if 
no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise defined in such 
sub-paragraph, 
“Calculation 
Agent”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lockout”, 
“Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, 
“Delayed Payment”, “Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, “Floating Rate”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”,

--- Page 44 ---
44 
“Lookback”, “Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight 
Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Reset Date”, “Set in Advance” and 
“Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. For such purpose, 
references to “Relevant Rate” under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to 
be references to the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
I. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) subject to Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, 
be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or  
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (a indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
II. 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph I.(i) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 
I.(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
III. 
if paragraph II. above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-

--- Page 45 ---
45 
zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro zone inter-bank market, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
IV. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period, will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(IV)(A) below or 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV)(B) below subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV)(D) below. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will be the Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(IV) : 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(x) 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms: 
 [∏(1 + SONIAi−pLBD × ni
365
) −1] × 365
d
do
i=1
;  or

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
⌊∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐼× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
⌋× 365
𝑑 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
“d” means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" or “Lock-out” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period; 
“do” means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the number of London Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Observation Lookback 
Period, the number of London Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant London Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first London Business Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the Interest Period Date falling 
at the end of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period where “Lag” or “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the number of London Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five London Business Days); 
“ni” means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such London Business Day i up to 
(but excluding) the following London Business Day; 
“Observation Lookback Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p 
London Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) the date which is p

--- Page 47 ---
47 
London Business Days prior to the Interest Period Date falling at the 
end of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Reference Day” means each London Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period that is not a London Business Day falling in the 
Lock-out Period;  
“SONIA i” means, in respect of a London Business Day i: 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of such London 
Business Day i; or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that is a 
Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day i; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means:  
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in 
respect of the London Business Day falling p London Business 
Days prior to such London Business Day i; or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, 
SONIA i in respect of such London Business Day i. 
“SONIA Rate” means, in respect of any London Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate 
for such London Business Day, as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Business Day immediately following such London Business Day; and  
“Weighted Average SONIA” means: 
(x) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of 
each calendar day during the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period divided by the number of calendar days during such 
Observation Lookback Period. For these purposes, the SONIA 
Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect 
of the London Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; or

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(y) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of 
each calendar day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Rate for such 
calendar day will be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of 
the London Business Day immediately preceding the first day 
of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of any calendar day which is not a London Business Day 
shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate 
shall be: 
(x) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at the close of business on the relevant London 
Business Day; plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the spread of 
SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(y) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding 
London Business Day on which the SONIA Rate was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London 
Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined 
or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent 
shall follow such guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as 
the SONIA Rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin,

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period); or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject to the 
application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period). 
 
V. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
  
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business 
Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, then 
the €STR for such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect 
of the last T2 Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website 
of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business 
Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day 
in the relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the 
first T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for 
each T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on 
or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall 
be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
€STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were 
references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, 
the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)(V): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
1) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the 
€STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) T2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
2) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended 
Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) T2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 
a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as 
provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business Day 
immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 
Business Days prior to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; or 
2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency 
of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
€STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
€STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of 
€STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“€STR Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from and including the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first €STR 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling “p” T2 Business 
Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such 
Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the 
Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following T2 Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
VI. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being TONA, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily TONA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, and calculated in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI), subject to the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VI)(A) below and Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI)(B) below, and the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VI): 
“Compounded Daily TONA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for an investment in Japanese yen 
on each calendar day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, compounded 
daily (with the daily Tokyo Overnight Average rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest), calculated by the Calculation Agent, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) if “TONA Compound with Lookback” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 5 
Tokyo Banking Days; 
“ni” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi up to (but excluding) the 
following Tokyo Banking Day; 
“TONAi” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in respect of such 
Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
“TONAi-pTBD” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONAi in respect 
of the Tokyo Banking Day falling p Tokyo Banking Days prior to such Tokyo 
Banking Day; 
 
(ii) if “TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× n𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards;

--- Page 54 ---
54 
“d” means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the number of calendar 
days in such TONA Observation Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days in such TONA Observation Period; 
“I” means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, a series of whole 
numbers from one to d0, each representing the Tokyo Banking Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in such 
TONA Observation Period; 
“ni” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi up to (but excluding) the 
following Tokyo Banking Day; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Relevant Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 5 
Relevant Business Days;  
“Relevant Business Day” means a day which is (i) a Tokyo Banking Day, (ii) 
if one or more Observation Shift Business Centre(s) (other than T2) are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Observation Shift Business Centre(s) 
and (iii) if “T2” is specified as an Observation Shift Business Centre, a day on 
which the T2 is open;  
“TONA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling the number of Observation 
Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period and ending on 
(but excluding) the date that is the number Observation Shift Days prior to the 
next occurring Interest Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period;  
“TONAi” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in respect of such 
Tokyo Banking Dayi;  
“Tokyo Banking Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Tokyo; and 
“TONA” means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent, in respect of a 
Tokyo Banking Day, being the Tokyo Overnight Average (TONA) rate 
administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator) for such 
Tokyo Banking Day as provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) in each case as of approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo 
time) (or any amended publication time as specified by the administrator of 
such rate) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such Tokyo 
Banking Day. If no such rate is published by the administrator of TONA or an 
authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of 
TONA other than as a consequence of a TONA Index Cessation Event, then 
TONA for such Tokyo Banking Day will be TONA last provided or published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by relevant authorised 
distributors) that appears at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Bank of Japan's Website on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following 
such Tokyo Banking Day. 
(A) Correction of TONA 
If TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day is subsequently corrected and provided 
by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors of TONA and published on the 
Relevant Screen Page no later than the Correction Cut-off Time (if any) or, if later (or 
there is no such Correction Cut-off Time), one hour after the rate for such Tokyo 
Banking Day is published on the Relevant Screen Page, then TONA in respect of such 
Tokyo Banking Day shall be the subsequently corrected and published rate appearing 
on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Where: 
“Correction Cut-off Time” means the time specified as such by the administrator of 
TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology. 
(B) TONA Fallbacks 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the 
TONA Reference Time on any Tokyo Banking Day that a TONA Index Cessation Event 
has occurred, then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the 
TONA Index Cessation Effective Date will be the JPY Recommended Rate.  
If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Banking Day 
following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date, but neither the administrator nor 
authorised distributors provide or publish the JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject to 
the below, in respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, 
references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last 
provided or published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided 
or published JPY Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which the JPY 
Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be 
deemed to be references to the last provided or published TONA.  
If: 
(i) there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Banking 
Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date; or  
(ii) there is a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs in respect of such JPY 
Recommended Rate, 
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the TONA Index 
Cessation Effective Date or a JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day occurring on or after 
the JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date, as the case may be, will 
be a commercially reasonable alternative for TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate, as 
the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account any rate implemented by central 
counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with trading volumes in 
derivatives or futures referencing TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate (as applicable) 
that the Calculation Agent, considers sufficient for that rate to be a representative 
alternative rate.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI)(B): 
“JPY Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for TONA

--- Page 56 ---
56 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate may be produced by the Bank 
of Japan or another administrator) and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, 
if that rate is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor administrator), 
published by an authorised distributor in respect of such day; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day” means, in respect of the JPY Recommended 
Rate and any day, the publication day specified by the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate for the JPY Recommended Rate in its benchmark methodology; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of the 
JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the 
first date on which the JPY Recommended Rate would ordinarily have been published 
or provided and is no longer published or provided;  
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate:  
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the JPY Recommended Rate; or  
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the JPY Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate; 
“TONA Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of TONA and a TONA 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which TONA would ordinarily have been 
published or provided and is no longer published or provided;  
“TONA Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of TONA:  
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of TONA announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
TONA; or  
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of TONA, the central bank for the currency of TONA, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of TONA, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of TONA or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of TONA, which states that the administrator of TONA has 
ceased or will cease to provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided

--- Page 57 ---
57 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide TONA; and 
“TONA Reference Time” means, with respect to any determination of TONA, 10.00 
a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following the date of such 
determination. 
 
VII. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(A) or 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(B), subject to the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(D) below. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being “SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, the Rate of Interest will be the 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being “SOFR Compound”, the Rate of Interest will be the 
Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VII) : 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen 
designated "SOFRRATE" or any successor page or service; 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each calendar day during the 
Interest Accrual Period, compounded daily, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(i) 
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi−pUSBD × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days;  
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi (“pUSBD”), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-
Off Date is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, SOFRi 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the next occurring Interest Period Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period;  
(ii) if “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
“d” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Observation Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling the number of 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period and ending on (but excluding) the date that is the number

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest Period Date 
in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no 
such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
“SOFRi” means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi;  
(iii) if “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
( SOFR Index Final
SOFR Index Initial
−1) × 360
dc
 
Where: 
“dc” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if no such number is specified, two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; 
“SOFR Index” means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal 
Reserve as such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website at 
the SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) 
above does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the SOFR Index was published on the NY 
Federal Reserve’s Website;  
“SOFR IndexFinal” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days prior to the next occurring Interest Period Date in such Interest 
Accrual Period; and 
“SOFR IndexInitial” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (or, in the case 
of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date);  
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the NY Federal 
Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of 
the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of 
SOFR; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
“SOFR” means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in respect 
of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the 
following provisions:  
(a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the “SOFR Determination 
Time”) on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, 
if no such rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website on such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the “SOFR Screen Page”); or 
(b) if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website; 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such 
Interest Accrual Period, as calculated by the Calculation Agent provided 
that, SOFR in respect of each calendar day during the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next occurring 
Interest Period Date will be SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these 
purposes, SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to the preceding 
proviso, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day;  
“SOFR Cut-Off Date” means, unless specified as not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the fourth 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period (or such other 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); and  
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (“SIFMA”) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (A) to (C) above, if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then

--- Page 61 ---
61 
the provisions set forth in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(D) below will 
apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines at any time 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that a SOFR Transition Event and the related 
SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent will 
appoint an agent (the “Replacement Rate Determination Agent”) 
which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) an affiliate of the 
Calculation Agent or (z) such other independent entity that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out such role.  
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine appropriate 
SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case 
may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and 
the Noteholders.  
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Calculation 
Agent may subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event and a 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR 
Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been 
substituted by the SOFR Replacement and any SOFR Replacement 
Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution have been 
applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed 
to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the 
following definitions shall apply:  
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto (“ISDA”), as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Notes of such Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and 
any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA 
on its website (www.isda.org); 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to SOFR for the 
applicable tenor; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto; 
“SOFR Benchmark” means (a) (unless SOFR Compound – SOFR Index 
with Observation Shift is specified in the relevant Final Terms) SOFR or 
(b) SOFR Index (each as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(C) 
above);  
“SOFR Replacement” means any one (or more) of the SOFR 
Replacement Alternatives to be determined by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date if the Calculation 
Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines that a SOFR Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to the 
SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination of the SOFR 
Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
accordance with: 
(a) the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
Priority in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(b) if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the 
priority set forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent is unable to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with 
the first SOFR Replacement Alternative listed, it shall attempt to 
determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the each 
subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and each subsequent 
Interest Accrual Period, subject to the occurrence of a subsequent SOFR 
Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date; 
“SOFR Replacement Alternatives” means:  
(a) the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Interest Accrual Period and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment 
(the “Relevant Governmental Body Replacement”); 
(b) the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment (the “ISDA Fallback Replacement”); or 
(c) the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment (the “Industry Replacement”); 
“SOFR Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as of the applicable SOFR Replacement Date:  
(a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement;  
(b) if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(c) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time; 
“SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to 
any SOFR Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including, but not limited to, changes to timing and frequency 
of determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, 
business day convention and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of 
the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner); 
“SOFR Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "SOFR 
Transition Event" the later of (i) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on 
which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of "SOFR 
Transition Event" the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein; or 
(c) in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day on which the SOFR 
Benchmark has not been published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of 
information as referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above, should such 
event or circumstance referred to in such a public statement or 
publication occur on a date falling later than three months after the 
relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall 
be deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such 
specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or 
publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR 
Determination Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time for such determination. 
“SOFR Transition Event” means the occurrence of any one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant); 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), the central bank for the currency of the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for SOFR (or such 
component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which states 
that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has been or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(d) the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a 
successor administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days; and 
“Unadjusted SOFR Replacement” means the SOFR Replacement prior 
to the application of any SOFR Replacement Adjustment. 
 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final terms), the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), “Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in 
relation to FBF Determination, the period of time specified in the relevant FBF Rate, 
(b) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate, and (c) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(E) 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions 
of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not

--- Page 66 ---
66 
apply and shall not prevail over other fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(A), 
5(c)(iii)(B) and shall not apply to SONIA, €STR, TONA and SOFR. 
(a) Independent Adviser  
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(b)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in 
the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E). 
(b) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner that: 
1. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (c)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)); or 
2. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)). 
(c) Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(d) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (A) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until 
the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(g) Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the 
Original Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), namely the Rate 
of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, will 
continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), 
mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (and, until such determination and notification 
(if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified 
in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will continue to apply in accordance with their 
terms). This may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period in 
question. 
(h) Definitions

--- Page 68 ---
68 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to be 
appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) 
and which is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified 
date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or

--- Page 69 ---
69 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in (i);  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
within the following six months; 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed; 
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if 
applicable); or 
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant 
to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended) of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been 
adopted. 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(a); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, two or more successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or replacement 
rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Switch Date”): (i) the Issuer 
may elect to convert the rate at which the Notes bear interest from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the “Issuer Change of Interest Basis”), it being specified that 
the Issuer Change of Interest Basis shall be deemed effective after notification by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with Condition 13, 
or (ii) the rate at which the Notes bear interest will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the “Automatic Change of Interest Basis”), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Switch Date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Make-
whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of such 
Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be 
a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(j)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
on such due date, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 5(a)). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in 
the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of 
(y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case 
may be, provided that in no event, will the Rate of Interest be less than the Minimum Rate of 
Interest of 0.00 per cent. Whether or not a Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in no event shall the rate of interest (including 
for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted with any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency

--- Page 71 ---
71 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency.  
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period 
shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Acquisition Event Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent or 
the Make-whole Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Acquisition 
Event Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Acquisition Event Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, 
the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual 
Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Make-whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to 
procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents or one Make-whole Calculation 
Agent if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement or the Make-whole Calculation Agency Agreement). 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount, 
Acquisition Event Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or 
any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent or 
the Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent or the Make-
whole Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any 
issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to the satisfaction of any refinancing conditions to which the 
redemption is subject and compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice in accordance 
with Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (which notice shall (i) specify the date fixed for redemption, (ii) specify the refinancing 
conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any) and (iii) be otherwise irrevocable), redeem the 
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the 
“Make-whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-whole Redemption Amount.  
The “Make-whole Redemption Amount” will be calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
and will be an amount in the Specified Currency rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded 
upwards) being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed and, 
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
on such Notes until the Relevant Redemption Date (determined on the basis of the interest rate 
applicable to the Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes from and including the Issue 
Date or, as the case may be, the scheduled Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Make-
whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, such Make-whole Redemption Date)) discounted from the 
Relevant Redemption Date, to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each 
case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption 
Date. 
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means Aether Financial Services, or any successor thereto. 
“Principal Amount” means the Specified Denomination of the Notes, subject, as the case may be, to 
any adjustment as described in Condition 6(f). 
The “Redemption Rate” means: 
(i) 
the yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
expressed as an annual rate as determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent based on the 
Reference Security mid- market price published on the relevant Regulated Market on the fourth 
(4th) business day in Paris preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)); or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Security price cannot be determined in accordance with (i) above, the yield to 
maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) expressed as an 
annual rate as determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent based on the Reference 
Security mid-market price published on the relevant Bloomberg screen page (or such other 
page or service as may replace it for the purpose of displaying such price) on the fourth (4th) 
business day in Paris preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)); or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(iii) 
if the Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Reference Security price 
pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the average of the four quotations (eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations)) given by the Reference Dealers of 
the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) business day in Paris preceding the Make-whole Redemption 
Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET). 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-
whole Calculation Agent after prior consultation with the Issuer if practicable under the circumstances 
at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the third (3rd) business day in Paris preceding the 
Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and notified in accordance with Condition 13. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Redemption Date” means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The Make-whole Redemption Amount and the Redemption Rate will be notified in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 6(b). 
The Make-whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as agent for the Issuer 
or the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at par, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (their “Optional Redemption Amount”), together with 
any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period 
starting on (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date.  
(d) 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the event that at least 75% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular 
Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt include any additional Notes issued subsequently 
and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has been purchased 
or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than thirty 
(30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes in that Series at par, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (their “Optional Redemption Amount”), together with any interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
This Clean-up Call Option shall not be exercised within the 12 months following the exercise of a 
partial redemption by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) or 
Condition 6(h) (Redemption on Acquisition Event). 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem, in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date, as the case may be, at their Optional Redemption Amount as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed 
for redemption. Any partial redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Partial Redemption: In the case of a partial redemption, the redemption shall be effected by 
application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all Notes in a Series 
in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed), subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market and the 
rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been 
a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 
of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the 
website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where 
the Notes are admitted to trading a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If a Put 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon 
the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or part 
of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at their Optional Redemption 
Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a 
duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained from any Paying 
Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period. The Noteholder shall 
transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent 
specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited 
or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(h) 
Redemption on Acquisition Event: If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 
13 to the Noteholders within the Acquisition Notice Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
at its option, redeem, in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes of the 
relevant Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
Any partial redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. All Notes in

--- Page 75 ---
75 
respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition. Concurrently with the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant 
to this Condition 6(h), the Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate indicating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred.  
For the purposes of this Condition:  
an “Acquisition Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to the 
Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in the Final Terms), completed and closed the acquisition 
of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) has publicly announced that it no 
longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control:  
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control (as defined below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if a Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer 
to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the Put Date (as defined 
below) at their Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms together with 
interest accrued up to but excluding such date of redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put 
Option in case of Change of Control”) shall operate as set out below. 
(A) A “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) any person or group of persons acting in concert (within the meaning of Article L. 233-10 
of the French Code de commerce) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such 
person(s) (the “Relevant Persons”) (a) acquires directly or indirectly more than fifty (50) 
per cent. of the total voting rights or of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer (or 
any successor entity), and/or (b) acquires directly or indirectly a number of shares in the 
ordinary share capital of the Issuer carrying more than forty (40) per cent. of the voting 
rights exercisable in general meetings of the Issuer and provided that no other shareholder 
of such entity, directly or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with others, holds a number 
of shares carrying a percentage of the voting rights exercisable in such general meetings 
which is higher than the percentage of voting rights attached to the number of shares held 
directly or indirectly by such Relevant Person(s) (any such event being a “Change of 
Control”); and 
(ii) on the date notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (the 
“Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the first public 
announcement of the Change of Control; and (y) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential 
Change of Control Announcement, either the Notes or the senior unsecured long-term 
debt of the Issuer carries from any of Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) or any of 
their respective successors or affiliates to the rating business thereof, or any other rating 
agency (each a “Substitute Rating Agency”) of equivalent international standing (each, 
a “Rating Agency”), in each case solicited by the Issuer: 
(x) an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or their equivalent for the time 
being, or better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is, within the Change of 
Control Period either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating 
(Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent for the time being, or worse) or withdrawn and is not, 
within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an investment grade credit 
rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(y) a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or their equivalent for the time 
being, or worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of 
Control Period either downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration,

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the 
Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in 
the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
1. any such decision of the relevant Rating Agency referred to in (x) or (y) above 
shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control 
if such Rating Agency does not publicly announce or confirm that such decision 
was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance relating to such 
Change of Control; and 
2. if at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control neither the Notes nor the 
senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer is rated by a Rating Agency, and no 
Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control Period an investment grade 
rating to the Notes, a Put Event will be deemed to have occurred. 
(B) Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying 
the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising 
the option contained in this Condition. 
(C) To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred the Notes to be so 
redeemed or repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent and deliver to the Issuer a duly 
completed or repurchase notice in writing (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), in which such 
Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this paragraph, 
within the period (the “Put Period”) of forty-five (45) calendar days after a Put Event Notice 
is given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer written notice of the occurrence of 
a Put Event of which it is aware and (ii) the Issuer fails to give a Put Event Notice to the 
Noteholders by close of business of the third (3rd) Business Day after the receipt of such 
notice from the Noteholder, in which case the Put Period will start from such third Business 
Day and will end on the day falling forty-five (45) calendar days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or 
repurchase the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of Change of Control has been 
validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of the Notes, on the date which 
is the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Put Date”). Payment 
in respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change 
of Control Put Notice. 
(D) For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement 
Date, and ending 180 calendar days (inclusive) after the occurrence of the relevant Change of 
Control (or such longer period for which the Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt of 
the Issuer are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within 
the period ending 120 calendar days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control) 
for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by, a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 
60 calendar days after the public announcement of such consideration); and 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement 
or statement by the Issuer or any Relevant Person thereto relating to any potential Change of 
Control.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(j) 
Optional Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(g), 6(h), 6(i), 6(k) and 6(n) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be calculated as provided below.  
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition 
Event Redemption Amount, of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Optional Redemption Amount, an 
Early Redemption Amount, a Make-whole Redemption Amount or an Acquisition Event 
Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back 
to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount payable in respect 
of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(g), 
6(h), 6(i), 6(k) and 6(n) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
is not paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount becomes due and 
payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition 
Event Redemption Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be 
the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together 
with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(k) or 6(n), or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes not be able to 
make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8 (b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) subject to

--- Page 78 ---
78 
having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem, in 
whole but not in part, the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption 
of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding or 
deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be 
prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders of the full amounts then 
due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 8 (b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes 
then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after 
such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders 
shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar 
days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any time, (if this Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount payable in respect of the Notes or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(l) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. Unless the possibility of 
holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the 
Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with French laws and regulations. 
(m) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation must be cancelled by 
transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, if so 
transferred, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Notes). Any Notes so 
cancelled or, where applicable, transferred for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(n) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not 
more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption. 
7 
Payments  
(a) 
Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Notes in bearer 
form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant 
currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Notes 
in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated 
by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge 
of the Issuer in respect of such payments.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to Condition 8) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to 
the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each such case, do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent 
and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices 
in at least two major European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and, so long as the rules of, or applicable to, the relevant Regulated Market so require), 
(v) in the case of Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as 
may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed or admitted to 
trading. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 12, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which 
Euroclear France is open for business, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than 
euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro), 
which is a T2 Business Day.  
8 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If, pursuant to French law or regulation, payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues in respect of any Note become subject to withholding or deduction for any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary in order that the holder of each Note, after such withholding or deduction, will receive the 
full amount then due and payable thereon in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, 
however, that the Issuer shall not be liable to pay any such additional amounts in respect of any Note 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection with France 
other than the mere holding of such Note. 
Any references in these Conditions to principal and/or interest shall be deemed also to refer to any additional 
amounts which may be payable under the provisions of this Condition 8. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 11), upon written notice of any Noteholder, will, upon 
written notice to the Issuer and to the Fiscal Agent by mail with acknowledgement of receipt, cause all the Notes 
(but not some only) held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable, at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued since the last Interest Payment Date (or, if applicable, since the relevant 
Issue Date) preceding the early redemption date and until the date of effective redemption (excluded), if any of 
the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, unless such Events of Default have been cured by 
the Issuer prior to the receipt of such notice: 
(a) 
if any amount of principal or interest on any Note (including any amount payable pursuant to Condition 
8) is not paid by the Issuer on the due date thereof and such default is not remedied by the Issuer within 
a period of fifteen (15) days from the due date of such default; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer defaults in the due performance of any other material obligation in respect of the Notes 
and such default continues for a period of thirty (30) days following receipt by the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent of a written notice of such default; or 
(c) 
(i) in the event that any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer in an amount exceeding one 
hundred and fifty million euros (€150,000,000) is declared due and payable by reason of a default by 
the Issuer under the terms of such borrowing, or (ii) in the event that measures are taken with respect 
to the security guaranteeing any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer in an amount exceeding 
one hundred and fifty million euros (€150,000,000) (or on expiry of any grace period that is initially 
applicable), or (iii) in the event that the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under any guarantee 
for any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer in an amount exceeding one hundred and fifty 
million euros (€150,000,000), unless the Issuer contests in good faith such payment or the validity of 
the enforcement of the guarantee and such claim has been brought to the competent jurisdictions, in 
which case the relevant payment default shall not constitute an event of default so long as the 
proceedings have not resulted in a definitive decision; or  
(d) 
if the Issuer is wound up or dissolved or merges into another entity, unless such entity shall be the 
transferee of or successor and assumes all of the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes.  
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and 
become void unless made within five (5) years from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a masse (the “Masse”).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the 
exception of Articles L.228-71, L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° (only with respect to a merger or demerger with or into another entity 
of the Group) and 4°, R.228-63 and R.228-69, subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the “Representative”) 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the “Collective Decisions”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative shall be MASSQUOTE 
S.A.S. registered under number 529 065 880 RCS Nanterre, whose registered office is located at 33 rue Anna 
Jacquin, 92100 Boulogne Billancourt, France, represented by its Chairman. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative 
of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of 
any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take 
all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the 
capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by consent 
following a written consultation (the “Written Resolution”) (as further described in Condition 11(iv)(b) 
below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 
Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Collective Decisions and decisions relating to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-14 of the French Code de 
commerce must be published in accordance with Condition 13(e). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
 
(a) General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount 
of the relevant Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand 
for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been called within 
two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition 
the competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the relevant Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the 
General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders 
attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 13(e) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of 
the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the 
date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented 
at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
Representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented 
at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of 
the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative 
has been appointed. 
(b) Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in 
lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders 
by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may 
be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French 
Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Written Resolution shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 
Condition 11(iv)(a) above. Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect

--- Page 83 ---
83 
as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. For the purpose hereof, a 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders holding together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding. 
 
(c)  Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° and 4° of the French Code de commerce, 
respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of 
any proposal to change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) of any proposal to merge 
or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French 
Code de commerce (only to the extent that such proposal relates to a merger or demerger with 
or into another entity of the Group) or (iii) of any proposal to issue bonds benefiting from a 
security interest (sûreté réelle) which does not benefit to the Masse shall not apply to the Notes. 
 
(v) 
Expenses 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon 
by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
(vi) 
Single Masse 
 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 12, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse.  
(vii) 
Sole Noteholder 
 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a Representative has 
been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Masse by the provision of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register 
of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(viii) Notice to the Noteholders 
 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 13(e) below. 
(ix) 
Outstanding Notes 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those Notes 
purchased by the Issuer in accordance with French laws and regulations that are held by it and not cancelled. 
12 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue 
further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single Series with the Notes provided such Notes and 
the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save for Issue Date, Issue Price, 
the first payment of interest and the aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further 
notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on

--- Page 84 ---
84 
or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of the Noteholders, consolidate the Notes of 
one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of 
the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not 
originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
13 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to 
them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (b) so long as such Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (x) in a leading 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading is located or (y) on the website of any other Regulated Market where the Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published, (i) so long as such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and, (ii) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is 
located or (b) on the website of any other Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the 
first publication as provided above.  
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these 
Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any 
other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication of a notice required by Conditions 13 (a) and (b) above; except that notices will be published (a) so 
long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF, and (b) so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) so require, on the 
website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) 
as otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the Collective Decisions pursuant 
to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-14 of the French Code de commerce shall be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and, if such publication is not practicable in 
respect of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in 
which case they will be deemed to have been given notice on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing.  
14 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before any competent 
court in the jurisdiction of the Cour d'appel de Paris.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or as otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there 
is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above).  
 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds for acquisition 
consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Final 
Terms will also state the potential use for general financing requirements if the Acquisition Event occurs but the Issuer elects not 
to use the Acquisition Event Call Option.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
DESCRIPTION OF AEROPORTS DE PARIS 
 
For a general description of the Issuer and the Group, please refer to the sections of the 2023 Universal Registration Document 
referred to in the cross-reference table appearing in section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above. 
  
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer is 1, rue de France, 93290 Tremblay-en-France, 
France. 
 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between 
the duties of the members of the Board of Directors and the non-voting Board members with respect to the Issuer, and their 
private interests or other duties, with the exception, where applicable, of the duties of Séverin Cabannes by virtue of his office 
as director of Moody’s Investors Service and ARKEMA, his activities consulting services to Accenture, Kyndryl and TNP. In 
addition, the director representing the French State and the five directors representing the interests of the State may have potential 
conflicts of interest in the Issuer’s relationship with the State or the companies or public entities in which they participate. In 
addition to the provisions of the French Commercial Code applicable to related-party agreements, the Rules of Procedure of the 
Board of Directors specify the rules for preventing the risk of conflicts of interest of the members of the Board of Directors with 
the Issuer or any company in its Group and the rules governing the transmission of sensitive data to Board members.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
On 24 October 2024, the Issuer published the following press release: 
FINANCIAL RELEASE 
QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION AS OF 30th OF SEPTEMBER4 2024 
 
October 24th, 2024 
Aéroports de Paris SA 
 
R e v e n ue f or  th e f ir s t 9  mo nths o f  2024 sho wing so lid gr o wth  
C on tin u in g  to  de plo y  the  gr o up’ s str ate gy  
F u l l- y e ar  tar ge ts c o nf ir me d  
 
◆ 9 months revenue up +11.7% compared to the same period in 2023, to €4,605M. All business segments 
are growing.  
◆ Strategic progress in the development of the group : 
◆ Completion of the operation turning GMR Airports into a listed company on the Indian financial 
markets, in which Groupe ADP holds an economic interest of 45.7 %5;  
◆ Completion of two acquisitions expanding Extime hospitality offering beyond Parisian airports. 
◆ 2024-2025 forecasts and targets confirmed. 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, all variations are expressed in comparison with the 9-months revenue 2023. 
Definitions of operating and financial indicators appear in Appendix 1. 
 
Key figures 
 
OPERATIONAL INDICATORS 
9M 2024 
9M 2023 
Change 2024/2023 
Group traffic6 
275.1 Mpax  
254.5 Mpax  
20.5 Mpax  
+8.1% 
of which Paris Aéroport traffic 
78.4 Mpax  
75.6 Mpax  
2.9 Mpax  
+3.8% 
 
9M 2024 
9M 2023 
Change 2024/2023 
Extime Paris Sales / Pax7 
€31.4 
€29.7 
+€1.7 
+5.6 % 
 
 
 
4 This document is voluntarily prepared by Aéroports de Paris. Refer to Article 10 of the AMF’s position-recommendation - Guide to periodic disclosure 
for listed companies (DOC-2016-05, last amended on July 28, 2023). 
5 45.7% economic interest consisting of 3,410,614,011 ordinary equity shares and 65,111,022 OCRPS Preference Shares, conditionally convertible into 
2,604,440,880 ordinary equity shares. 
6 Group traffic includes airports operated by Groupe ADP in freehold (incl. Almaty) or under concession, receiving regular commercial passenger traffic, 
excluding airports under management contract. Historical data since 2019 is available on the company's website. 
7 Sales per passenger in the airside activities, including shops, bars & restaurants, foreign exchange & tax refund counters, commercial lounges, VIP 
reception, advertising and other paid services in the airside area.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
CONSOLIDATED REVENUE 
9M 2024 
9M 2023 
Change 2024/2023 
Revenue8 
€4,605M 
€4,121M 
€484M 
+11.7 % 
   of which Aviation 
€1,534M 
€1,447M 
+€87M 
+6.0 % 
   of which Retail & services 
€1,434M 
€1,297M 
+€137M 
+10.6 % 
   of which Real estate 
€251M 
€242M 
+€9M 
+3.7 % 
   of which Intl. & airport developments 
€1,482M 
€1,231M 
+€251M 
+20.4 % 
 
 
 
 
8 Before inter-segment eliminations, see page 8 of this financial release for details of consolidated revenue.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Augustin de Romanet, Chairman and CEO of Groupe ADP, stated: 
"Groupe ADP recorded solid growth in its consolidated revenue. In the first 9 months of 2024, it is up +11.7%, reaching 4.6 billion euros. 
Over this period, we welcomed 275.1 million passengers across our entire airport network, including 78.4 million in Paris, up +3.8%, in 
line with the 2024 traffic hypothesis. Extime Paris Sales per pax stands at 31.4 euros, also in line with our trajectory for 2025. The solid 
financial performance recorded by the Group since the beginning of the year, particularly in international and retail activities, leads 
us to confirm all our forecasts and financial targets for 2024 and 2025, even if traffic in Paris is expected in the lower end of the growth 
range assumed at the beginning of the year (+3.5% to 5.0% vs. 2023).   
Our achievements, since the start of the year reflect our priorities. In terms of hospitality, the 2024 summer was marked by the hosting 
in our Parisian airports of the delegations and spectators of the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. We can be proud of the 
commitment of Groupe ADP employees, and that of the entire airport community, who contributed to the success of this historic 
event. The improvement of accessibility and hospitality for all our passengers will be an essential legacy of these games for years to 
come. 
In addition, the group has successfully completed key operations in its development strategy. With our partner GMR Group, we have 
finalized the operation making GMR Airports a company listed directly on the Indian financial markets, in which Groupe ADP holds a 
45.7% economic interest. In addition, we have strengthened our hospitality offering with the acquisition of Paris Experience Group, 
creator of tourist experiences in Île-de-France, and of P/S, operator of exclusive airport terminals in the United States. These acquisitions 
thus extend the Extime offering beyond the Parisian airports. 
Finally, we are continuing our industrial transformation and our commitment to decarbonization, demonstrated by the recent 
validation by the independent organization Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), of the decarbonization objectives that Groupe 
ADP has set for itself as part of its 2025 Pioneers roadmap, as well as its 2050 target: net zero emissions throughout the value chain.”

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Significant events since 1st January 2024 
Significant events that are new in comparison with those appearing in the first-half 2024 results press release are indicated by [new] 
and those containing updates are indicated by [updated]. 
Parisian platforms 
Reopening of infrastructure at Paris-CDG 
In order to accommodate passenger traffic flows for the 2024 summer season and accompany traffic growth at Paris-Charles de 
Gaulle, terminals 2C and 2A have reopened on 28th May 2024, and 2nd July 2024 respectively. These reopenings mean that the Parisian 
airport infrastructure are fully available during summer 2024, for the first time since 2018.   
The closure of  terminals 2C and 2A allowed the group to carry out works to bring baggage sorters in line with the highest airport 
standards, as well as to reinforce border police handling capacities. Additional PARAFE gates have also been installed. Lastly, the 
passenger journey (boarding lounge, electromechanical equipment, signage, etc.) has been modernized. 
 
Voluntary public concertation for "Paris-Orly 2035" project 
From 26th February 2024 to 26th May 2024, Groupe ADP has conducted a voluntary public consultation on the "Paris-Orly 2035" 
development project for Paris-Orly . This consultation enabled the collection of the opinions of stakeholders, and in particular of local 
residents on the future of the Paris-Orly airport platform. 
The Paris-Orly 2035 project is the embodiment of the new airport model carried by Groupe ADP's commitments to the environment 
and to quality of service. 
The presented elements of the project, in particular investment details, timing and amounts, are working hypotheses and are likely to 
evolve following the consultation as well as during the future environmental authorizations procedures. 
 
Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games [updated] 
The Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games (the Games) saw Paris Aéroport become the gateway to the competition for 
spectators, athletes and delegations. Groupe ADP has deployed significant resources to ensure the best experience for all 
passengers, and a journey adapted to the specificities of Olympic traffic. 
A dedicated Games command center bringing together our airline partners, the relevant government services and Paris 2024, was 
set up from 8th July, 2024 to 11th September, 2024 to coordinate and manage the flows relating to the Games in real time. It relied on 
1,500 Groupe ADP volunteers, deployed in our airports to facilitate passenger flows and operations. 20 field exercises had been 
carried out to ensure the preparedness and robustness of the system. 
After the Games’ closing ceremonies, the delegations’ departures, grouped by waves over a few days, required the implementation 
of exceptional measures, including the early check-in of luggage at the Olympic Village, their sealing before transfer to dedicated 
facilities at the airport, and their boarding onto the planes. For their part, athletes had access to a dedicated boarding lounge. 
Passengers flow was optimized thanks to the testing of faster security scanners and the deployment of 50% more Parafe gates than 
in summer 2023, facilitating automated border control. This system was reinforced by an increased presence of Border Police 
personnel. 
 
2025 tariff approval process [new] 
 
As part of the airports fees tariff approval process, Aéroports de Paris notified on 18th October 2024 to the French Transports Regulation 
Autority (ART), the tariffs set for the 2025 tariffs period (from April 1st 2025 to March 31th 2026). 
It is reminded that, without an Economic Regulation Agreement, tariffs are subject to the respect of two caps: 
◆ The limitation, for airport public service activities (aeronautical till), of overall revenue from fees to the level of the costs incurred for 
the services provided; 
◆ The fair return on capital employed (ROCE) of the regulated scope of Aéroport de Paris, against the weighted average cost of 
capital (WACC) of the same scope. 
Besides, the tariffs evolution compared to the tariffs currently in force must be moderate. 
Taking into account of all of these elements, Aéroports de Paris notified the ART on 18th October 2024 of a tariff proposal in which : 
◆ For the Paris-Charles de Gaulle and Paris-Orly platforms, the average increase is +4.5, including the increase by +25% of the PRM 
fee9. 
◆ For Paris-Le Bourget, an average increase of fees by +5.5% 
The ART has two months from the date of notification to issue its decision on the approval of the tariff proposal. 
 
 
 
9 Passenger assistance fee for passengers with disabilities or reduced mobility (PRM).

--- Page 92 ---
92 
International platforms 
Amman airport concession extended to 2039 
On 10th May, 2024, the comprehensive restructuring of the concession and financing of Airport International Group (AIG), the 
company operating Queen Alia International Airport in Amman, Jordan, 51%-owned and fully consolidated by Groupe ADP, came 
into effect. The transaction includes: 
◆ the concession extension of Amman airport, for an additional 7 years, until  2039; 
◆ a reprofiling of AIG's loans, whose maturity is increased by 3.5 years; 
◆ the strengthening of AIG's financial structure, with a shareholder loan. 
These agreements support AIG's financial and operational stability and ability to accompany traffic growth in Jordan. 
As part of the preparation of the financial statements for the first half of 2024, an impairment test was carried out, taking into account 
the extension of the concession and the impact of the debt restructuring. It leads to an impairment reversal, determined in particular 
on the basis of the traffic outlook at Queen Alia International Airport and was booked in the first half of 2024. The one-off impact of 
this impairment reversal on net income attributable to the group amounts to 61 million euros. In addition, all these agreements will 
result in a cash outflow of around 127 million euros, of which around 100 million euros in 2024, with no impact on net income 
attributable to the group 
 
Completion of the merger between GMR Airports Ltd (GAL) and GMR Airports Infrastructure Ltd (GIL) [updated] 
The merger between GIL & GAL became effective on July 25, 2024, following the filing of the order of the National Company Law 
Tribunal approving the merger with the Registrar of Companies. 
The merger turns the holding company GMR Airports, a leading airport group in a dynamic area, into a listed company on the indian 
stock exchanges (Ticker : GMRINFRA – ISIN : INE776C01039) in which, Groupe ADP now holds a 45.7% economic interest10 (composed 
of ordinary equity shares on one side and preference shares – OCRPS on the other side). 
The transaction is a new major step after Groupe ADP's acquisition of a stake in GMR Airports four years ago, revealing its intrinsic 
value and bringing liquidity. Due to the merger, the Indian airport holding simplifies its capital structure, enhances its visibility and 
agility, and puts itself in the best position to continue to support traffic growth in its assets, pursue its ongoing airport projects and seize 
relevant development opportunities in Asia. 
The completion of the merger will lead to a set of opposite accounting impacts, at the time of the transaction and then upon the 
unwinding of the FCCBs convertible bonds, with no effect on the group's cash position. Upon merger, the recognition of a non-cash 
charge estimated between c.400 and c.500 million euros, will thus negatively impact the second half of 2024 net income11. 
Conversely, upon unwinding of FCCBs, at the latest in 2033, the extinction of these instruments in New GIL's liabilities will have a positive 
non-cash impact on Groupe ADP net income. The strategic and financial contributions of the operation as well as the description of 
the accounting effects are detailed in the financial release of July 25, 2024. 
It is reminded that, regardless of the amount of the net income for 2024, Groupe ADP's distribution policy provides for a dividend of 
60% of the net result group share, with a minimum of 3€ per share. 
 
New international terminal in Almaty 
On 1st June 2024, Almaty airport in Kazakhstan inaugurated a new international terminal. With a nominal capacity of 7 million 
passengers, this infrastructure will more than double the airport's capacity to above 14 million passengers and convert the existing 
terminal into a purely domestic one. The new international terminal features 12 additional gates and 3,200m2 of retail space to offer 
international passengers a quality duty-free experience. 
 
Disposal of ADP Ingénierie [new] 
On 15th October 2024, Groupe ADP has completed the disposal of 100% of the share capital of ADP Ingénierie, a subsidiary of ADP 
International, to Artelia, an international consulting, engineering and project management group. This sale is part of Groupe ADP’s 
business portfolio management, aimed at maintaining an optimal mix to achieve the strategic, development and financial 
performance objectives it has set for itself. 
 
GMR Airports signs a concession agreement for Nagpur Airport [new] 
On 8th October 2024, GMR Nagpur International Airport Limited, subsidiary of GMR Airports, signed the concession contract to develop 
and operate Nagpur International Airport for 30 years, with an option for a further 30 years extension. 
The airport, which welcomed 3 million passengers in 2023, benefits from a central position in India and will contribute to GMR Airports' 
growth trajectory. 
 
 
10 45.7% economic interest consisting of 3,410,614,011 ordinary equity shares and 65,111,022 OCRPS Preference Shares, conditionally convertible into 
2,604,440,880 ordinary equity shares. 
11 Net income attributable to the group

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Hospitality and quality of service  
Merger of EPIGO and Extime Food & Beverages Paris 
On 8th July 2024, Epigo and Extime Food & Beverage Paris, two companies operating catering services at Paris Aéroport whose capital 
is held by Aéroports de Paris and Select Service Partner (SSP), merged.  The merger  enables the consolidation of the operations of 
over a hundred sales points at Paris Aéroport. 
Extime Food & Beverage Paris, the acquiring company, will continue to be consolidated by the Groupe ADP using the equity method. 
 
Paris Experience Group and P/S acquisitions [new] 
In October 2024, Groupe ADP has closed two acquisitions in the “Retail and services” activity segment : Paris Experience Group, a 
creator of tourist experiences in Ile-de-France, and P/S, an operator of exclusive airport terminals in the United States. These 
acquisitions, for a combined amount of 360 million euros in the second half of 2024, will enable Extime to extend its offering beyond 
the Parisian airports and boost its growth prospects in Paris and abroad. 
Paris Experience Group [updated] 
On 23rd October 2024, Groupe ADP closed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Paris Experience Group and its affiliates 
from its shareholders, including funds managed by Ekkio and Montefiore Investment, as well as the management team. 
Organized around three main brands (Paris City Vision, Mon Petit Paris and Paris Seine), Paris Experience Group offers visits to museums 
and historic monuments, sightseeing tours of Paris and excursions in Île-de-France and neighboring regions, lunch and dinner cruises 
and private events on the Seine. 
Paris Experience Group is positioned in a growth market and benefits from solid positions: long-standing links facilitating access to 
monuments and cultural institutions, strategic locations on the river Seine, significant BtoB commercial weight (through hotels, travel 
agencies, etc.), particularly on certain key markets such as the United States. 
The acquisition of Paris Experience Group is aimed at enhancing Extime's value proposition to tourists for the entirety of their stay in 
Paris. From a “creator of unique, timeless experiences in the airside areas of Paris airports”, Extime becomes now for tourists a “creator 
of experiences throughout their stay in Paris”. 
 
P/S [new] 
On 11th October 2024, Groupe ADP completed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of the US company P/S (ex. Private Suite) 
from the fund TPG.  
P/S develops and operates exclusive terminals for commercial passengers and is present in 4 airports in the United States, including 
two airports where P/S sites are already in operation, in Los Angeles (LAX) and Atlanta (ATL). 
P/S offers passengers high-end, tailor-made services: private lounges, catering & bar, spa, valet, check-in & baggage reclaim, as well 
as a confidential, personalized and seamless end-to-end experience, including transportation to the aircraft by airside car, security 
checks and border crossings on site. 
P/S is positioned in an attractive and fast-expanding international market, with strong growth potential, particularly in the United 
States, where demand for exclusive and personalized airport services is particularly high. 
This acquisition is in line with the Groupe ADP international development ambitions, and with Extime strategy, the Groupe ADP airport 
hospitality and retail brand, notably with its Extime Exclusive range. 
 
Recognition of the quality of service provided by Groupe ADP in the Skytrax 2024 ranking 
In 2024, 6 airports of the group are among the 100 best airports in the world in terms of service quality according to the Skytrax World 
Airport Awards. 
Paris-Charles de Gaulle retains its position as the best airport in Europe for the 3rd consecutive year and is now the 6th best airport in 
the world (compared to 5th in 2023 and 6th in 2022). Paris-Orly continues its sharp progression, ranking 30th in the world (compared to 
39th in 2023 and 46th in 2022) and is awarded Best regional airport in Europe. 
Abroad, 4 other airports in the network are among the 100 best airports:  
◆ Indira Gandhi in Delhi retains the 36th position, and remains the best airport in India and South Asia; 
◆ Medina in 50th position (up + 2 ranks) and is nominated best regional airport in Middle East; 
◆ Rajiv Gandhi in Hyderabad in 61st position (up +4 ranks); 
◆ Goa, which enters the top 100, at 92nd position.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Bond issues 
New bond issuance 
On 7th May 2024, Aéroports de Paris successfully carried out a bond issue, the first since 2020, with a 7-year maturity and for an amount 
of 500 million euros. The bonds carry interest at a fixed rate of 3.375%. 
Bond repayment 
On 11th June 2024, Aéroports de Paris repaid the 500 million euros bond issued on 31st May 2012. The bonds carried a fixed interest 
rate of 3.125%.  
 
Tax on the exploitation of long-distance transport infrastructures [updated] 
On 14 March 2024, Aéroports de Paris, as other transportation infrastructure operators, had filed a “question prioritaire de 
constitutionnalité” (constitutionality check) to the Conseil d’Etat regarding article 100 of Finance Law for 2024 n°2023-1322 of 29 
December 2023, which established the tax on the exploitation of long-distance transport infrastructures.  
On 12 June, 2024, the Conseil d'Etat referred the question prioritaire de constitutionnalité to the Conseil constitutionnel, considering 
that the conformity of the provisions with the Constitution should be analyzed by the constitutional judge. 
In its decision of 12 September 2024, the Conseil constitutionnel declared the contested provisions of the Finance Act for 2024 to be 
in conformity with the Constitution. 
 
2025 Pioneers strategic roadmap  
Actions contributing to the achievement of the 2025 Pioneers objectives are ongoing. The review of the progress of the strategic 
roadmap, carried out at the end of June 2024, has led to the adjustment of four objectives to account for certain exogenous factors, 
such as the pace of change in certain regulatory frameworks, operational constraints linked to air navigation, the pace of renewal 
of airlines fleets and the absence of market opportunities.  The revision made to these four objectives as well as other targets for 2025 
unchanged  are detailed in the financial release of July 23, 2024. 
Two indicators have already been achieved: on the one hand, the generalization of continuous descent procedures at Paris-CDG 
and Paris-Orly has been supported as much as possible by the Groupe ADP within its scope of intervention (indicator 14) and on 
other hand, the remuneration of 100% of employees include ESG criterion (indicator 18) within the limits of local legislation. 
 
Decarbonization 
Investment in LanzaJet to support  the deployment of sustainable aviation fuels (SAF) 
As part of its 2025 Pioneers strategic roadmap, Groupe ADP is gradually transforming its airports into energy hubs, capable of offering 
electric power, sustainable aviation fuels and low-carbon hydrogen.  
With regard to sustainable aviation fuels, Groupe ADP notably intends to help initiatives supporting production and deployment 
worldwide.  
On 16th May 2024, the Groupe ADP, through its subsidiary ADP International, announced a $20 million12 investment in LanzaJet. 
LanzaJet, an American SAF producer, benefits from a mature, proven technology that can be deployed on a large scale: the 
conversion of ethanol13 into fuel.  
This strategic investment is in addition to the actions already undertaken by Groupe ADP to support the industry and accelerate the 
decarbonization of air transport. 
 
Validation of Groupe ADP’s decarbonization targets by independent organism SBTI [new] 
On 3rd October 2024, Groupe ADP’s decarbonization targets have been formallyvalidated by the Science-Based Targets Initiative 
(SBTi). These targets include a 68% reduction in direct emissions by 2030 and a 90% reduction by 2035, compared with 2019, for Paris-
Charles de Gaulle, Paris-Orly and Paris-Le Bourget airports. Stakeholder emissions will also be reduced by 27.5% by 2030 and 90% by 
2050, with an ambition of net zero emissions throughout the value chain. 
This validation is fully in line with the Group's climate strategy and its 2025 Pioneers roadmap, attesting that Groupe ADP's commitments 
are compatible with the objectives of the Paris Agreement, aimed at limiting global warming to 1.5°C. Concrete actions, such as 
 
 
12 Minority interest in the form of a Simple Agreement For Future Equity (SAFE). 
13  Ethanol-to-jet.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
reducing energy consumption, electrifying ground operations and preparing to welcome hydrogen-powered aircraft, support these 
objectives. 
 
Governance 
Composition of the Board of Directors  
The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, held on 21st May, 2024, approved the renewal of the mandate of 7 directors and the 
appointment of 4 non-voting directors (see voting results on the company's website). Moreover, on 24th May, 2024, the employees 
of Aéroports de Paris SA and its subsidiaries Hub One and Extime Duty Free Paris (EDFP) elected their representatives to the Board of 
Directors of Aéroports de Paris SA for a five-year term, starting on 15th July, 2024.  
Since, the members of the Board of Directors are as follows:  
– 
Mr. Augustin de ROMANET, Chairman and CEO of Aéroports de Paris SA, non-independent director 
– 
Mr. Séverin CABANNES, independent referent director 
– 
Mr. Jacques GOUNON, non-independent director 
– 
Mr. Olivier GRUNBERG, independent director 
– 
Predica - Credit Agricole Assurances, independent director, whose permanent representative is Mr. Matthieu LANCE,  
– 
Mrs. Sylvia METAYER, independent director 
– 
Mr. Pierre CUNÉO, director appointed by the Annual General Meeting and the proposal of the French State 
– 
Mrs. Cécile de GUILLEBON, director appointed by the Annual General Meeting and the proposal of the French State 
– 
Mrs. Fanny LETIER, director appointed by the Annual General Meeting and the proposal of the French State 
– 
Mr. Stéphane RAISON, director appointed by the Annual General Meeting and the proposal of the French State 
– 
Mrs. Perrine VIDALENCHE, director appointed by the Annual General Meeting and the proposal of the French State 
– 
Mrs. May GICQUEL, director representing the French State  
– 
Mr. Jean-Paul JOUVENT, director elected representing the employees 
– 
Mr. Yves PASCART, director elected representing the employees 
– 
Mrs. Marie-Anne DONSIMONI, director elected representing the employees  
– 
Mr. Fayçal DEKKICHE, director elected representing the employees 
– 
Mr. Mouhsine ELKETRANI, director elected representing the employees 
– 
Mrs. Valérie SCHORGERE, director elected representing the employees 
Non-voting members appointed by the Annual General Meeting: 
– 
The Mayor of Paris, Mrs. Anne Hidalgo 
– 
The Secretary General of the Ministry of the Interior and Overseas France, Mr. Didier Martin 
– 
The President of the Île-de-France region, Mrs. Valérie Pécresse 
– 
The President of the Roissy Pays de France Urban Community, Mr. Pascal DOLL 
 
 
Appointment to the position of Chairman and CEO of Aéroports de Paris  
On 20th March, 2024, the Office of the Prime Minister of the French Republic issued the following press release : 
"In order to ensure the smooth organization of the Paris Olympic and Paralympic Games, Mr. Augustin de Romanet will, at the request 
of the French State, continue his duties as Chairman and CEO of Aéroports de Paris (ADP). At the end of the Olympic and Paralympic 
Games, the President of the French National Assembly and the President of the French Senate will be informed by the President of 
the Republic of the name of Mr. Augustin de Romanet's proposed successor, so that the relevant committee of each of the assemblies 
can give its opinion in accordance with the conditions set out in the fifth paragraph of article 13 of the Constitution." 
By decision of the Prime Minister dated 21st May, 2024, Mr. Augustin de Romanet de Beaune was appointed, effective on May 21, 
2024, Chairman and CEO of Aéroports de Paris on an interim basis, pursuant to article 21 of the amended order of August 20, 2014 
relating to the governance and capital transactions of publicly held companies. The Prime Minister's decision is available on the 
company's website. 
As he stated during the Annual General Meeting of Aéroports de Paris of 21 May 2024, Mr. Augustin de Romanet de Beaune, will 
leave his position as Chairman and CEO of the company on 31 December 2024. The new Chairman and CEO of Aéroports de Paris 
will be appointed by decree of the President of the Republic on the proposal of the company's Board of Directors, and after 
consultation with the relevant standing committees of the National Assembly and Senate. . 
 
Inclusion of ADP’s stock in the CAC Next 20 and ESG indices [new]  
On 12th September 2024, Aéroports de Paris stock (FR0010340141) was included in the CAC Next 20 index, which comprises the 
stocks immediately following those in the CAC 40, and in the CAC 40 ESG index, which includes CAC 60 companies demonstrating 
the best environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices, as assessed by Moody's.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Detailed consolidated revenue - 2024 9-months 
Revenue 
(in millions of euros) 
9M 2024 
9M 2023 
Change 2024/2023 
Revenue 
4,605 
4,121 
+€484M 
+11.7%  
Aviation 
1,534 
1,447 
+€87M 
+6.0%  
Retail and services 
1,434 
1,297 
+€137M 
+10.6%  
      of which Extime Duty Free Paris 
598 
550 
+€48M 
+8.7%  
      of which Extime Travel Essentials Paris 
139 
88 
+€49M 
+58.0%  
Real estate 
251 
242 
+€9M 
+3.7%  
International and airport developments 
1,482 
1,231 
+€251M 
+20.4%  
      of which TAV Airports 
1,231 
979 
+€252M 
+25.7%  
      of which AIG 
212 
217 
(€5M) 
(2.3%) 
Other activities 
138 
132 
+€6M 
+4.5%  
Eliminations and internal results 
(234) 
(229) 
(€5M) 
+2.2%  
Groupe ADP's consolidated revenue for the 9-months of 2024 is up +11.7%  compared to the same period of 2023, at 4,605 millions 
euros. All business segments are growing: 
◆ Revenue of Aviation activities in Paris, was up +6.0%, driven by traffic growth (+3.8%) and the +4.5% average tariff increase since 
1st April 2024. It includes;  
◆ Revenue of Retail and Services in Paris, continues its good momentum (+10.6%), benefiting from traffic growth in Paris and a Sales 
/ Pax Extime Paris, up to +5.6%, at €31.4 for the 9 months of 2024.  
◆ The Real estate segment is growing by +3.7% under the effect of assets delivered and acquired, and rent indexation clauses. 
◆ Revenue of International & airport developments segment is recording the strongest growth (+20.4%), driven by the strong traffic 
growth at TAV Airports (+11.7%).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Analysis by segment 
Aviation – Parisian platforms 
(In millions of euros) 
9M 2024 
9M 2023 
Change 2024/2023 
Revenue 
1,534 
1,447 
+€87M 
+6.0%  
Airport fees 
928 
870 
+€58M 
+6.7%  
Passenger fees 
599 
551 
+€48M 
+8.7%  
Landing fees 
200 
192 
+€8M 
+4.2%  
Parking fees 
130 
127 
+€3M 
+2.4%  
Ancillary fees 
198 
181 
+€17M 
+9.4%  
Revenue from airport safety and security services 
392 
368 
+€24M 
+6.5%  
Other income 
16 
28 
(€12M) 
(42.9%) 
 
Over the first nine months of 2024, revenue of aviation segment, which relates solely to the airport activities carried out by Aéroports 
de Paris as operator of the Parisian platforms, was up +6.0% (+€87M) to 1,534 million euros. 
Revenue from airport fees (passenger fees, landing fees and aircraft parking fees) was up +6.7% (+€58M), to 928 million euros due to 
the growth in traffic and the +4.5% average tariff increase since 1st April  2024. It includes: 
◆ revenue from passengers fees, up +8.7% (+€48M)due to the increase in passenger traffic (+3.8%) as well as the increase of the share 
of international traffic (see geographical breakdown traffic on page 15);  
◆ revenue from landing fees, up +4.2% (+€8M) due to the increase in aircraft movements (+2.4%);  
◆ revenue from parking fees up +2.4% (+€3M) . 
Revenue from ancillary fees is up +9.4% (+€17M), to 198 million euros, linked traffic growth and the increased tariffs. 
As a reminder, the tariffs applicable for the Parisian platforms are presented on the company's website, and their changes for the 
tariff periods starting 1st April 2024 respectively are presented in Appendix 2 of this press release. 
Revenue from airport safety and security services was up +6.5% (+€24M), to 392 million euros. Revenue from operating safety and 
security services being determined by the costs of these activities, revenue is growing at a different rate than passenger traffic. 
Other income, mostly consisting in re-invoicing to the French Air Navigation Services Division of leasing for the use of terminals and 
other work services made for third parties are down -42.9% (-€12M), to 16 million euros. This variation is explained by the reclassification, 
for 17 million euros of the revenue of part of the in-terminal rental activities, now recorded in rental income, within the Retail and 
Services segment.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Retail and services – Parisian platforms 
(in millions of euros) 
9M 2024 
9M 2023 
Change 2024/2023 
Revenue 
1,434 
1,297 
+€137M 
+10.6%  
Retail activities 
924 
837 
+€87M 
+10.4%  
Extime Duty Free Paris 
598 
551 
+€47M 
+8.5%  
Extime Travel Essentials Paris (ex. Relay@ADP) 
139 
88 
+€51M 
+58.0%  
Other Shops and Bars and Restaurants 
96 
124 
(€28M) 
(22.6%) 
Advertising 
56 
38 
+€18M 
+47.4%  
Other products 
35 
36 
(€1M) 
(2.8%) 
Car parks and access roads 
136 
131 
+€5M 
+3.8%  
Industrial services revenue 
155 
151 
+€4M 
+2.6%  
Rental income 
150 
119 
+€31M 
+26.1%  
Other income 
67 
59 
+€8M 
+13.6%  
Over the first 9 months of 2024, Retail and services segment revenue, which includes only Parisian activities was up +10.6% (+€137M), 
to 1,434 million euros. 
Revenue from retail activities consists in revenue received from airside and landside shops, bars and restaurants, banking and foreign 
exchange activities, and car rental companies, as well as revenue from advertising. Over the first 9 months of 2024, revenue from 
retail activities was up +10.4% (+€87M), to 924 million euros, due to:  
◆ the increase of revenue from  Extime Duty Free Paris, up +8.5% (+€47M), driven by the increase in traffic and the number of outlets 
opened ; 
◆ the increase of revenue from Extime Travel Essentials up +58.0% (+€51M), driven by the increase in traffic and a change in the 
accounting method for revenue from 1st February 2024 (see Appendix 3 of this release). With a constant accounting method (i.e., 
applying this accounting method to 2023 financial figures), Extime Travel Essentials revenue growth would be +9.0% (+11 M€); 
◆ the increase of revenue from Other Shops and Bars and restaurants, down -22.6% (-€28M), to 96 million euros. This decrease is due 
to the change in consolidation method for Extime Food & Beverage Paris, which was fully consolidated in the Group's consolidated 
financial statements until October 2023, and accounted under the equity method since (see Appendix 3 of this release). At 
constant scope (i.e. excluding revenue from Extime Food & Beverage Paris in 2023), revenue from Other Shops and Bars & 
Restaurants revenue growth would be +28.6% (+€21M);  
◆ the increase of revenue from advertising, up +47.4% (+€18M), to 56 million euros driven by particularly high demand in the run-up 
to and during the  Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games, and to a lesser extent by the increase in traffic. 
On a like-for-like basis (i.e., excluding the above-mentioned changes in accounting method and consolidation scope), revenue from 
retail activities would be up +12.3% (+€102M). It should be noted that these changes have broadly no impact on consolidated EBITDA. 
Revenue from car parks was up +3.8% (+€5M), to 136 million euros. 
Revenue from industrial services (supply of electricity and water) was up +2.6% (+€4M), to 155 million euros. 
Rental revenue (leasing of spaces within terminals) was up +26.1% (+€31M), to 150 million euros. This increase is partly explained by 
the recovery of activity, as well as the reclassification, for 17 million euros of the revenue of part of in-terminal rental activities, 
previously recognized within Other income of the Aeronautical Activities segment. 
Other revenue (primarily constituted of internal services) was up +13.6% (+€8M), to 67 million euros. The decrease of revenue from re-
invoicing of studies and work relating to the SGP and CDG Express projects is offset, in 2024, by revenue from the partnership with the 
Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games Organizing Committee, for 17 millions euros.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Real Estate - Parisian platforms 
 
(in millions of euros) 
9M 2024 
9M 2023 
Change 2024/2023 
Revenue 
251 
242 
+€9M 
+3.7%  
External revenue 
220 
208 
+€12M 
+5.8%  
Land 
93 
96 
(€3M) 
(3.1%) 
Buildings 
84 
73 
+€11M 
+15.1%  
Other 
43 
39 
+€4M 
+10.3%  
Internal revenue 
31 
34 
(€3M) 
(8.8%) 
 
Over the first 9 months 2024, revenue from the Real Estate segment, which includes only Parisian activities, up +3.7% (+€9M), to 251 
million euros. 
External revenue realized with third parties, up 5.8% (+€12M), to 220 million euros, mainly due to additional rents for buildings delivered, 
acquired or leased to third parties in 2023, and the effect of the contractual application of rent indexation. 
Internal revenue, down -8.8% (-€3M), to 31 million euros especially due to the reduced use of offices internally, through the 
implementation of a new flex office organization.  The space freed up in this way being intended to be rented out to third parties.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
International and airport developments 
(in millions of euros) 
9M 2024 
9M 2023 
Change 2024/2023 
Revenue 
1,482 
1,231 
+€251M 
+20.4%  
ADP International 
235 
235 
€-M 
-%  
of which AIG 
212 
217 
(€5M) 
(2.3%) 
of which ADP Ingénierie 
17 
9 
+€8M 
+88.9%  
TAV Airports 
1,231 
979 
+€252M 
+25.7%  
Société de Distribution Aéroportuaire Croatie 
16 
13 
+€3M 
+23.1%  
Over the first 9 months of 2024, revenue from the International and airport developments segment up +20.4% (+€251M), to 1,482 million 
euros, due to : 
◆ Revenue from TAV Airports' was up 25.7%, (+€252M) to 1,231 million euros, mainly due to the effect of the +11.7% growth of 
TAV Airports passenger traffic and price increases for services delivered. Revenue growth is driven in particular by: 
◆ International assets of TAV Airports, especially in Almaty, for +19.8% (+€59M) and in Georgia, for +28.9% (+€23M); 
◆ Turkish assets of TAV Airports, especially in Ankara, for +41.8% (+€16M) and Izmir, for +14.2% (+€10M); 
◆ Services companies of TAV Airports, especially Havas (ground handling), for +26.8% (+€48M), BTA (airport catering) for +11.2% 
(+€13M) and TAV OS (airport lounges) for +74.5% (+€57M). TAV OS revenue growth is notably driven by the scope effect of the 
100% acquisition, in Q1 2024, of Paris Lounge Network, operator of airport lounges in Paris, whose accounts are now fully 
consolidated. Excluding this acquisition, TAV OS revenue would be up +44.6% (+€34M). 
◆ Revenue from AIG is down -2.3% (-€5M), to 212 million euros, due to lower traffic in Amman (-6.4%) and despite the resilience of 
commercial and rental activities. 
◆ Revenue from ADP Ingénierie up +88.9% (+€8M) to 17 million euros, due to contracts taking effect during 2024.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Other activities 
(in millions of euros) 
9M 2024 
9M 2023 
Change 2024/2023 
Income 
138 
132 
+€6M 
+4.5% 
Hub One 
122 
120 
+€2M 
+1.7% 
 
Over the first  9 months of 2024, from the other activities segment was up +4.5% (+€6M), to 138 million euros. 
Revenue from Hub One was up +1.7% (+€2M), to 122 million euros.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
9M 2024 traffic evolution 
 
Group Traffic14: 
 
Passengers 
Change 2024/2023 
Movements 
Change 2024/2023 
Paris-CDG 
52,930,773 
+4.1% 
346,626 
+3.2% 
Paris-Orly 
25,509,323 
+3.2% 
156,912 
+0.8% 
Total Paris Aéroport 
78,440,096 
+3.8% 
503,538 
+2.4% 
Antalya 
30,916,709 
+7.3% 
180,383 
+5.3% 
Almaty 
8,537,701 
+21.2% 
68,031 
+16.6% 
Ankara 
9,806,600 
+9.0% 
64,467 
+7.7% 
Izmir 
8,822,415 
+8.4% 
53,903 
+7.3% 
Bodrum 
3,744,352 
+7.4% 
23,155 
+6.1% 
Gazipaşa 
838,387 
+28.7% 
5,588 
+18.3% 
Medina 
7,982,000 
+16.2% 
54,803 
+17.1% 
Tunisia 
2,388,918 
+25.1% 
16,013 
+23.9% 
Georgia 
4,373,534 
+33.0% 
39,990 
+30.7% 
North Macedonia 
2,434,437 
+3.3% 
19,590 
+10.8% 
Zagreb 
3,265,295 
+15.9% 
37,708 
+10.1% 
Total TAV Airports 
83,110,348 
+11.7% 
563,631 
+10.8% 
New Delhi 
57,523,838 
+7.7% 
333,592 
+4.9% 
Hyderabad 
20,141,421 
+12.2% 
140,442 
+11.5% 
Medan 
5,357,287 
(4.7%) 
40,094 
(11.5%) 
Goa 
3,524,584 
+37.7% 
24,167 
+37.2% 
Total GMR Airports 
86,547,130 
+8.8% 
538,295 
+6.2% 
Santiago de Chile 
19,332,960 
+13.5% 
121,610 
+13.0% 
Amman 
6,790,593 
(6.4%) 
56,625 
(5.9%) 
Other airports 15 
836,409 
+10.9% 
9,158 
+7.9% 
GROUPE ADP 
275,057,536 
+8.1% 
1,792,857 
+6.5% 
 
 
 
14 Group traffic includes traffic from airports operated by Groupe ADP in freehold (incl. Almaty) or under concession, receiving regular commercial 
passenger traffic, excluding airports under management contract. Historical data since 2019 is available on the company's website 
15 Antananarivo and Nosy Be airports

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Traffic at Paris Aéroport 
Geographical breakdown of traffic 
The airport charges applicable to the various geographical breakdown are available on the company's website. 
 
Share of traffic 
Change 2024/2023 
Mainland France  
11.2% 
(5.0%) 
French Overseas Territories 
4.6% 
+1.1% 
Schengen Area 
37.1% 
+2.3% 
EU ex. Schengen & United-Kingdom 16 
5.7% 
+9.9% 
Other Europe 
2.6% 
+10.9% 
Europe 
45.3% 
+3.6% 
Africa 
13.5% 
+6.8% 
North America 
12.2% 
+6.6% 
Latin America 
2.7% 
+2.6% 
Middle East 
4.9% 
(5.4%) 
Asia-Pacific 
5.6% 
+27.7% 
Other International 
38.9% 
+7.2% 
Paris Aéroport 
100.0% 
+3.8% 
 
 
9M 2024 
Change 2024/2023 
Connecting rate 
20.0% 
0.2pt 
Seat load factor 
84.5% 
-0.5pt 
 
 
 
16 Traffic with Bulgaria and Romania was included in the EU ex. Schengen until March 2024. It is now accounted within the Schengen Area since April 
2024 onwards.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Traffic assumptions, forecasts and targets 2024-2025 
As part of the 2025 Pioneers strategic roadmap communicated on 16th February, 2022, Groupe ADP has set out targets up to 2025. 
These targets have been built on the assumptions of no new restrictions or airport closures linked to the health crisis, of a stability of 
the economic model in Paris and of an absence of abnormally high volatility in terms of exchange rates and inflation rates. They 
have also been built on the basis of the consolidation scope at the end of 2023, with no assumption of changes up to 2025. 
Approaching its 2019 traffic level in Paris and exceeding it internationally, while having already surpassed its 2019 consolidated EBITDA, 
the group expects to gradually return to growth rates close to those experienced before the Covid-19 crisis. In addition, the 
introduction of the new tax applicable to major transport infrastructure in France has an impact on the group's financial trajectory. 
For these reasons, Groupe ADP has updated on 14th February 2024 (see press release) its assumptions, forecasts and targets 2024 - 
2025 and is returning to a selection of indicators allowing for a direct reading of the evolution of its performance, without reference 
to 2019.  
At the date of publication of this release, the solid financial performance recorded since the start of 2024, particularly in international 
and retail activities, leads the group to confirm all its financial targets for 2024 and 2025, even if traffic growth in Paris in 2024 is 
expected in the lower end of the range assumed at the start of the year (+3.5% to +5.0% vs. 2023). 
It is specified that any further changes to the assumptions on which the group's targets are based could have an impact on the 
volume of traffic and the 2025 Pioneers financial indicators. 
 
2024 
2025 
Group traffic 
% year-on-year growth17 
Over +8.0% growth  
compared with 2023 
 
Paris Aéroport traffic 
% year-on-year growth 
Growth from +3.5% to +5.0% 
compared to 2023 
Growth from +2.5% to +4.0%  
compared to 2024 
Extime Paris Sales / Pax 
% growth compared to 202318 
 
+3.0% to + 5.0% compared to 2023 
Group EBITDA growth 
% year-on-year growth 
Over +4.0% growth 
compared with 2023 
Over +7.0% growth 
compared with 2024 
Group investments 
(excl. financial investments) 
c.1.3 billion euros per year on average between 2023 and 2025,  
in current euros 
ADP SA investments                                                            
(excl. financial investments, regulated and non-
regulated) 
c.900 million euros per year on average between 2023 and 2025,  
in current euros 
Net Financial Debt/ EBITDA ratio  
incl. selected international growth projects 
 
3.5x – 4.0x 
Dividends  
In % of the NRAG  
for the year N, paid N+1 
60% pay out ratio 
Minimum of €3 per share 
 
 
 
 
 
17 Group traffic includes traffic from airports operated by Groupe ADP in freehold (incl. Almaty) or under concession, receiving regular commercial 
passenger traffic, excluding airports under management contract. Historical data since 2019 is available on the company's website. 
18 Sales per passenger in the airside activities, including shops, bars & restaurants, foreign exchange & tax refund counters, commercial lounges, VIP 
reception, advertising, and other paid services in the airside area.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Financial calendar 19 
9 months results conference 
A conference call (audiocast in English) will be held on Friday 25h October, 2024, at 08:00am (CET). The presentation can be followed 
live at the below links, which are also posted on the Groupe ADP website: 
◆ A live webcast of the conference will be available at the following link: webcast (only in English) 
◆ Registration to participate to the Q&A session is available at the following link: call registration 
Financial publications 
◆ Next traffic publication - Traffic for the month of October 2024 - Publication on Monday, November 18, 2024 
◆ Annual financial results 2024 - Publication on Wednesday, February 19, 2025 
◆ Annual General Meeting20 - May 15, 2025 
         The full financial calendar is available on the company's website. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forward looking statements 
This presentation does not constitute an offer to purchase financial securities within the United States or in any other country. 
Forward-looking disclosures (including, if so, forecasts and objectives) are included in this press release. These forward-looking 
disclosures are based on data, assumptions and estimates deemed reasonable at the diffusion date of the present document but 
could be unprecise and are, either way, subject to risks. There are uncertainties about the realization of predicted events and the 
achievements of forecasted results. Detailed information about these potential risks and uncertainties that might trigger differences 
between considered results and obtained results are available in the registration document filed with the French financial markets 
authority on April 12th, 2024 under D.24‑0280, and, if applicable, have been updated in the half-year financial report as of 30 June 
2024, both retrievable online on the AMF website www.amf‑france.org or Aéroports de Paris website www.parisaeroports.fr. 
Aéroports de Paris does not commit and shall not update forecasted information contained in the document to reflect facts and 
posterior circumstances to the presentation date. 
Definitions 
Definition and accounting of Alternative Performance Measures (APM) as well as the segmentation of group activities presented in 
this press release are fully published in the Group universal registration document. It is available in Groupe website: AMF Information. 
 
 
 
Investor Relations contacts: Cécile Combeau +33 6 32 35 01 46 and Eliott Roch +33 6 98 90 85 14 - invest@adp.fr  
Press contact: Justine Léger, Head of Medias and Reputation Department +33 1 74 25 23 23 
Groupe ADP develops and manages airports, including Paris-Charles de Gaulle, Paris-Orly and Paris-Le Bourget. In 2023, the group 
handled through its brand Paris Aéroport 99.7 million passengers at Paris-Charles de Gaulle and Paris-Orly, and 336.4 million passengers 
in airports abroad. Boasting an exceptional geographic location and a major catchment area, the Group is pursuing its strategy of 
adapting and modernizing its terminal facilities and upgrading quality of services; the group also intends to develop its retail and real 
estate businesses. In 2023, group revenue stood at €5,495 million and net income at €631 million. 
 
Registered office: 1, rue de France, 93 290 Tremblay-en-France. Aéroports de Paris is a public limited company (Société Anonyme) 
with share capital of €296,881,806. Registered in the Bobigny Trade and Company Register under no. 552 016 628.  
groupeadp.fr 
 
 
19 Subject to change. 
20 Subject to convening of the Annual General Meeting by the Board of Directors.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Appendix 1 – Glossary 
Definition and accounting of Alternative Performance Measures (APM) as well as the segmentation of group activities 
presented in this press release are fully published in the Group universal registration document.  
It is available on Groupe ADP’s website: https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf 
Financial indicators: 
◆ EBITDA is an accounting measure of the operating performance of fully consolidated Group subsidiaries. It is comprised 
of revenue and other ordinary income less purchases and current operating expenses excluding depreciation and 
impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. 
◆ EBITDA margin is the ratio corresponding to: EBITDA / Revenue. 
◆ Gross Financial debt as defined by Groupe ADP includes long-term and short-term borrowings and debts (including 
accrued interests and hedge of the fair value of liabilities related to these debts), debts related to the minority put 
option (presented in other non-current liabilities) 
◆ Net Financial debt as defined by Groupe ADP refers to gross financial debt less, fair value hedging derivatives, cash 
and cash equivalents and restricted bank balances. 
◆ Net Financial Debt/EBITDA Ratio is the ratio corresponding to the ratio: Net Financial Debt/EBITDA, which measures the 
company's ability to repay its debt. 
Operating indicators: 
◆ Sales / Pax Extime Paris or Sales per passengers Extime Paris is the ratio correponding to: Sales in the airside activities: 
shops, bars & restaurants, foreign exchange & taxe refund counters, commercial lougnes, VIP reception, advertising 
and other paid services in the airside area / Departing passengers at Paris Aéroport. 
◆ Group traffic includes airports operated by Groupe ADP in freehold (incl. Almaty) or under concession, receiving 
regular commercial passenger traffic, excluding airports under management contract. Historical data since 2019 is 
available on the Company's website. 
Sub-group 
Airport 
Country 
Paris Aéroport 
Paris-Charles de Gaulle 
France 
Paris-Orly 
France 
TAV Airports 
Antalya 
Turkey 
Almaty 
Kazakhstan 
Ankara 
Turkey 
Izmir 
Turkey 
Bodrum 
Turkey 
Gazipasa 
Turkey 
Medina 
Saudi Arabia 
Monastir 
Tunisia 
Enfidha 
Tunisia 
Tbilisi 
Georgia 
Batumi 
Georgia 
Skopje 
North Macedonia 
Ohrid 
North Macedonia 
Zagreb 
Croatia 
GMR Airports 
Delhi 
India 
Hyderabad 
India 
Medan 
Indonesia 
Goa 
India 
ADP International 
Santiago de Chile 
Chile 
Amman 
Jordan 
Antananarivo 
Madagascar 
Nosy Be 
Madagascar

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Appendix 2 – Evolution of tariffs at Paris Aéroport  
 
By its decision n°2024-001 of January 18th, 2024, published on February 12th, 2024, the ART has approved the airport fees 
for Aéroports de Paris for the tariff period from April 1st, 2024, to March 31st, 2025. The approved proposal translates into 
an average tariff increase by +4.5% for Paris-Charles de Gaulle and Paris-Orly airports, mainly driven by passenger-based 
charges. The changes are differentiated by fee, with an average increase by +6.7% in the fee per passenger, an average 
increase by +1.5% in the landing fee, and an average decrease by -0.3% in the parking fee. 
For Paris-Le Bourget airport, the average increase in fees is around +5.4%, resulting from a +5% increase in landing fees, a 
change in the noise modulation coefficients for group 6 aircraft applicable to this same fee, a +5.4% increase in parking 
fees, and a +1.5% increase in fees for the provision of airport circulation permits. 
Aéroports de Paris's proposal included initial changes in cost accounting, for which ART invited Aéroports de Paris to 
complete its analyses by the end of the transitional period on December 31, 2025. In addition, the ART confirmed that 
the part of the long-distance transport infrastructure tax, created by the finance law for 2024, that was included in 
Aéroports de Paris' tariff proposal could indeed be covered by airport fees. Lastly, in its tariff approval decision, ART 
specified that it had estimated the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) at 4.5% for the regulated scope. 
Please note that the applicable fees are available on the company's website.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Appendix 3 – Impact of the change in consolidation method for 
Extime Food & Beverage Paris and recognition of Extime Travel 
Essentials 
revenue 
on 
Groupe 
ADP's 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
As a reminder, the financial statements of Extime Food & Beverage Paris, which were fully consolidated until Select Service 
Partner acquired a 50% stake in the company in October 2023, have since been accounted for using the equity method. 
Since the launch of Extime Travel Essentials Paris, the new contract with Lagardère Travel Retail, the company's 50% co-
shareholder, has led to a change in the revenue recognition method since 1 February 2024. As of this date, the Groupe 
ADP consolidated financial statements include all Extime Travel Essentials Paris revenue and expenses, compared with 
revenue and expenses net of direct costs previously. 
To enable comparisons to be made between the 2024 and 2023 financial years, the following figures are presented 
below:  
(1) A summary of the Group ADP's consolidated financial statements for 2023; 
(2) The impact on the Group ADP's consolidated financial statements for 2023, assuming that the financial statements of 
Extime Food & Beverage Paris had been accounted for Aéroports de Paris using the equity method for the full year, i.e. 
using the same consolidation method as that applied in 2024. 
(3) The impact on the Group ADP consolidated financial statements for 2023, assuming that the method used to 
recognize Extime Travel Essentials (ex-Relay@ADP) revenue and expenses is the same as that applied since 1 February 
2024. 
(4) An (unaudited) summary  of the Group ADP consolidated financial statements for 2023, taking into account the two 
aforementioned impacts. 
 
(in millions of euros) 
(1) FY 2023 
(2) Impact 2023 
from consolidation 
method change for 
Extime F&B 
(unaudited) 
(3) Impact 2023 
from revenue  
and expenses 
recognition method 
change for  
Extime Travel 
Essentials Paris  
(unaudited) 
(4) FY 2023 excl. 
Extime F&B 
consolidation and 
with constant method 
for Extime Travel 
Essentials Paris 
(unaudited)") 
Revenue 
€5,495M 
- 39 M€    
+ 56 M€ 
€5,512M 
Of which retail and services revenue 
€1,766M 
- 40 M€    
+ 56 M€ 
€1,783M 
Retail activities 
€1,135M 
- 42 M€    
+ 56 M€ 
€1,149M 
Extime Duty Free Paris 
€756M 
- 
- 
€756M 
Extime Travel Essentials Paris (ex. 
Relay@ADP) 
€118M 
-  
+ 56 M€ 
€174M 
Other Shops and Bars and Restaurants 
€159M 
- 42 M€    
- 
€117M 
Advertising 
€55M 
- 
- 
€55M 
Other products 
€46M 
- 
- 
€46M 
Car parks and access roads 
€173M 
- 
- 
€173M 
Industrial services revenue 
€198M 
- 
- 
€199M 
Rental income 
€179M 
+ 2 M€    
- 
€180M 
Other income 
€82M 
- 
- 
€82M 
of which inter-segment eliminations 
-€305M 
+ 1 M€ 
- 
-€305M 
Operating expenses 
-€3,597M 
+ 38 M€ 
- 57 M€ 
-€3,616M 
Other incomes and expenses 
€58M 
- 
+ 1 M€ 
€59M 
EBITDA 
€1,956M 
- 1 M€     
-  
€1,955M 
EBITDA/Revenue 
35.6 % 
+ 0,2 pt 
- 0,4 pt 
35.5 %

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Amortisation, depreciation and impairment 
of tangible and intangible assets net of 
reversals 
-€792M 
+ 1 M€    
- 
-€791M 
Share of profit or loss in associates and joint 
ventures 
€75M 
+ 1 M€    
- 
€76M 
Operating income from ordinary activities 
€1,239M 
+ 1 M€    
- 
€1,240M 
Financial income 
-€227M 
+ 1 M€    
- 
-€226M 
Net income attributable to the Group 
€631M 
+ 2 M€    
- 
€632M

--- Page 110 ---
110 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 18 November 2024 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the 
Dealer(s). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting as 
agent(s) of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealer(s) to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer of any of the Notes to retail investors, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the 
offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States of America or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain transactions 
exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing date, within the United States of America 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable 
Tranche and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such an 
offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional

--- Page 112 ---
112 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year from the date of issue, (a) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or 
to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other relevant laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 3 August 2023 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients only, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 2 3 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)]/[MiFID 
II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded (“IDD”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail 
 
 
1 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023. 
2 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
3 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 114 ---
114 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
AEROPORTS DE PARIS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500PJMBSFHYC37989 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
Issue of [Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Under the Euro 10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
Issue Price: [⚫] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 18 November 2024 which received approval no. 24-488 on 18 November 2024 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫] which received 
approval no. [⚫] on [⚫] from the AMF which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-
reglementee-amf) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”), 
which are the January 2024 EMTN Conditions. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be

--- Page 115 ---
115 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 November 2024 which received approval no. 24-488 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫] which 
received approval no. [⚫] on [⚫] from the AMF], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference therein in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf) and on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).][Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not 
Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for 
individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
(1) 
 
Issuer: 
Aéroports de Paris 
(2) 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing 
Notes”) as from the date of assimilation which 
is expected to be on or about 40 calendar days 
after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation 
Date”).] 
(3) 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫]4 
(4) 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫] 
(5) 
 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
(6) 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[⚫] (one denomination only)5 
(7) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
4  Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
5  Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” 
(or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no part of any such Note may be 
transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(8) 
 
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] [specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
(9) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[specify particular reference 
rate][EURIBOR/SOFR/€STR/SONIA/TONA] 
+/- [⚫] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[If the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
specify all Interest Basis that apply] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
(10) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
(11) 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (further particulars specified 
below)/Not Applicable] (for Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes) 
(12) 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option]  
[Put Option in case of Change of Control] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
 
(13) 
 
Date[s] of the corporate authorisation[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the Conseil d’Administration of 
the Issuer dated [⚫] deciding the issue of the 
Notes]/[⚫] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE 
 
(14) 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/ 
other (specify)] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year [commencing on [⚫] and 
ending on [⚫] [[the Maturity Date]/[⚫]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[⚫] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates (Condition 5(a)): 
[[⚫] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
(15) 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Interest Accrual Period(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] in each year [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iv) below] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[⚫] 
(Not Applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[⚫] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
[⚫]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
(ix) Linear Interpolation:  
[Applicable/Not applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest accrual period)] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[⚫]/[EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR/SONIA/TONA]  
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[⚫] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]] 
 
[- Relevant Screen Page:  
[⚫](in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately)  
[In the case of SOFR and €STR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
[- Reference Banks (when the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available): 
 
[⚫][In the case of SOFR, SONIA, TONA and 
€STR, delete this paragraph]] 
 
[- Calculation Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean]/[SOFR Compound: 
[SOFR Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR 
Compound 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift]/[SOFR Index with Observation Shift]]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is TONA: 
[TONA Compound: [TONA Compound with 
Lookback]/[TONA 
Compound 
with 
Observation Period Shift]] 
 
[- Observation Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]]]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
[- Lookback Period: 
[[specify] [London Business Days]/[ U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[T2 
Business Days]/ [Tokyo Banking Days]/ [As 
per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA or 
SOFR (where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Compound: SOFR Compound with Lookback) 
or TONA (where the Calculation Method is 
TONA Compound with Lookback) and ensure 
that any Early Redemption Amounts include 
amounts in respect of accrued interest.)] 
 
[- Observation Shift Days: 
[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and 
the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift or SOFR 
Index with Observation Shift) 
[Observation 
Shift 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[specify]] 
[[specify] 
Relevant 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
the 
Conditions]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA and 
the Calculation Method is TONA Compound 
with Observation Period Shift) 
– 
[SOFR Cut-Off Date: 
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. 
Must apply where the Calculation Method is 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean) 
 
[- 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority 
of SOFR Replacement Alternatives listed in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(D).]] 
 
[- ISDA Definitions:  
 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
 
- Observation Look-Back Period: 
[⚫] (only applicable in the case of SOFR or 
SONIA or €STR) / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(xi) FBF 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Floating Rate (Taux variable): 
[⚫] 
 
- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[⚫] 
 
(xii) ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- ISDA Definitions 
[⚫]/[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 [ – Calculation Period: 
[⚫] 
 
– Fixing Day: 
[⚫] 
 
– Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [⚫] 
 
– Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) / [⚫] 
 
– Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of 
days] (if no number is specified, the 
applicable number of days shall be five (5) 
days) / Not Applicable] 
 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
– OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
– Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
– Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
[⚫]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
– Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value of the Lockout will 
be five (5)) 
 
 
– 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity, 
each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
/ Not Applicable] ] 
 
 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)]/[⚫] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-] 
[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[⚫] per cent. per annum (such 
rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)]] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
 
 
(16) 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Issuer Change of Interest Basis/Automatic 
Change of Interest Basis] 
 
(ii) 
Switch Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Switch 
Date 
(excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
5(b), as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] 
/ [Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in paragraph [14/15] of these Final Terms

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Switch 
Date 
(included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
5(b), as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] 
/ [Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in paragraph [14/15] of these Final Terms 
 
(v) 
Notice Period: 
[⚫]/ [Not Applicable] 
(only applicable where “Change of Interest 
Basis” is specified as “Issuer Change of 
Interest Basis”) 
(17) 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(j)(i)):  
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(18) 
 
Call Option (Condition 6(e)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[⚫] per Note [of [⚫] Specified Denomination] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
[- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the items below) 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination] 
 
(iv) Notice period6: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
(19) 
 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
by 
the 
Issuer 
(Condition 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
6  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(i) 
Notice period:7 
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) Redemption Margin:  
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
(20) 
 
Acquisition Event Call Option (Condition 6(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Acquisition Target: 
[⚫] 
 
Acquisition Completion Date: 
[⚫] 
 
Acquisition Event Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
[- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the items below) 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination] 
 
Acquisition Notice Period: 
The period from [[⚫]/[the Issue Date]] to 
[[⚫]/the Acquisition Completion Date] 
(21) 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option (Condition 6(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date:  
[[30/90/180] calendar days](Insert number of 
days before Maturity Date as from which 
option is exercisable)  
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
 
(iii) Notice period8:  
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
(22) 
 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer (Condition 
6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
 
 
7 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
8  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
(23) 
 
Put Option (Condition 6(g)) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
(iii) Notice period9: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] per Note [of [⚫] Specified Denomination] 
[As per the Conditions] / [⚫] 
(24) 
 
Put Option in case of Change of Control 
(Condition 6(i)) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[⚫] per Note [of [⚫] Specified Denomination] 
(25) 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[⚫] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[⚫] 
Specified 
Denomination]] 
(26) 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(k)), for illegality (Condition 6(n)) or 
for an event of default (Condition 9): 
[[⚫] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[⚫] 
Specified 
Denomination]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(27) 
 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised Notes 
 
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether] 
[bearer form (au porteur) / administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) / 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [/if Applicable 
give name and details] (Note that a 
Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to fully registered Notes only) 
 
(iii) [Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
as 
provided by Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
(28) 
 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(d)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and 
not the dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, 
to which sub-paragraph, 14(ii) and (15(vi) 
relate) 
 
 
9 
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
(29) 
  
Redenomination, provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
1(d)] apply] 
(30) 
 
Purchase in accordance with Article L. 213-0-1 
and D. 213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(31) 
 
[Masse (Condition 11):  
[If the Representative is not MASSQUOTE 
S.A.S., insert the wording below: 
Name and address of the Representative: [⚫] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [⚫]]]  
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration.]/[The 
Representative 
will 
receive a remuneration of [⚫].] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
insert the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed for such Series, it shall exercise 
all rights and obligations assigned by law to the 
Representative and the general meeting of the 
Noteholders. 
A 
Representative 
will 
be 
appointed as soon as the Notes are held by 
several Noteholders.]]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of Issuer]: 
 
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 127 ---
127 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [⚫].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris] [specify other relevant regulated market]] 
with effect from [⚫].] [Not Applicable.]  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated/The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: [⚫].] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [⚫]] 
[Other: [⚫]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of 
the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)]. As such, [Insert credit rating 
agency/ies][is/are] included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) 
in accordance with CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended).] [However, certain of [it/their 
respective] affiliates are established in the European Union and 
registered under CRA Regulation by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). Such affiliates endorse the ratings of 
[insert credit rating agency/ies] for use for regulatory purposes in the 
European Union.]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealer(s)] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[⚫]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate purposes] 
 
* (See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus. If an 
Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as being applicable, 
specify (i) the use of proceeds for acquisition consideration, 
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees and (ii) 
the potential use for general financing requirements if the 
Acquisition Event occurs but the Issuer elects not to use the 
Acquisition Event Call Option. If reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, will need to include 
those reasons here.)]  
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[⚫]] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
[Not Applicable]  
[Historic interest rates: 
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/€STR/TONA/[⚫]] 
rates 
can be obtained [but not] free of charges from

--- Page 129 ---
129 
[Reuters/give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance].  
[Benchmarks: 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/[⚫]] which is provided by [⚫]. 
[As at [⚫], [⚫] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/2011, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place the issue

--- Page 130 ---
130 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes. The rules of the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 do not 
apply to the Notes.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Listing and admission to trading  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 18 November 2025 provided 
that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will 
no longer apply. Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext 
Paris and application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market 
in a Member State of the EEA. 
2 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent 
that such Notes constitute bonds (obligations) under French law, require the prior authorisation of the Board 
of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer in accordance with Article L.228-40 of the French 
Code de commerce.  
For this purpose, the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has delegated on 14 
February 2024 to the Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer, the power to issue Notes under the Programme, 
up to a maximum amount of 1,000 million euros in aggregate for one year.  
3 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been (a) no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or 
the Group since 30 September 2024, (b) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the 
date of its last financial statements as at 31 December 2023. 
4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Except as disclosed in item 11.3.1 of the cross-reference table in the section “Documents incorporated by 
reference” of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have, or have had during twelve (12) months 
preceding the date of this document, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, 
or the Group nor is the Issuer aware that any such proceedings are pending or threatened.  
5 
Clearing 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
The Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). The Notes which 
are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed with the Registration Agent. The address of Euroclear 
France is 10-12, place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France. The address of any alternative clearing system 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6 
Material contracts 
Except as disclosed in item 12.1 of the cross-reference table in the section “Documents incorporated by 
reference” of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the 
Issuer’s business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued.  
7 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will be available on the website of the Issuer (with respect to the document listed in (i) below: 
https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/strategie/gourvernance-entreprise; with respect to the documents listed 
in 
(ii) 
below: 
https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finance/relations-investisseurs/resultats-chiffre-
affaire/resultats-et-chiffres-affaires-2024):  
 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any 
part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the documents listed in (i) and (ii) below will be available, 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in (i) to (iii) below on the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf):  
(i) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus;  
(ii) 
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or are offered to 
the public in France and/or in any Member State of the European Economic Area so long as such 
Notes are outstanding; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
8 
Statutory auditors 
Deloitte & Associés and Ernst & Young Audit are the statutory auditors of the Issuer and have audited and 
rendered unqualified reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
The condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2024 have not been audited but were subject to a limited review, without qualification, by Deloitte & 
Associés and Ernst & Young Audit, as stated in their limited review report incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Deloitte & Associés and Ernst & Young Audit are registered as Commissaires aux Comptes (members of 
the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes and the Compagnie Régionale de Versailles) and 
are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
9 
Yield  
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
(as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
10 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) 
calendar days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
11 
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
The Dealers and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent and their 
respective affiliates (including their parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and 
its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may, in the ordinary 
course of their business, (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities 
that may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) 
act as underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group 
or (iii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these 
transactions, the Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where 
applicable, it has or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions.  
The Dealers, the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent or their respective affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation 
agent), including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation 
Agent or Make-whole Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
12 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, 
as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in the relevant Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation, it being specified that SONIA, SOFR, TONA

--- Page 134 ---
134 
and €STR are outside the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation, in accordance with the provisions of Article 
2 of the Benchmarks Regulation, and their administrators are not subject to the requirements of approval or 
registration of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
13 
LEI 
The LEI of the Issuer is 969500PJMBSFHYC37989.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Aéroports de Paris 
1, rue de France 
93290 Tremblay-en-France 
France 
 
duly represented by: 
Virgile SEBAHOUN 
Responsable Pôle Dette et Trésorerie of the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
on 18 November 2024 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 18 November 2024 and is valid until 18 November 2025 and shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 24-488.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
 
Aéroports de Paris 
1, rue de France 
93290 Tremblay-en-France 
France 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Dealers 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
 Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
 
Uptevia  
Tour Cœur Defense  
90-110, Esplanade du General de Gaulle 
92400 Courbevoie 
France

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Make-whole Calculation Agent 
Aether Financial Services 
36 rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France  
Auditors to the Issuer 
Deloitte & Associés 
Tour Majunga – 6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Ernst & Young Audit 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
as to French law 
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
to the Dealers 
as to French law  
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
32, rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France