--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2022 
1 
      
 
 
AEROPORTS DE PARIS S.A.  
(a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France) 
Euro 10,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Aéroports de Paris (“ADP” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at 
any time exceed Euro 10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus 
received the approval number 22-492 on 16 December 2022 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date 
of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission 
(a “Regulated Market”). However, Notes that are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”), (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to 
trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form as more fully described herein. 
The Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents 
of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the Issue Date (as defined herein) in 
the books of Euroclear France S.A. (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”) or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iii)), in either fully registered 
form (nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account maintened by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the 
Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder.  
The Issuer’s long-term debt is rated A/ negative outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.  
The Final Terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference herein, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf) and, as the case may be, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and may be obtained 
without charge from the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to invest in the Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
Arranger and Dealer 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers  
CITIGROUP 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DEUTSCHE BANK  
HSBC 
NATIXIS 
NOMURA 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 2 ---
2 
      
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each 
a “Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of, and for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard 
to the Issuer, the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (filiales consolidées) taken as a whole (the “Group”) 
and the Notes which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group, the rights attaching to the 
Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), each of which 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or the Dealers (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment 
policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
      
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not 
qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a 
UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR 
Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPs IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE 
NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO 
CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES

--- Page 4 ---
4 
      
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES 
ACT). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND 
ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or 
court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential investors 
are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of incorporation) 
might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Potential investors cannot rely upon the tax 
overview contained in this Base Prospectus but should ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their 
individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax is 
still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar 
tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for 
the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice 
in relation to the FTT. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and the Issuer. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in the section “Risk factors”, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than 
in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be 
made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by 
reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as 
a recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements or any other information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The Dealers do not make any representation, express or implied, and do not accept any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
The Dealers do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of of the Dealers.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “Euro”, 
“EUR” and “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which 
was introduced on 1st January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
      
lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency 
of the United States of America and references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful 
currency of Japan.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
      
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 7 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................... 15 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................................. 27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 28 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................... 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 35 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................... 98 
DESCRIPTION OF AEROPORTS DE PARIS ........................................................................................................ 99 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................ 100 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................. 115 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................................... 118 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 135 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................ 139

--- Page 7 ---
7 
      
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and in the relevant Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
 
Issuer: 
Aéroports de Paris  
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
the heading "Risks relating to the Issuer and its Operations" in the section 
headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
the heading "Risks relating to the Notes" in the section headed "Risk Factors" 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”): 
969500PJMBSFHYC37989  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas  
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC 
Continental Europe, Natixis, Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH and 
Société Générale  
 
Any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement.  
Programme Limit: 
Up to Euro 10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time (the 
“Programme Limit”).  
The Programme Limit may be increased, as provided in the dealer agreement 
dated 16 December 2022 between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Put Agent, Redenomination 
Agent, Consolidation Agent 
and Calculation Agent: 
CACEIS Corporate Trust

--- Page 8 ---
8 
      
Make-whole Calculation 
Agent: 
Aether Financial Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more Issue 
Dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued 
in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue Dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, 
with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one (1) month from the original Issue Date of the relevant 
Notes, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by applicable laws and 
regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 12 (whichever is the later). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, Sterling, Yen and USD and in any other 
currency specified in the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in a member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).  
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer (engagements 
chirographaires) and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from 
time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations or 
guarantees of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
      
Negative Pledge: 
The Issuer agrees that so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, it will 
not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other 
form of encumbrance or security interest which would constitute a sûreté 
réelle or its equivalent under any applicable legislation upon all or part of its 
assets, revenues or rights, present or future, to secure any Bond Indebtedness, 
unless the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are equally and rateably 
secured therewith so as to rank pari passu with such Bond Indebtedness or 
the guarantee or indemnity thereof, as set out in Condition 4 - see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”. 
Event of Default (including 
cross-default): 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes, including a cross-
default, as set out in Condition 9 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Events of Default”. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the relevant 
Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes (either in whole or in part) may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Clean-Up Call 
Option”, “Redemption at the Option of the Issuer”, “Acquisition Event Call 
Option” below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons (as provided in Condition 6(k)) or illegality (as 
provided in Condition 6(n)). See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at 
any time or from time to time, prior to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (the “Make-whole 
Redemption Date”) at their Make-whole Redemption Amount.  
The “Make-whole Redemption Amount” will be an amount in the Specified 
Currency being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount of 
the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes until 
the Relevant Redemption Date (determined on the basis of the interest rate 
applicable to the Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes from 
and including the Issue Date or, as the case may be, the scheduled Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date 
to, but excluding, such Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted from the 
Relevant Redemption Date, to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on 
an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption 
Date.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
      
Residual Maturity Call 
Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at par, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (their “Optional 
Redemption Amount”), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and 
including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the event that at least 75% of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, 
the Issuer may have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes 
in that Series at par, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(their “Optional Redemption Amount”), together with any interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. 
Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer: 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
redeem, in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date, as the case may be, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms together with 
any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any partial redemption 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Acquisition Event Call 
Option: 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if an Acquisition Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem in 
whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes of the 
relevant Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption. Any partial redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount 
at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Put Option in case of a 
Change of Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if a Put Event occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to 
require the Issuer to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Notes held by 
such Noteholder on the Put Date at their Optional Redemption Amount as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued up to but 
excluding such date of redemption or repurchase.  
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
      
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues in respect of any Note be subject to withholding or deduction in 
respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions.  
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less than 
zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at 
different rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency pursuant to the 
2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments, or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, each as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) (or any successor) on its 
website, or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
      
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, TONA or SOFR (or such 
other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, 
any successor rate or any alternative rate, in each case as adjusted 
for any applicable margin.  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant FBF Rate, the relevant Reference Rate or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, as the case may be. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less 
than zero. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect 
to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or that will automatically change 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on 
the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series 
of Notes and the potential application of an adjustment spread) as provided 
in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Redenomination: 
Notes denominated in the currency of a country that subsequently participates 
in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union may be 
subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation with other 
Notes denominated in euro, all as more fully provided in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination” 
below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as more 
fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues and 
Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au 
porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, either in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. See “Terms

--- Page 13 ---
13 
      
and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and 
Redenomination”. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Jurisdiction:  
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought 
before any competent court located in the jurisdiction of the Cour d'appel de 
Paris.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to the Notes. 
Initial Delivery of the Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche 
of Notes, a lettre comptable or an application form relating to such Tranche 
of Notes shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to 
Trading: 
Listing and admission to trading on Euronext Paris or other Regulated 
Markets as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes 
may not be admitted to trading or may be unlisted.  
No offer to retail investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France and/or in any 
Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom. 
Method of Publication of this 
Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference, any 
supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms related to the Notes admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published, as the case 
may be, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-
reglementee-amf) and copies may be obtained on request without charge at 
the registered office of the Issuer. The Final Terms will indicate where the 
Base Prospectus may be obtained.  
Rating:  
The Issuer’s long-term debt is rated A/ negative outlook by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). S&P is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with such regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme 
may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The 
rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offers and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
      
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
The rules of the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 do not apply to the Notes.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
      
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer or the Group and/or the Notes and material for 
an informed investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference 
represent the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of 
the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes 
are exhaustive.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should also, in light of their financial circumstances and investment 
objectives, read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant 
sections of any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks 
relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes.  
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into 
account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. In this section, reference to a “Condition” is a reference 
to the numbered paragraphs in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, unless otherwise specified. 
I 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS 
Risks factors relating to the Issuer and its activity are described on pages 126 to 132 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document and certain risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity have been amended 
as at 30 June 2022 for the purposes of describing the major risks and uncertainties that could affect the 
Group towards the end of the current financial year as described on pages 22 to 23 of the 2022 Half-Year 
Financial Report (as defined in section “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). The 2021 Universal 
Registration Document and the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report are incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus and include the following risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity: 
- 
risks for the business model; 
- 
risks of external threats; 
- 
risks related to the maintenance and robustness of airport capacities; 
- 
risks related to the Group's platform development projects; and 
- 
risks related to compliance. 
With regard to "Risks of external threats" and, more specifically, to "Events of a geopolitical nature are 
likely to affect the activities of the Groupe ADP", referred as "2 – C", it is specified that the group is 
monitoring the situation created by Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the international sanctions imposed 
on Russia to assess its short, medium and long-term consequences.  
In 2019, traffic with Ukraine and Russia amounted to 1.4% of Paris Aéroport's total traffic, as well as to

--- Page 16 ---
16 
      
17.1%11 of TAV Airports' total traffic, at 27.9%2 of TAV Airports' international traffic. 
In the first 9 months of 2022, traffic at TAV Airports' Turkish airports is up +44.4% compared to 2021, 
representing 78.9% of the same period in 2019 traffic levels. Although traffic with Russia and Ukraine 
account for 49.1% and 2.4% of their respective levels in the same period in 2019, totaling 4.6 million 
passengers, the recovery at TAV Airports' Turkish airports is supported by other routes, notably traffic 
with the United Kingdom and Germany, which stand at 143.7% and 109.7% of their 2019 levels, totaling 
10.2 million passengers. 
In addition, at Almaty, in Kazakhstan, traffic is up +17.2% compared to the first 9 months of the year, at 
5.2 million passengers, or 108.5% of the traffic level in the same period in 2019. The recovery is also 
supported by an increase of the number of cargo flights served, resulting from the Russian airspace 
overflight ban. 
II 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A. RISKS APPLICABLE TO ALL SERIES OF NOTES  
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by Ordonnance n°2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 
1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the 
purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises 
claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. 
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning 
that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the 
court at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting 
classes through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in 
Condition 11 will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency 
law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, could

--- Page 17 ---
17 
      
negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and waivers 
Condition 11 contains provisions for collective decisions to consider matters affecting their interest generally 
to be adopted either through a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by consent following a written 
consultation (the “Written Resolution”). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant General Meeting or did not consent to the 
Written Resolution and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Collective decisions 
deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the 
limitation provided by French law and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If a decision is adopted by a 
majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their 
investment. 
In addition, Condition 11 provides that the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° and 4° of the French Code 
de commerce, respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of 
any proposal to change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) of any proposal to merge or demerge 
the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce (only 
to the extent that such proposal relates to a merger or demerger with or into another entity of the Group) or 
(iii) of any proposal to issue bonds benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) which does not benefit 
to the Masse shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the 
Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may affect their interests generally. 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations 
under the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
B. RISKS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
1. Early redemption risks 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a Make-
Whole Redemption option as provided in Condition 6(b), a Residual Maturity Call Option as provided in 
Condition 6(c), a Clean-up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(d), a Call Option as provided in Condition 
6(e) or an Acquisition Event Call Option as provided in Condition 6(h).  
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 75% of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, 
and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice 
in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above 
par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.  
With respect to the Redemption on Acquisition Event, the probability and risks related to the non-
consummation of the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) 
may depend on a variety of factors, including (but not limited to) securing competition, foreign investment

--- Page 18 ---
18 
      
and other regulatory approvals, obtaining consents from commercial counterparties or creditors of the 
Acquisition Target, completing required employee consultation procedures and the implementation of the 
Group's strategy with respect to the particular Acquisition Target, some of which will be outside of the 
control of the Issuer. In addition, should the completion of the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target 
not be completed within the Acquisition Notice Period, the Issuer will have the right (but not the obligation) 
to exercise the Redemption on Acquisition Event at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount (as defined 
in the relevant Final Terms) and in such case Noteholders would not receive the total return expected to be 
received on the Notes. Moreover, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through a 
Redemption on Acquisition Event may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the 
redeemed Notes. Conversely, if the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target is not consummated, and 
the Issuer determines not to redeem the Notes, the Notes will remain outstanding as obligations of the Issuer 
and the Acquisition Target will not be a member of the Group. The existence of these early redemption 
options in a particular Series of Notes could limit the market value of such Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, 
further to the occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 6(k) and/or in case of 
illegality as described in Condition 6(n). 
With respect to the Residual Maturity Call Option, if such option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 6(c) of the Terms and 
Condition of the Notes at any time as from (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) until (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes may have a significant impact on their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. As a consequence, the yields received upon 
redemption may be significantly lower than expected. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. In addition, the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Notes paid by the Noteholders. These could have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders 
who may lose all or a substantial part of the capital invested in the Notes.  
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing 
the Notes and could have significant financial impact on the Noteholders. 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer, the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, the 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders, the Acquisition Event Call Option by the Issuer and the 
Put Option in case of Change of Control are exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of such options 
by the Issuer or the Noteholders, as the case may be, in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity 
of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b), the Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e), the Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders provided in 
Condition 6(g), the Acquisition Event Call Option by the Issuer in Condition 6(h) and the Put Option in case 
of Change of Control provided in Condition 6(i) are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by application 
of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed). The Issuer could also be compelled to redeem the Notes in part only 
if the Noteholders decide to exercise their Put Option (if specified in the relevant Final Terms), as provided

--- Page 19 ---
19 
      
in Condition 6(g) and/or their Put Option in case of Change of Control (if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and if a Change of Control were to occur, as provided in Condition 6(i). 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders 
may lose part of their investment. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
In accordance with Condition 6(i) and Condition 6(g), (i) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Noteholders are entitled to exercise a Put Option in case of Change of Control if a Put Event occurs and (ii) 
the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders through the exercise of a Put Option. Exercise of a Put Option in respect of certain Notes may 
affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the 
relevant Final Terms or the Put Option in case of Change of Control provided in the relevant Final Terms is 
exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may 
become illiquid, which shall in turn adversely impact those Noteholders from a financial point of view. 
2. Interest rate risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears or in advance on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. While the nominal interest 
rate of the Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital 
markets (“market interest rate”) typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the 
market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest 
rate increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes 
would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The 
degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) 
which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and 
Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase 
them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed

--- Page 20 ---
20 
      
interest periods. If the Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue 
Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes 
(and vice versa). Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence 
of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant 
margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less 
than zero. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their 
interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change, or that the Issuer may elect to convert, from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. The conversion of the interest rate 
(whether automatic or optional) will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as 
the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the rate is automatically converted 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and 
any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating 
Rate Notes”. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. The market values of the Zero 
Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, in 
similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a 
substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, could be subject to higher losses on their 
investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any 
such volatility may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c), the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) published in the Official Journal 
of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 2018.  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
      
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provisions of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EEA.  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation), which seek to 
mitigate any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material adverse 
impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular: 
- 
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including 
the Issuer) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if 
based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and  
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirement of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the “benchmark” and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment 
or receive less income than would have been the case without such change. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks”, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain 
“benchmarks”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked 
to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes - please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks"" below). However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable 
by the relevant national authority, as further explained below. Depending on the manner in which a 
benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) 
if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-
free overnight rate, whereas the relevant benchmark is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the 
benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, 
and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 12 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”).

--- Page 22 ---
22 
      
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for 
certain benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no 
suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. These provisions 
could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the 
Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time 
or may perform differently from the discontinued or unavailable benchmark. However, there are still 
uncertainties as to the exact implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts taken by the 
European Commission. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are 
extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until 
the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation) provides for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate 
(such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap 
rate, but shall exclude €STR, SOFR, TONA and SONIA), and/or any page on which such benchmark may 
be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no 
longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)), with or without the 
application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied 
with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper 
operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and 
without the consent of the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. In all these circumstances other fallback rules 
might apply if the benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest 
for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period to be used for the following Interest Accrual Period(s), as set 
out in the risk factor above entitled “Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” ”. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. Investors holding such Notes might incur costs 
from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will not benefit from 
any increase in rates.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and as 
a result, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have

--- Page 23 ---
23 
      
a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could 
have unexpected commercial consequences and might not be favourable to each Noteholder.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested 
in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (“€STR”), the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Tokyo Overnight Average (“TONA”) and the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rates (“SOFR”), as reference rates in the capital markets for euro, sterling, yen or U.S. 
dollar bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes, as the case may be, that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may 
issue notes referencing SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR pursuant to Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(V), 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in a way that 
differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by the 
Issuer referencing SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR.  
The nascent development of the use of SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR as interest reference rate for bond 
markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-, €STR-, TONA- or SOFR-based rates for such 
markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk 
free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as SONIA is published by the Bank of England, €STR is published by the European Central 
Bank, TONA is published by the Bank of Japan and SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. SONIA, €STR, 
TONA or SOFR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the 
interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published 
as described in the Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on 
the Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in the Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(V), 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI) or 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Such methods 
may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payment 
that would have been made on the Notes if the SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR reference rate had been 
provided by the Bank of England, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Japan or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as relevant, in their current form. Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, may entail material risks not associated with similar 
investments in convention debt securities.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
      
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Notes which is calculated by 
reference to SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA 
The Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes may be calculated by reference to SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
TONA. Because such rates are overnight funding rates, interest on Notes that reference such rates with 
Interest Accrual Periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of:  
(a) 
in the case of SONIA, (i) the weighted average mean of SONIA over the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period in respect of an Interest Accrual Period or where SONIA is fixed for a certain 
number of days prior to the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, (ii) a compounded SONIA 
(x) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided that the SONIA used as the basis for 
calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior to the observation date or 
(y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period,  
(b) 
in the case of SOFR, (i) the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
where the SOFR is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual 
Period, (ii) a compounded SOFR (x) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided that the 
SOFR used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior 
to the observation date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of 
such Interest Accrual Period or (iii) calculated by reference to the SOFR Index published on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website,  
(c) 
in the case of €STR, a compounded €STR (x) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided 
that €STR used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days 
prior to the observation date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end 
of such Interest Accrual Period, or  
(d) 
in the case of TONA, a compounded TONA (i) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided 
that the TONA used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of 
days prior to the observation date or (ii) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days 
prior to the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to 
the end of such Interest Accrual Period.  
As a consequence of these calculation methods, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment 
date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Investors therefore 
will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes and there is a possibility 
that such amount could be lower than expected. 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect holders of Notes that pay a 
floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
Holders of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest that references SOFR are exposed to the risk that such 
rate may not be widely accepted in the market. The risk of this occurring is mitigated by the fact that SOFR 
was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to 
LIBOR in part because it is considered to be a good representation of general funding conditions in the 
overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury 
securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the 
unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not consider 
SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR historically has been

--- Page 25 ---
25 
      
used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), 
which may, in turn, lessen its market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance 
could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
referencing SOFR. 
C. RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES 
Liquidity risks/Trading Market for the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchanges. The Notes may not have an established 
trading market when issued, and one may never develop. The absence of liquidity may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number 
of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and/or, the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the 
complexity and volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of 
such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any 
redemption features of the Notes, the performance of other instruments linked to the reference rates and the 
level, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the 
Notes. In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and 
therefore may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional 
debt securities. 
Although in relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, application to admission 
to trading will be subject to compliance with Euronext listing requirements. If an active market for the Notes 
does not develop or is not sustained, the market price or the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will 
enable investors to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency in accordance with 
Condition 5. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes, all of 
which could have a significant adverse effect on the return on the investment of the investors. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors whose financial activities are 
carried out or dependent principally in a currency other than euro may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the 
perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
      
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. At 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term debt is rated A/ negative outlook by S&P, as described 
in the section “General Description of the Programme”. The rating of the Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such ratings might not continue for any period of time and 
might be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, this may adversely affect 
the market value of the Notes. Further, Rating Agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If non-
solicited ratings are assigned, such ratings might differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the 
Issuer. 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Tranche of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Therefore, 
the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term debt is rated A/ negative outlook by S&P. However, if the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on the Noteholders 
and as a result the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes and 
the value of the Notes may decrease. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital markets generally and 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The 
price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or part 
of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
      
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that 
are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and 
growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory 
changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by 
or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as at the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit 
forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-
looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not undertake any obligation 
to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new information, future events or 
circumstances or otherwise. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates 
under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
      
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the table below 
included in the following documents (see hyperlinks in pink below):  
a. 
the Rapport Financier Semestriel au 30 juin 2022 of the Issuer (in the French language1), which includes 
the unaudited consolidated half-year financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2022 and the limited 
review report of the statutory auditors thereon (the “2022 Half-Year Financial Report” or the “2022 
HYFR”); 
b. the Amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2021 of the Issuer (in French language2), 
which was filed with the AMF under number D.22-0299-A01 on 1 July 2022 (the “Amendment to the 
2021 Universal Registration Document” or the “Amendment to the 2021 URD”);  
c. 
the Document d’enregistrement universel 2021 of the Issuer (in French language3), which was filed 
with the AMF under number D.22-0299 on 14 April 2022, including the consolidated audited financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the statutory auditors’ audit 
reports thereon (the “2021 Universal Registration Document” or the “2021 URD”); and 
d. the Document d’enregistrement universel 2020 of the Issuer (in French language4), which was filed 
with the AMF under number D.21-0149 on 18 March 2021, including the consolidated audited financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the statutory auditors’ audit 
reports thereon (the “2020 Universal Registration Document” or the “2020 URD”). 
The sections referred to in the table below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus 
to the extent that a statement contained in a section which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference are either not relevant for the 
investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report, the Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document, the 
2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document, which contain the sections 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
are 
published 
and 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf) and may be obtained without charge 
from the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours.  
                                                          
 
1  The free English language translation of the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report may be obtained without charge from the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf). This document is available for information purposes only and 
is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language version.  
2  The free English language translation of the Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from 
the website of the Issuer (https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf). This document is available for 
information purposes only and is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language 
version.  
3  The free English language translation of the 2021 Universal Registration Document (save for the Amendement au Document d’enregistrement 
universel) may be obtained without charge from the website of the Issuer (https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-
reglementee-amf). This document is available for information purposes only and is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The 
only binding version is the French language version.  
4  The free English language translation of the 2020 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the website of the 
Issuer (https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf). This document is available for information purposes only 
and is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language version.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
      
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is 
set out in the cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by 
the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation, as amended (the "Commission Delegated Regulation") and not referred to in the cross-reference tables 
below is either contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the Issuer.  
Any information not listed in the following cross-reference table but included in the documents listed above is given 
for information purposes only. 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list above, 
the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein and is 
for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form any part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
      
Cross-reference table 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
 
Information incorporated 
by reference 
2022 HYFR 
  
Amendment 
to the 2021 
URD  
2021 URD 
 
2020 URD 
 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the 
issuer and that may affect 
the issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the 
securities, 
in 
a 
limited 
number of categories, in a 
section 
headed 
‘Risk 
Factors’. 
 
In each category the most 
material 
risks, 
in 
the 
assessment of the issuer, 
offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking 
into account the negative 
impact on the issuer and the 
probability 
of 
their 
occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall 
be corroborated by the 
content of the registration 
document. 
Pages 22 to 23 
 
Pages 126 to 
132 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer 
 
 
Page 432 
 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of 
the Issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity 
identifier (“LEI”). 
 
 
Page 432 
 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation 
and length of life of the 
Issuer, except where the 
period is indefinite. 
 
 
Page 432 
 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form 
of the Issuer, the legislation 
under which the Issuer 
operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its 
registered 
office 
(or 
principal place of business if 
different from its registered 
office) and website of the 
Issuer, if any, with a 
disclaimer 
that 
the 
 
 
Page 432

--- Page 31 ---
31 
      
information on the website 
does not form part of the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information is incorporated 
by 
reference 
into 
the 
prospectus. 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular 
to the Issuer and which are 
to a material extent relevant 
to the evaluation of the 
Issuer’s solvency. 
Pages 6, 7 and 
24 
 
 
 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities  
5.1.1 
A brief description of the 
issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories 
of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
 
 
Pages 50 to 87 
 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements 
made 
by 
the 
issuer 
regarding its competitive 
position. 
 
 
Pages 117 to 
118 
 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a 
group, a brief description of 
the group and the issuer’s 
position within the group. 
This may be in the form of, 
or 
accompanied 
by, 
a 
diagram 
of 
the 
organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the 
structure.  
Pages 4, 5 and 
24 
 
Page 53 
 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
9.1 
Names, business addresses 
and functions within the 
issuer of the following 
persons and an indication of 
the 
principal 
activities 
performed by them outside 
of that issuer where these 
are significant with respect 
to that issuer: 
(a) 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory 
bodies; 
 
Pages 23 and 
59 
Pages 151 to 
159 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management, 
and 
supervisory 
bodies 
conflicts of interests 
 
Potential 
conflicts 
of 
interests between any duties 
to the issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and 
their private interests and or 
 
 
Page 160

--- Page 32 ---
32 
      
other duties must be clearly 
stated. In the event that there 
are no such conflicts, a 
statement to that effect must 
be made. 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the 
issuer 
is 
directly 
or 
indirectly 
owned 
or 
controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such 
control and describe the 
measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not 
abused. 
 
 
Pages 418 to 
419 
 
10.2 
A 
description 
of 
any 
arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in 
control of the issuer. 
 
 
Page 427 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
11.1.1 
Historical 
financial 
information covering the 
latest two financial years (at 
least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer 
has been in operation and 
the audit report in respect of 
each year 
Pages 25 to 
109 
 
Pages 282 to 
371 
Pages 194 to 
282 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
The financial information 
must be prepared according 
to International Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the Union based 
on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 
Pages 37 to 39 
 
Pages 290 to 
291 
Page 202 
11.1.5 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements  
If the issuer prepares both 
stand-alone 
and 
consolidated 
financial 
statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial 
statements 
in 
the 
registration document 
Pages 25 to 
109 
 
Pages 282 to 
371 
Pages 194 to 
282

--- Page 33 ---
33 
      
11.1.6 
Age of financial 
information 
The balance sheet date of 
the last year of audited 
financial information may 
not be older than 18 months 
from the date of the 
registration document 
 
 
Page 286 
 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
11.2.1 
The 
historical 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited. The 
audit 
report 
shall 
be 
prepared in accordance with 
Directive 2006/43/EC and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
537/2014. 
Pages 25 to 26 
 
Pages 368 to 
371 
Pages 277 to 
282 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
11.3.1 
Information 
on 
any 
governmental, 
legal 
or 
arbitration 
proceedings 
(including 
any 
such 
proceedings 
which 
are 
pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at 
least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have 
had in the recent past 
significant effects on the 
Issuer 
and/or 
group’s 
financial 
position 
or 
profitability, or provide an 
appropriate 
negative 
statement. 
Pages 6 and 
108 
Page 27 
Pages 138 and 
274 
 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12.1 
A brief summary of all 
material contracts that are 
not entered into in the 
ordinary 
course 
of 
the 
issuer's 
business, 
which 
could result in any group 
member being under an 
obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the 
issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations 
to 
security 
holders in respect of the 
securities being issued. 
 
 
Page 433

--- Page 34 ---
34 
      
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes 
and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer and the Group, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, 
the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, or 
publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent listing and admission to trading 
on a regulated market, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus or replacement Base Prospectus to the AMF 
for approval and supply each Dealer, Euronext Paris and the AMF with such number of copies of such supplement 
to the Base Prospectus or replacement Base Prospectus as may reasonably be requested.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
      
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in 
the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Aéroports de Paris (the “Issuer” or “ADP”). An agency agreement dated 16 
December 2022 (the “Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between the Issuer and CACEIS Corporate 
Trust as fiscal agent, paying agent, put agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent, and calculation 
agent for the purpose of the Conditions (except for Condition 6(b)) (the “Fiscal Agent”, “Paying Agent”, 
“Put Agent”, “Redenomination Agent”, “Consolidation Agent” and “Calculation Agent”) and a make-
whole calculation agency agreement (contrat d’agent de calcul de la clause de make-whole) relating to the 
Notes (the “Make-whole Calculation Agency Agreement”) has been entered into on 16 December 2022 
between the Issuer and Aether Financial Services as make-whole calculation agent for the purpose of 
Condition 6(b) only (the “Make-whole Calculation Agent”) (which expressions shall, where the context so 
admits, include any successor for the time being as fiscal agent, paying agent, put agent, redenomination 
agent, consolidation agent, calculation agent or make-whole calculation agent, as the case may be, and are 
collectively referred to as the “Agents”). 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market 
situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-
1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book-entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Notes. 
The Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au porteur), which 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) (acting as 
central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder either 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held 
by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration 
Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with French 
laws unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with

--- Page 36 ---
36 
      
Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary 
bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”).  
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to the Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. 
Title to the Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in 
the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder (as defined below) of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iii) 
In these Conditions, “Holder of Notes”, “Holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” 
means the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder 
or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such 
Notes; and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable 
to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination:  
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note by giving at least thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on 
which the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are 
denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
      
European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”), or 
events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
“EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into euro 
and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set 
out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which 
such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as 
the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency 
into euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate established 
by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the 
Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion 
of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The euro denominations 
of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 
euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be 
payable in euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders 
by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 12, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 12 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business 
day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of 
the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account 
market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which 
it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or 
additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes 
and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note or 
other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the credit or transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding 
effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued 
in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
principal amount of Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be fungible with

--- Page 38 ---
38 
      
all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (except the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche), which will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(i) 
Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into Notes in registered form, 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the Noteholder, 
be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice 
versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer (engagements chirographaires) and rank and will at all times 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as 
are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or 
future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations or guarantees of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
The Issuer agrees that so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, it will not create or permit 
to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest which 
would constitute a sûreté réelle or its equivalent under any applicable legislation upon all or part of 
its assets, revenues or rights, present or future, to secure any Bond Indebtedness (as defined below), 
unless the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are equally and rateably secured therewith so as 
to rank pari passu with such Bond Indebtedness or the guarantee or indemnity thereof.  
For the purpose of this Condition: 
(i) 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than: (a) those 
which have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which 
the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption 
monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and 
any interest payable under Condition 5 after such date) have been duly paid to the Fiscal 
Agent, (c) those which have been purchased and that are held or have been cancelled as 
provided in Condition 6 and (d) those in respect of which claims have become prescribed 
under Condition 10. 
(ii) 
“Bond Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the 
form of, or represented by, bonds (obligations) or other securities (including titres de

--- Page 39 ---
39 
      
créances négociables) which are, or are capable of being, listed, admitted to trading or 
ordinarily dealt in any stock exchange, over-the counter or other securities market. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the FBF Definitions and 
in the ISDA Definitions have either been used or reproduced in this Condition 5. 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by the ISDA, as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto 
(the “TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”);  
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the principal financial centre for currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centre(s) so specified, 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”):  
(i) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual /365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 
365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 40 ---
40 
      
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
where:  
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360” or “360/360 (Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
      
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended,  
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
Transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the “FBF 
Master Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series,  
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be,

--- Page 42 ---
42 
      
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro, 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date, 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
“ISDA Definitions” means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided in each case 
that if the Calculation Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any 
successor definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as 
supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives published from time to time, all as 
determined as of the date of the relevant determination, 
“Margin” means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or figures with respect to the 
applicable Interest Accrual Period specified in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that such 
margin can have a positive or a negative value or be equal to zero, 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent with the approval of the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. EURIBOR, 
€STR, SONIA, TONA or SOFR (or any successor or replacement rate),  
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, the date on which payment in respect of it first 
became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made, 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or

--- Page 43 ---
43 
      
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to that Reference Rate,  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear or in advance as specified in the relevant Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest (“Fixed Coupon Amount”) or a broken amount of interest 
(“Broken Amount”) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable 
on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, 
the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) 
on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Conditions 5(h) and 5(i). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if 
no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Accrual Period after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention 
would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such 
date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the 
Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that 
Business Day Convention.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
      
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF 
Determination or ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
II. 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Floating 
Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)” 
and “Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions, 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and “2006 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
I. 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”,

--- Page 45 ---
45 
      
“Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
If the paragraph “Floating Rate Option” in the relevant Final Terms 
provides that the rate of interest will be determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
such Interest Accrual Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
linear interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on the relevant 
Floating Rate, provided that the first rate of interest corresponds to a 
maturity immediately inferior to the duration of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately 
superior to the same relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
IV. 
the relevant “Fixing Day” is the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
V. 
the “Effective Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;  
VI. 
the “Termination Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period; 
VII. 
the relevant “Calculation Period” is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions for which purpose references to “Effective Date” and 
“Period End Date” (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed 
to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); 
and

--- Page 46 ---
46 
      
VIII. 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring 
Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of 
days is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if 
no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, five 
(5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, the 
“Lookback” is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, 
the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) 
if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
so, Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, “Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the “Observation Period Shift” is either (x) 
as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Final Terms, the number specified 
as the “Observation Period Shift” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) 
if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout 
Period Business Day” is as specified in the Final Terms 
and the “Lockout” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise defined 
in such sub-paragraph, “Calculation Agent”, “Compounding with 
Lockout”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with

--- Page 47 ---
47 
      
Observation Period Shift”, “Delayed Payment”, “Designated 
Maturity”, “Effective Date”, “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Day”, 
“Lockout”, 
“Lookback”, 
“Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight 
Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Reset Date”, “Set in 
Advance” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA 
Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to “Relevant Rate” 
under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the 
ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
I. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) 
subject to Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, 
be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or  
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (a indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
II. 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph I.(i) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if sub-paragraph I.(ii) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate

--- Page 48 ---
48 
      
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
III. 
if paragraph II. above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro zone inter-
bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period). 
IV. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period, 
will 
be 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(IV)(A) below or 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV)(B) below subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV)(D) below. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
      
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV) : 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(x) 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms: 
 [∏(1 + SONIAi−pLBD × ni
365
) −1] × 365
d
do
i=1
;  or 
(y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
⌊∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐼× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
⌋× 365
𝑑 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
“d” means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period; 
“do” means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Observation

--- Page 50 ---
50 
      
Lookback Period, the number of London Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant London Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified 
as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in 
the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the day following 
the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
Interest Period Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“London Business Day” means a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period where “Lag” or “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of London Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London 
Business Days); 
“ni” means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such London 
Business Day i up to (but excluding) the following London 
Business Day; 
“Observation Lookback Period” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling p London Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is p London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Period Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Reference Day” means each London Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period that is not a London 
Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period;  
“SONIA i” means, in respect of a London Business Day i: 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect 
of such London Business Day i; or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
      
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that 
is a Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Determination Date for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for such 
London Business Day i; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means:  
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of a London 
Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the London 
Business Day falling p London Business Days prior 
to such London Business Day i; or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of a London 
Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of such London 
Business Day i. 
“SONIA Rate” means, in respect of any London Business 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate for such London Business Day, as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Business Day immediately following such London 
Business Day; and  
“Weighted Average SONIA” means: 
(x) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA 
Rate in respect of each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period divided by 
the number of calendar days during such 
Observation Lookback Period. For these purposes, 
the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
      
London Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; or 
(y) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the sum of the 
SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, provided that, for any calendar day 
of such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-
out Period for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be 
deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding the 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar 
day which is not a London Business Day shall, 
subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
(x) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at the close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads); or 
(y) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the immediately preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such 
London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of 
England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
      
SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent shall follow such 
guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the 
SONIA Rate is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (subject to the application of the 
relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period). 
 
V. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
  
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as 
defined below) has occurred, then the €STR for such TARGET

--- Page 54 ---
54 
      
Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event 
and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then 
the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in 
the relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after that 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall 
be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate

--- Page 55 ---
55 
      
or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)(V): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
€STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the 
European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
1) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
2) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no

--- Page 56 ---
56 
      
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on 
the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight 
deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central 
Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
1) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR 
for each of the 30 (thirty) TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurred; or 
2) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the 
interest rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day 
falling in the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR for the 
TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
      
1) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
2) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“€STR Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from and including the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (and the first €STR Observation Period 
shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET Business 
Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment 
Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
      
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of TARGET Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of 
the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu 
or any successor website officially designated by the European 
Central Bank. 
VI. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being TONA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily TONA 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, and calculated in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI), subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI)(A) below and Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VI)(B) below, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI): 
“Compounded Daily TONA” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for an 
investment in Japanese yen on each calendar day during the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, compounded daily (with the daily 
Tokyo Overnight Average rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest), calculated by the Calculation Agent, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(i) if “TONA Compound with Lookback” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first Tokyo Banking Day in such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
      
“Lookback Period” or “p” means the number of Tokyo Banking 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number 
is specified, 5 Tokyo Banking Days; 
“ni” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi up 
to (but excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day; 
“TONAi” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in 
respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
“TONAi-pTBD” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONAi 
in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling p Tokyo Banking Days 
prior to such Tokyo Banking Day; 
 
(ii) if “TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× n𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
“d” means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the number 
of calendar days in such TONA Observation Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the number 
of Tokyo Banking Days in such TONA Observation Period; 
“I” means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the Tokyo 
Banking Days in chronological order from (and including) the first 
Tokyo Banking Day in such TONA Observation Period; 
“ni” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi up 
to (but excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Relevant 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
number is specified, 5 Relevant Business Days;  
“Relevant Business Day” means a day which is (i) a Tokyo 
Banking Day, (ii) if one or more Observation Shift Business 
Centre(s) (other than TARGET2 System) are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
Observation Shift Business Centre(s) and (iii) if “TARGET2 
System” is specified as an Observation Shift Business Centre, a

--- Page 60 ---
60 
      
day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open;  
“TONA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the 
number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) the date that 
is the number Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period;  
“TONAi” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in 
respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi;  
“Tokyo Banking Day” means a day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; and 
“TONA” means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent, in 
respect of a Tokyo Banking Day, being the Tokyo Overnight 
Average (TONA) rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or any 
successor administrator) for such Tokyo Banking Day as provided 
by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) in each case as of approximately 10.00 
a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended publication time as specified 
by the administrator of such rate) on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. If no such rate is 
published by the administrator of TONA or an authorised 
distributor and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of 
TONA other than as a consequence of a TONA Index Cessation 
Event, then TONA for such Tokyo Banking Day will be TONA last 
provided or published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as 
otherwise published by relevant authorised distributors) that 
appears at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Bank of 
Japan's Website on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following 
such Tokyo Banking Day. 
(A) Correction of TONA 
If TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day is subsequently corrected 
and provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors of 
TONA and published on the Relevant Screen Page no later than the 
Correction Cut-off Time (if any) or, if later (or there is no such Correction 
Cut-off Time), one hour after the rate for such Tokyo Banking Day is 
published on the Relevant Screen Page, then TONA in respect of such 
Tokyo Banking Day shall be the subsequently corrected and published rate 
appearing on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Where:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
      
“Correction Cut-off Time” means the time specified as such by the 
administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology. 
(B) TONA Fallbacks 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines at any time 
prior to the TONA Reference Time on any Tokyo Banking Day that a TONA 
Index Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate in respect of each Tokyo 
Banking Day falling on or after the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be the JPY Recommended Rate.  
If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo 
Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date, but 
neither the administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish the 
JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject to the below, in respect of any day 
for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided 
or published JPY Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which 
the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published TONA.  
If: 
(i) there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first 
Tokyo Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation 
Effective Date; or  
(ii) there is a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs in respect of 
such JPY Recommended Rate, 
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the 
TONA Index Cessation Effective Date or a JPY Recommended Rate Fixing 
Day occurring on or after the JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date, as the case may be, will be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate, as the case may be, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account any rate implemented 
by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with 
trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing TONA or the JPY 
Recommended Rate (as applicable) that the Calculation Agent, considers 
sufficient for that rate to be a representative alternative rate.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI)(B): 
“JPY Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, 
the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened by 
the Bank of Japan for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
TONA (which rate may be produced by the Bank of Japan or another 
administrator) and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that

--- Page 62 ---
62 
      
rate is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor 
administrator), published by an authorised distributor in respect of such 
day; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day” means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate and any day, the publication day specified by the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate for the JPY Recommended 
Rate in its benchmark methodology; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in 
respect of the JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the JPY Recommended Rate 
would ordinarily have been published or provided and is no longer 
published or provided;  
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of 
the JPY Recommended Rate:  
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate announcing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the JPY Recommended Rate; or  
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
the central bank for the currency of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the JPY Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate 
has ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the JPY Recommended Rate; 
“TONA Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of TONA and 
a TONA Index Cessation Event, the first date on which TONA would 
ordinarily have been published or provided and is no longer published or 
provided;  
“TONA Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of TONA:  
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of TONA announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide TONA; or

--- Page 63 ---
63 
      
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the central bank for the 
currency of TONA, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of TONA, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of TONA or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of TONA, which states that the administrator of 
TONA has ceased or will cease to provide TONA permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide TONA; and 
“TONA Reference Time” means, with respect to any determination of 
TONA, 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
following the date of such determination. 
 
VII. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period 
will 
be 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(A) or 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(B), subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(D) below. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being “SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, the Rate 
of Interest will be the SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being “SOFR Compound”, the Rate of 
Interest will be the Compounded Daily SOFR on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII) : 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg 
screen designated "SOFRRATE" or any successor page or service; 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each 
calendar day during the Interest Accrual Period, compounded

--- Page 64 ---
64 
      
daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi−pUSBD × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
Where: 
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days;  
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi (“pUSBD”), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-
Off Date is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi in the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest 
Period Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period;  
(ii) if “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 65 ---
65 
      
[∏
(1 + SOFRi × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
Where: 
“d” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date that is the number Observation Shift Days 
prior to the next occurring Interest Period Date in such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and 
“SOFRi” means, in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi;  
(iii) if “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
( SOFR Index Final
SOFR Index Initial
−1) × 360
dc
 
Where:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
      
“dc” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
“SOFR Index” means with respect to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as 
published by the NY Federal Reserve as such index appears 
on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) 
above does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, 
the SOFR Index as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website;  
“SOFR IndexFinal” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“SOFR IndexInitial” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period (or, in the case of the first Interest 
Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date);  
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York; 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the 
NY Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or 
any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the 
website of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page 
designated “USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
“SOFR” means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in 
accordance with the following provisions:  
(a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that appears 
at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”) on the NY Federal

--- Page 67 ---
67 
      
Reserve’s Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported 
on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that is reported on 
the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Screen Page”); or 
(b) if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and 
the Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR 
Transition Event has not occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the arithmetic mean of SOFR for each 
calendar day during such Interest Accrual Period, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent provided that, SOFR in 
respect of each calendar day during the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next 
occurring Interest Period Date will be SOFR on the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, SOFR in respect of any 
calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be 
deemed to be SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day;  
“SOFR Cut-Off Date” means, unless specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the fourth U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest 
Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period (or such other 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); and  
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(“SIFMA”) recommends that the fixed income departments

--- Page 68 ---
68 
      
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (A) to (C) above, if the 
Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time, that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the 
provisions set forth in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(D) below 
will apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines 
at any time prior to the SOFR Determination Time on any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR 
Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date 
have occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent 
(the “Replacement Rate Determination Agent”) which will 
determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-
dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent, (y) an affiliate of the Calculation Agent or (z) such 
other independent entity that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be competent to carry out such role.  
In connection with the determination of the SOFR 
Replacement, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent may subsequently determine that a SOFR 
Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that 
the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the 
SOFR 
Replacement 
and 
any 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution 
have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR 
Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark 
and all relevant definitions shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, 
the following definitions shall apply:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
      
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in respect of a Series of 
Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto (“ISDA”), as amended or supplemented as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in respect of a Series of 
Notes, the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
(including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published 
by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to SOFR for the applicable 
tenor; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event 
with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor 
thereto; 
“SOFR Benchmark” means (a) (unless SOFR Compound – 
SOFR Index with Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(C) above);  
“SOFR Replacement” means any one (or more) of the 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives to be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date if the Calculation Agent, failing which the 
Issuer, determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to 
the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any

--- Page 70 ---
70 
      
determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in accordance with: 
(a) the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives Priority in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(b) if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance 
with the priority set forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR 
Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and each subsequent Interest Accrual Period, 
subject to the occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition 
Event and related SOFR Replacement Date; 
“SOFR Replacement Alternatives” means:  
(a) the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Accrual Period and 
(ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the “Relevant 
Governmental Body Replacement”); 
(b) the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment 
(the 
“ISDA 
Fallback 
Replacement”); or 
(c) the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such 
time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the 
“Industry Replacement”); 
“SOFR Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined

--- Page 71 ---
71 
      
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Replacement Date:  
(a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;  
(b) if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; or 
(c) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such 
time; 
“SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect to any SOFR Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining 
rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions, business day convention and other 
administrative 
matters) 
that 
the 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that no market practice for 
use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner); 
“SOFR Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of 
the following events with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition 
of "SOFR Transition Event" the later of (i) the date of

--- Page 72 ---
72 
      
the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"SOFR Transition Event" the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced 
therein; or 
(c) in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or 
publications of information as referenced in sub-paragraphs 
(a) or (b) above, should such event or circumstance referred 
to in such a public statement or publication occur on a date 
falling later than three months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be 
deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such 
specified date (and not the date of the relevant public 
statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
SOFR Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time for 
such determination. 
“SOFR Transition Event” means the occurrence of any one 
or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central 
bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), an insolvency official with

--- Page 73 ---
73 
      
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a 
resolution 
authority 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator for SOFR (or such component, if relevant) 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which 
states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component, 
if 
relevant) 
announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) is no longer representative, the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has 
been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(d) the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its 
administrator (or a successor administrator) for six 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
“Unadjusted SOFR Replacement” means the SOFR 
Replacement prior to the application of any SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment. 
 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final terms), the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are

--- Page 74 ---
74 
      
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), “Applicable Maturity” 
means: (a) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time specified 
in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (c) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(E) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any 
time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any 
remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
following provisions shall not apply and shall not prevail over other 
fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(A), 5(c)(iii)(B) and shall not 
apply to SONIA, €STR, TONA and SOFR. 
(a) Independent Adviser  
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E). 
(b) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that: 
1. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) 
(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference

--- Page 75 ---
75 
      
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)); or 
2. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)). 
(c) Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (A) that amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
      
(e) Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
(f) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions 
of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(g) Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation 
to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately 
following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this 
provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Original 
Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), namely the 
Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, will continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), 
at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions 
until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in 
these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will 
continue to apply in accordance with their terms). This may result 
in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period in 
question. 
(h) Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E):

--- Page 77 ---
77 
      
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
      
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before 
a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in (i);  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six months; 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, 
is no longer representative of an underlying market or 
that its method of calculation has significantly changed; 
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder 
using 
the 
Original 
Reference 
Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); 
or 
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of 
any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted. 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(a);

--- Page 79 ---
79 
      
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, 
two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall 
determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the 
date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(j)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, on such due date, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which

--- Page 80 ---
80 
      
event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 5(a)). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above 
by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be, provided that in no event, will the Rate of Interest 
be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest of 0.00 per cent. Whether or not a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in no event shall the rate of interest (including for the avoidance of 
doubt, as adjusted with any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country(ies) of such currency.  
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Acquisition Event Redemption Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable 
on such date as the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination 
or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Acquisition 
Event Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for

--- Page 81 ---
81 
      
each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-whole 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such 
Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
(i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant 
to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual 
Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-
whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
(j) Calculation Agent and Make-whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best 
efforts to procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents or one 
Make-whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms 
and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Make-whole 
Redemption Amount, Acquisition Event Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of 
Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
      
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to the Relevant 
Redemption Date (the “Make-whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-whole 
Redemption Amount.  
The “Make-whole Redemption Amount” will be calculated by the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent and will be an amount in the Specified Currency rounded to the nearest 
cent (half a cent being rounded upwards) being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the 
Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of 
the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes until the 
Relevant Redemption Date (determined on the basis of the interest rate applicable to the 
Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes from and including the Issue Date 
or, as the case may be, the scheduled Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such 
Make-whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, such Make-whole Redemption Date)) 
discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date, to the relevant Make-whole Redemption 
Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means Aether Financial Services, or any successor 
thereto. 
“Principal Amount” means the Specified Denomination of the Notes, subject, as the case 
may be, to any adjustment as described in Condition 6(f). 
The “Redemption Rate” means: 
(i) 
the yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) expressed as an annual rate as determined by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent based on the Reference Security mid- market price published on the relevant 
Regulated Market on the fourth (4th) business day in Paris preceding the Make-
whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)); or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Security price cannot be determined in accordance with (i) above, 
the yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) expressed as an annual rate as determined by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent based on the Reference Security mid-market price published on the relevant 
Bloomberg screen page (or such other page or service as may replace it for the 
purpose of displaying such price) on the fourth (4th) business day in Paris 
preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time 
(CET)); or 
(iii) 
if the Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Reference Security 
price pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the average of the four quotations (eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations)) 
given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th)

--- Page 83 ---
83 
      
business day in Paris preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time (CET). 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent after prior consultation with the Issuer if practicable under 
the circumstances at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the third (3rd) business 
day in Paris preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-
whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 13. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Redemption Date” means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be used, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount and the Redemption Rate will be notified in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(b). 
The Make-whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as agent for 
the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the 
Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at par, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (their “Optional Redemption Amount”), together with any interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period 
starting on (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date.  
(d) 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 75% of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of a particular Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt include any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of 
a particular Series of Notes) has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, 
at its option but subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15)

--- Page 84 ---
84 
      
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, 
redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes in that Series at par, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (their “Optional Redemption Amount”), together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption.  
This Clean-up Call Option shall not be exercised within the 12 months following the 
exercise of a partial redemption by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer) or Condition 6(h) (Redemption on Acquisition Event). 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, in whole 
or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date, as the case may be, at their Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any partial 
redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Partial Redemption: In the case of a partial redemption, the redemption shall be effected 
by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all 
Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed), subject to 
compliance with any other applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in 
which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority and/or 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading a 
notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at their Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained 
from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice 
period. The Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Notes to be redeemed 
to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised

--- Page 85 ---
85 
      
and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the 
prior consent of the Issuer.  
(h) 
Redemption on Acquisition Event: If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders within the Acquisition Notice 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), at its option, redeem, in whole or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes of the relevant Series then 
outstanding at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
Any partial redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. Concurrently with the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(h), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Noteholders a certificate indicating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred.  
For the purposes of this Condition:  
an “Acquisition Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer (i) has not, on or 
prior to the Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in the Final Terms), completed and 
closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) has 
publicly announced that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition 
Target. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control:  
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control (as defined below) is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if a Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each Noteholder will have the 
option to require the Issuer to redeem or repurchase all or part of the Notes held by such 
Noteholder on the Put Date (as defined below) at their Optional Redemption Amount as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued up to but excluding such 
date of redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put Option in case of Change of 
Control”) shall operate as set out below. 
(A) A “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) any person or group of persons acting in concert (within the meaning of Article 
L. 233-10 of the French Code de commerce) or any person or persons acting 
on behalf of any such person(s) (the “Relevant Persons”) (a) acquires directly 
or indirectly more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total voting rights or of the 
issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer (or any successor entity), and/or (b) 
acquires directly or indirectly a number of shares in the ordinary share capital 
of the Issuer carrying more than forty (40) per cent. of the voting rights 
exercisable in general meetings of the Issuer and provided that no other 
shareholder of such entity, directly or indirectly, acting alone or in concert 
with others, holds a number of shares carrying a percentage of the voting 
rights exercisable in such general meetings which is higher than the 
percentage of voting rights attached to the number of shares held directly or

--- Page 86 ---
86 
      
indirectly by such Relevant Person(s) (any such event being a “Change of 
Control”); and 
(ii) on the date notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13 (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) 
the date of the first public announcement of the Change of Control; and (y) 
the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement, 
either the Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer carries 
from any of Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”), or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) or any of their 
respective successors or affiliates to the rating business thereof, or any other 
rating agency (each a “Substitute Rating Agency”) of equivalent 
international standing (each, a “Rating Agency”), in each case solicited by 
the Issuer: 
(x) an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or their equivalent 
for the time being, or better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is, 
within the Change of Control Period either downgraded to a non-
investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent for the time 
being, or worse) or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control 
Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case 
of a withdrawal) reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such 
Rating Agency; or 
(y) a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or their equivalent 
for the time being, or worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is 
within the Change of Control Period either downgraded by one or more 
notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) 
or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
1. any such decision of the relevant Rating Agency referred to in (x) or 
(y) above shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a 
particular Change of Control if such Rating Agency does not publicly 
announce or confirm that such decision was the result, in whole or in 
part, of any event or circumstance relating to such Change of Control; 
and 
2. if at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control neither the 
Notes nor the senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer is rated 
by a Rating Agency, and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change 
of Control Period an investment grade rating to the Notes, a Put Event 
will be deemed to have occurred. 
(B) Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 specifying the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise 
to it and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
      
(C) To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
the Notes to be so redeemed or repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent 
and deliver to the Issuer a duly completed or repurchase notice in writing (a 
“Change of Control Put Notice”), in which such Noteholder will specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this paragraph, within the period 
(the “Put Period”) of forty-five (45) calendar days after a Put Event Notice is 
given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer written notice of the 
occurrence of a Put Event of which it is aware and (ii) the Issuer fails to give a Put 
Event Notice to the Noteholders by close of business of the third (3rd) Business 
Day after the receipt of such notice from the Noteholder, in which case the Put 
Period will start from such third Business Day and will end on the day falling 
forty-five (45) calendar days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall 
redeem or repurchase the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of 
Change of Control has been validly exercised as provided above and subject to 
the transfer of the Notes, on the date which is the fifth (5th) Business Day 
following the end of the Put Period (the “Put Date”). Payment in respect of such 
Notes will be made by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of 
Control Put Notice. 
(D) For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant 
Announcement Date, and ending 180 calendar days (inclusive) after the 
occurrence of the relevant Change of Control (or such longer period for which the 
Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer are under consideration 
(such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 120 
calendar days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control) for rating 
review or, as the case may be, rating by, a Rating Agency, such period not to 
exceed 60 calendar days after the public announcement of such consideration); 
and 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public 
announcement or statement by the Issuer or any Relevant Person thereto relating 
to any potential Change of Control. 
(j) 
Optional Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 
6(g), 6(h), 6(i), 6(k) and 6(n) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 shall be calculated as provided below.  
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount, of any

--- Page 88 ---
88 
      
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Optional Redemption 
Amount, an Early Redemption Amount, a Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount or an Acquisition Event Redemption Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant 
to Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(g), 6(h), 6(i), 6(k) and 6(n) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, 
the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the 
Acquisition Event Redemption Amount becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the 
Acquisition Event Redemption Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(k) 
or 6(n), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be 
the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application 
or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional 
amounts as specified under Condition 8 (b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) subject to having given not more than forty-
five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which

--- Page 89 ---
89 
      
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem, in whole 
but not in part, the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the 
latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders of the 
full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 8 (b) below, then the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon 
giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued 
to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such 
notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption 
pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving 
notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any time, (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes or, if that 
date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(l) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. Unless the 
possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with French laws 
and regulations. 
(m) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation must be 
cancelled by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
France and, if so transferred, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Notes). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(n) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful 
for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the 
Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 13, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
      
7 
Payments  
(a) 
Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Notes 
in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and, (in the case of Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated 
in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly 
made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payments. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to Condition 8) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and 
their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in 
each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and 
the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent 
and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long as the rules of, or applicable to, the 
relevant Regulated Market so require), (v) in the case of Notes, in fully registered form, a 
Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated 
Market on which the Notes may be listed or admitted to trading. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 12, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such 
other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, 
the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to

--- Page 91 ---
91 
      
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which Euroclear France is open for business, (B) in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and 
(C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro), where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro), 
which is a TARGET Business Day.  
8 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If, pursuant to French law or regulation, payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note become subject to withholding or 
deduction for any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the 
holder of each Note, after such withholding or deduction, will receive the full amount then 
due and payable thereon in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, 
however, that the Issuer shall not be liable to pay any such additional amounts in respect of 
any Note to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some 
connection with France other than the mere holding of such Note. 
Any references in these Conditions to principal and/or interest shall be deemed also to refer to any 
additional amounts which may be payable under the provisions of this Condition 8. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 11), upon written notice of any 
Noteholder, will, upon written notice to the Issuer and to the Fiscal Agent by mail with 
acknowledgement of receipt, cause all the Notes (but not some only) held by such Noteholder to 
become immediately due and payable, at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest 
accrued since the last Interest Payment Date (or, if applicable, since the relevant Issue Date) 
preceding the early redemption date and until the date of effective redemption, if any of the 
following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, unless such Events of Default have been 
cured by the Issuer prior to the receipt of such notice: 
(a) 
if any amount of principal or interest on any Note (including any amount payable pursuant 
to Condition 8) is not paid by the Issuer on the due date thereof and such default is not 
remedied by the Issuer within a period of fifteen (15) days from the due date of such default; 
or

--- Page 92 ---
92 
      
(b) 
if the Issuer defaults in the due performance of any other material obligation in respect of 
the Notes and such default continues for a period of thirty (30) days following receipt by 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of a written notice of such default; or 
(c) 
(i) in the event that any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer in an amount 
exceeding one hundred and fifty million euros (€150,000,000) is declared due and payable 
by reason of a default by the Issuer under the terms of such borrowing, or (ii) in the event 
that measures are taken with respect to the security guaranteeing any indebtedness for 
borrowed money of the Issuer in an amount exceeding one hundred and fifty million euros 
(€150,000,000) (or on expiry of any grace period that is initially applicable), or (iii) in the 
event that the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under any guarantee for any 
indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer in an amount exceeding one hundred and 
fifty million euros (€150,000,000), unless the Issuer contests in good faith such payment 
or the validity of the enforcement of the guarantee and such claim has been brought to the 
competent jurisdictions, in which case the relevant payment default shall not constitute an 
event of default so long as the proceedings have not resulted in a definitive decision; or  
(d) 
if the Issuer is wound up or dissolved or merges into another entity, unless such entity shall 
be the transferee of or successor and assumes all of the obligations of the Issuer with respect 
to the Notes.  
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within five (5) years from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of 
their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce 
with the exception of Articles L.228-71, L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° (only with respect to a merger or demerger with 
or into another entity of the Group) and 4°, R.228-63 and R.228-69, subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the “Collective 
Decisions”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights 
that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of 
these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative  
shall be MASSQUOTE S.A.S. registered under number 529 065 880 RCS Nanterre, whose

--- Page 93 ---
93 
      
registered office is located at 33 rue Anna Jacquin, 92100 Boulogne Billancourt, France, 
represented by its Chairman. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by 
consent following a written consultation (the “Written Resolution”) (as further described in 
Condition 11(iv)(b) below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions and decisions relating to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the French 
Code de commerce must be published in accordance with Condition 13(e). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
 
(a) General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth 
(1/30) of the principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding, may address to 
the Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General 
Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the

--- Page 94 ---
94 
      
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal 
amount of the relevant Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-
third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meetings or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13(e) not less than fifteen (15) calendar 
days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than 
five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy or by correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at 
any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen 
(15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence 
of a Representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present 
or represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the 
provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a 
provisional chairman until a new Representative has been appointed. 
(b) Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall 
be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic 
Consent”). 
Written Resolution shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits 
referred to in Condition 11(iv)(a) above. Any Written Resolution shall, for all 
purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders holding together at least 
75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
      
 
(c)  Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° and 4° of the French Code de 
commerce, respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of 
the Noteholders (i) of any proposal to change in corporate purpose or form of the 
Issuer, (ii) of any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to 
in Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce (only to the 
extent that such proposal relates to a merger or demerger with or into another entity 
of the Group) or (iii) of any proposal to issue bonds benefiting from a security 
interest (sûreté réelle) which does not benefit to the Masse shall not apply to the 
Notes. 
 
(v) 
Expenses 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated 
that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(vi) 
Single Masse 
 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 12, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse.  
(vii) 
Sole Noteholder 
 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provision of the French Code de 
commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes 
of such Series. 
(viii) Notice to the Noteholders 
 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 13(e) below. 
(ix) 
Outstanding Notes 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those 
Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with French laws and regulations that are held by 
it and not cancelled. 
12 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create 
and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single Series with the Notes 
provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all 
respects save for Issue Date, Issue Price, the first payment of interest and the aggregate nominal

--- Page 96 ---
96 
      
amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) 
of the Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment 
Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar 
days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued 
by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided 
such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes. 
13 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are 
mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the 
option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or 
(z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (b) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (x) in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is located or (y) on the website of any other Regulated Market where the Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published, (i) so long as 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (ii) so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market 
so require, (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located or (b) on the website of 
any other Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.  
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 13 (a) and 
(b) above; except that notices will be published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the AMF, and (b) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) so require, on the website of 
any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) 
as otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
      
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the Collective 
Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French 
Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared 
and, if such publication is not practicable in respect of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by 
mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have 
been given notice on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing.  
14 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French 
law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before any 
competent court in the jurisdiction of the Cour d'appel de Paris.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
      
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be applied by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes or as otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue 
of Notes for which there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above).  
 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds 
for acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Final Terms will also state the potential use for general financing requirements if the Acquisition 
Event occurs but the Issuer elects not to use the Acquisition Event Call Option.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
      
DESCRIPTION OF AEROPORTS DE PARIS 
 
For a general description of the Issuer and the Group, please refer to the sections of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document, the Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report 
referred to in the cross-reference table appearing in section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above. 
  
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer is 1, rue de France, 93290 Tremblay-
en-France, France.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
      
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Pierre Cunéo was appointed as non independent director proposed by the French State (administrateur non 
independent proposé par l'Etat) at the Issuer's combined general meeting on 17 May 2022. 
Information required by item 9.1 of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation:  
(i) Name: Pierre Cunéo. 
(ii) Function within the Issuer: non independent director proposed by the French State (administrateur non 
independent proposé par l'Etat). 
(iii) Principal activities outside of the Issuer: Inspector of Finance.  
 
Cécile de Guillebon was appointed as non independent director proposed by the French State (administrateur non 
independent proposé par l'Etat) at the Issuer's combined general meeting on 17 May 2022. 
Information required by item 9.1 of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation:  
(i) Name: Cécile de Guillebon. 
(ii) Function within the Issuer: non independent director proposed by the French State (administrateur non 
independent proposé par l'Etat). 
(iii) Principal activities outside of the Issuer: Chairman of ESSERTO, director of AB Sciences, director of Foncière 
Inéa and director of Groupe SLI.  
 
Sylvie Metayer was appointed as independent director (administrateur indépendant) at the Issuer's combined general 
meeting on 17 May 2022. 
Information required by item 9.1 of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation:  
(i) Name: Sylvie Metayer. 
(ii) Function within the Issuer: independent director (administrateur indépendant). 
(iii) Principal activities outside of the Issuer: director of Groupe Keolis S.A.S, director of Groupe Page Plc.  
 
Information required by item 9.2 of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation: 
 
Potential conflict of interests: to the ADP’s knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties 
of the members of the Board of Directors to ADP and their private interests or other duties. In addition, the directors 
representing the French State may have potential conflicts of interest in ADP's relationship with the State or the 
companies or public entities in which they participate. In addition to the provisions of the French Commercial Code 
applicable to related-party agreements, the internal regulations of the Board of Directors specify the rules for 
preventing the risk of conflicts of interest of the members of the Board of Directors with ADP or any company in its 
group and the rules governing the transmission of sensitive data to Board members. 
 
***

--- Page 101 ---
101 
      
On 27 October 2022, the Issuer published to following press release: 
"FINANCIAL RELEASE AS OF 30 SEPTEMBER 20225 
27th October 2022 – 7:30 am (CET) 
Aéroports de Paris SA 
Revenue for the first 9 months of 2022: sustained growth, driven by a 
strong traffic dynamic and the rebound of retails activities 
Consolidated revenue at €3,384M for the first 9 months, up 81.1% compared to the first 9 months 
of 2021 (+74.2% excluding the integration of Almaty airport since May 2021): 
 
Growth in the Aviation and International & airport developments segments continue to be 
driven by the increase in traffic in Paris and abroad 
 
The Retail and services segment registered solid growth, benefiting from an Airside Sales per 
Passenger of 26.1 euros during the first 9 months of the year 
 
Real estate segment's growth is driven by the additional rents collected for buildings taken 
over in full ownership in 2021 
 
Adjustments of 2022 traffic forecasts and further improvements of financial guidance for 20226 : 
 
Groupe ADP expects a traffic recovery rate compared to 2019 in the upper part of the target 
ranges raised last July: 77% to 83% for the group and 78% to 82% for Paris Aéroport 
 
EBITDA margin 2022 is now expected to be in the upper part of the target range raised last 
July, i.e. above 34.5% of 2022 revenue 
 
Group's financial discipline led to a reduction in capital expenditure, now estimated to be 
between €500 million and €550 million for ADP SA (vs. €550m to €600 million previously) 
 
Debt ratio is expected to be down, between 5.0 and 5.5 times EBITDA 20227. 
 
All other objectives of the Pioneers 2025 Roadmap are maintained6 
CONSOLIDATED REVENUE – KEY FIGURES 
 
9M 2022 
9M 20218 
Change 2022/2021 
Revenue9 
€3,384M 
€1,868M 
+€1,516M 
+81.1% 
of which Aviation 
€1,224M 
€687M 
+€537M 
+78.1% 
of which Retail and services 
€1,020M 
€534M 
+€486M 
+91.0% 
of which Real estate 
€225M 
€210M 
+€14M 
+6.7% 
of which International and airport developments 
€978M 
€488M 
+€489M 
+100.2% 
 
                                                          
 
5 This document is voluntarily made by Aéroports de Paris. See article 10 of the AMF recommendation - Guide de l'information périodique 
des sociétés cotées (DOC-2016-05, modified on April 29, 2021)). 
6 See "Traffic assumptions, forecasts and objectives for 2022 – 2025" on pages 10 and 11 of this release. 
7 Excluding the unwinding of the cross-shareholdings with Royal Schiphol Group (RSG), which may occur at any time, in one or several 
occasions, but no later than the end of May 2023 – see release of 16 February 2022, regarding the unwinding process of the cross-
shareholdings with RSG. 
8 The accounts of the Almaty airport management company have been included in the consolidated accounts of TAV Airports from May 
2021 (See section 5.1.6 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document regarding the acquisition of the Almaty airport management 
company). 
9 Before inter-sector eliminations, see page 2 of this financial release for the details pf the consolidated revenue.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9M 2022 
9M 2021 
Change 2022/2021 
9M 2019 
Change 2022/2019 
CA / Pax Extime Paris10 
€26.1 
€24.7 
+€1.4 
+5.7% 
€22.7 
+€3.4 
+15.0% 
 
Augustin de Romanet, Chairman and CEO, stated: 
"Revenue for the first nine months of 2022 stood at 3,384 million euros, up 81.1% compared to the 
same period in 2021. It is driven by the recovery of traffic passengers, specifically in Paris and in 
TAV Airports, where it reached respectively 77.2% and 78.9% of the traffic for the first nine months 
2019. Due to this dynamic and the integration of Almaty airport since May 2021, the International 
segment saw its revenue double compared to the same period in 2021, to reach 978 million 
euros. In Paris, the Extime Sales per passenger known a strong rebound in the third quarter and 
reached, for the first nine months of 2022, 26.1 euros. The indicator is up by +3.4 euros (+15.0%) 
compared to the first nine months of 2019 and exceeding by 1.4 euros (+5.7%) the level of the 
same period in 2021. The passengers' traffic and the results recorded since the beginning of the 
year allow us, for the second time this year, to improve our forecasts and financial guidance for 
2022.11 The traffic recovery rate is expected to be in the upper part of the target ranges raised 
last July, reaching 77% to 83% of the 2019 traffic for the Groupe ADP scope and 78% to 82% of 
the 2019 traffic for Paris Aéroport scope. 2022 EBITDA margin is also expected to be at the top 
end of the target range raised last July, above 34.5% of revenues. Finally, the group's solid cash 
generation and disciplined investment policy lead us to expect an improvement in the debt ratio 
to a level between 5.0 and 5.5 times EBITDA12. Once again, I would like to thank all of Groupe 
ADP teams who have been fully engaged to welcoming passengers and serving the interests of 
all our stakeholders. This winter, Groupe ADP will take all its part in efforts of energy sobriety, while 
continuing its decarbonization action in the medium and long term. It will continue to roll out its 
2025 Pioneers strategic roadmap across its activities" 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, changes are expressed by comparison between data 
for the first 9 months of 2022 and data for the first 9 months of 2021.  
Furthermore, the mention "30 September" means for the first 9 months of the 
considered year. 
Consolidated revenue by segment – First 9 months of 2022 
 
9M 2022 
9M 202113 
 Change 2022/2021 
Revenue 
€3,384M 
€1,868M 
+€1,516M 
+81.1% 
Aviation 
€1,224M 
€687M 
+€537M 
+78.1% 
                                                          
 
10 Sales per passenger for activities in the restricted area: stores, bars & restaurants, currency exchange & tax-free offices, commercial 
lounges, VIP reception, advertising and other paid services in the restricted area. 
 
11 See "Traffic assumptions, forecasts and objectives for 2022 – 2025" on pages 10 and 11 of this release. 
12 Excluding the unwinding of the cross-shareholdings with Royal Schiphol Group (RSG), which may occur at any time, but no later than 
the end of May 2023 – see release of 16 February 2022, regarding the unwinding process of the cross-shareholdings with RSG. 
13 The accounts of the Almaty airport management company have been included in the consolidated accounts of TAV Airports from May 
2021 (See section 5.1.6 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document regarding the acquisition of the Almaty airport management 
company). 
 
OPERATIONAL INDICATORS 
 
 
 
 
 
9M 2022 
In % of 2019 
Change 2022/2021 
Groupe ADP traffic 
204.7 Mpax 
76.6% 
+98.3 MPax 
+92.4% 
Paris Aéroport traffic 
63.8 Mpax 
77.2% 
+37.5 MPax 
+142.6%

--- Page 103 ---
103 
      
Retail and services 
€1,020M 
€534M 
+€486M 
+91.0% 
of which Société de Distribution 
Aéroportuaire 
€438M 
€186M 
+€252M 
+135.2% 
of which Relay@ADP 
€70M 
€21M 
+€48M 
+226.3% 
Real estate 
€225M 
€210M 
+€14M 
+6.7% 
International and airport developments 
€978M 
€488M 
+€489M 
+100.2% 
of which TAV Airports 
€750M 
€353M 
+€397M 
+112.6% 
of which AIG 
€191M 
€106M 
+€86M 
+81.3% 
Other activities 
€122M 
€122M 
- 
- 
Inter-sector eliminations 
(€184M) 
(€174M) 
-€10M 
+6.0% 
 
Comments on group actuality 
Traffic evolution 
Groupe ADP14 total traffic is up +92.4% compared to the first 9 months of 2021, to 204.7 million passengers, standing 
at 76.6% of the group traffic over the same period in 2019. 
Traffic in Paris Aéroport is up +142.6% compared to the first 9 months of 2021, to 63.8 million passengers, at 77.2% 
of the traffic over the same period in 2019. Moreover, aircraft movements at Paris Aéroport are up by +80.3% 
compared to the first 9 months of 2021. 
In the context created by Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the international sanctions imposed on Russia, the group 
is monitoring the situation to assess its short, medium and long-term consequences. In 2019, traffic with Ukraine 
and Russia amounted to 1.4% of Paris Aéroport's total traffic, as well as to 17.1%15 of TAV Airports' total traffic, at 
27.9%2 of TAV Airports' international traffic. 
In the first 9 months of 2022, traffic at TAV Airports' Turkish airports is up +44.4% compared to 2021, representing 
78.9% of the same period in 2019 traffic levels. Although traffic with Russia and Ukraine account for 49.1% and 2.4% 
of their respective levels in the same period in 2019, totaling 4.6 million passengers, the recovery at TAV Airports' 
Turkish airports is supported by other routes, notably traffic with the United Kingdom and Germany, which stand at 
143.7% and 109.7% of their 2019 levels, totaling 10.2 million passengers. 
In addition, at Almaty, in Kazakhstan, traffic is up +17.2% compared to the first 9 months of the year, at 5.2 million 
passengers, or 108.5% of the traffic level in the same period in 2019. The recovery is also supported by an increase 
of the number of cargo flights served, resulting from the Russian airspace overflight ban. 
2023 tariff approval process 
As part of the airports fees tariff approval procedure, Aéroports de Paris notified on 14 October 2022 to the French 
Transports Regulation Autority (ART), the tariffs set for the 2023 tariffs period (from April 1st 2023 to March 31 2024). 
It is reminded that, without an Economic Regulation Agreement, tariffs are subject to the respect of two caps: 
- 
The limitation, for airport public service activities (aeronautical till), of the revenue to the level of the costs 
incurred for the services provided; 
- 
The fair return on capital employed (ROCE) of the regulated scope of Aéroport de Paris, against the 
weighted average cost of capital (WACC) of the same scope. 
Besides, the tariffs evolution compared to the tariffs currently in force must be moderate. 
                                                          
 
14 Group traffic is accounted for on a like-for-like basis, restated for the following changes: consideration of airport traffic of Delhi, 
Hyderbad, Mactan Cebu and Almaty airports, and non consideration of airport traffic of Mauritius airport due to the expiry of the 
technical assistance contract (TSA) on December 31, 2021. 
15 Including Almaty and Zagreb airports.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
      
As of 31 December 2021, the regulate ROCE stood at -3.47% against -8.1% as of 31 December 2020. The operating 
income for the regulated scope for 2021 was of -204 million euros, before tax. The sum of the regulated asset base 
and the working capital requirement was 5,870 million euros. 
Due to the recovery of traffic, combined with the group's good control of income operating expenses, and in the 
absence of major investments impacting the regulated asset base, the remuneration on capital employed of the 
regulated scope is likely to rise in the coming years.  
Taking into account all of these elements, the tariffs notified on 14 October 2022 to the Transports Regulatory 
Authority result, for the Paris-Charles de Gaulle and Paris-Orly platforms, in a non homogeneous evolution 
equivalent, on average, to a tariff freeze compared to the tariffs currently in force and, for Paris-Le Bourget, an 
average increase of +2.5%. 
 
Commissioning of the Caveirac solar farm as part of the energy purchasing policy of 
Aéroports de Paris 
Fully engaged to reduce its CO2 emissions, ADP Group has included in its 2025 Pioneers Roadmap (see press 
release of 16 February 2022) the improvement of energy efficiency, the reduction and control of energy 
consumption and the development of renewable energy. 
The corporate Power Purchase agreement (PPA)16 signed in 2020 by Aéroports de Paris (see press release of 5 
February 2020) has allowed the selected developer (Urbasolar) to continue the development of the 3 solar 
photovoltaic parks dedicated to Aéroports de Paris. The Caveirac solar park (Gard department, France) was 
commissioned on 27 September. The two other parks, located in the Var and Charente departments in France, 
should be commissioned from 2023. 
These 3 parks will produce about 45 GWh/year, covering 10% of electricity consumption of the pre-covid Parisian 
platforms. ADP Group is committed to purchase all the electricity produced by these parks for 21 years, which 
contributes to the control of electricity purchase costs. 
This electricity supply is part of Aéroport de Paris' policy of controlling energy costs, under which the company has 
contractually secured, from 2020, the purchase price of its electricity and gas consumption until December 2023. 
Aéroports de Paris is currently preparing the new energy purchasing policy to be implemented to cover the needs 
from 2024 and beyond. This policy is being built in a context where the exogeneous pursuit of rising enery prices 
or their stagnation in 2023 could have a negative impact on Groupe's operating expenses beyond 202317. It is 
reminded that purchases of electricity and gas & other fuels stood at 51.4 million euro in 2021, or 2.4% of the group 
current operating expenses (2,182.3 million euro in 2021); in the first half of 2022, they represented 2.2% of the 
Group's current operating expenses (1,367.4 million euro in the first half of 2022) 
Finally, in line with the energy conservation plan presented by the French government on 6 October, Groupe 
ADP has committed to contributing to the national effort, while continuing its decarbonization action over the 
medium and long term. 
 
Revenue evolution by segment 
Aviation – Parisian platforms 
(in millions of euros) 
9M 2022 
9M 2021 
Change 2022/2021 
Revenue 
1,224 
687 
+€537M  
+78.1% 
Airport fees 
734 
341 
+€393M  
+115.4% 
Passenger fees 
448 
167  
+€281M  
+167.7% 
Landing fees 
172 
99  
+€72M  
+72.9% 
Parking fees 
114 
74  
+€40M  
+54.4% 
                                                          
 
16 Direct supply contract with a renewable energy producer. 
17 See page 9 of this release " raffic assumptions, forecasts and targets 2022-2025".

--- Page 105 ---
105 
      
Ancillary fees 
149 
67  
+€82 M  
+121.1% 
Revenue from airport safety and security 
i
316 
255  
+€61M  
+24.0% 
Other income 
24 
24  
-  
- 
As of 30 September 2022, aviation segment revenue, which relates solely to the airport activities carried out 
by Aéroports de Paris as operator of the Parisian platforms, was up +78.1% to 1,224 million euros. Revenues linked 
to the airport security being determined by costs, partially fixed, incurred for these activities, revenues increase in 
a lesser proportion than passenger's traffic. 
Revenue from airport fees (passenger fees, landing fees and aircraft parking fees) increased by 115.4%, to 734 
million euros. This evolution is due to:  
 
the increase of +167.7% of revenues from passenger fees, in line with the increase in passenger traffic 
(+142.6%);  
 
the increase of +72.9% of revenues from landing fees, in line with the increase in aircraft movements 
(+80.3%);  
 
the increase of +54.4% of revenues from parking fees. 
Revenue from ancillary fees was up +121.1%, to 149 million euros, in line with the increase in passenger traffic. 
Revenue from activities airport safety and security services was up +24.0%, to 316 million euros.  
Other income, mostly consisting in re-invoicing the French Air Navigation Services Division, leasing associated with 
the use of terminals and other work services made for third parties were stable at 24 million euros. 
Retail and services – Parisian platforms 
(in millions of euros) 
9M 2022 
9M 2021 
Change 2022/2021 
Revenue 
1,020 
534  
+€486M  
+91.0% 
Retail activities 
643 
258  
+€385M  
 +148.9% 
Société de Distribution Aéroportuaire 
438 
186  
+€252M  
+135.2% 
Relay@ADP 
70 
21  
+€48M  
+226.3% 
Other Shops and Bars and restaurants 
54 
21  
+€33M  
+154.9% 
Advertising 
23 
11  
+€12M  
+107.6% 
Other products 
57 
18  
+€39M  
+217.8% 
Car parks and access roads 
110 
60  
+€50M  
+82.9% 
Industrial services revenue 
114 
95  
+€19M  
+20.1% 
Rental income 
104 
90  
+€14M  
+15.6% 
Other income 
49 
31  
+€18M  
+59.9% 
As of 30 September 2022, revenue from the segment Retail and services, which includes only Parisian activities, 
was up +91.0%, to 1,020 million euros. 
Revenue from retail activities consists in revenues received from airside and landside shops, bars and restaurants, 
banking and foreign exchange activities, and car rental companies, as well as revenue from advertising. 
As 
of 
30 
September 
2022, 
revenue 
from 
retail 
activities 
was 
up 
+48.9%, 
to 643 million 
euros, 
including Société de Distribution 
Aéroportuaire, 
up 
+135.2%, 
to 
438 
million 
euros 
and 
Relay@ADP, 
up +226.3%, to 70 million euros due to the increase of attendance and the number of points of sale opened 
compared to the same period in 2021.  
Revenue from car parks was up +82.9%, to 110 million euros. 
Revenue from industrial services (supply of electricity and water) was up +20.1%, to 114 million euros. 
Rental revenues (leasing of spaces within terminals) were up +15.6%, to 104 million euros. 
Other revenues (primarily constituted of internal services) were up +59.9%, to 49 million euros

--- Page 106 ---
106 
      
Real Estate - Parisian platforms 
 
(in millions of euros) 
9M 2022 
9M 2021 
Change 2022/2021 
Revenue 
225 
210 
+€14M 
+6.7% 
External revenue 
190 
173 
+€16M 
+9.5% 
Land 
91 
83 
+€8M 
+9.6% 
Buildings 
64 
56 
+€8M 
+13.8% 
Others 
35 
34 
+€1M 
+2.1% 
Internal revenue 
35 
37 
(€2M) 
(6.3%) 
As of 30 September 2022, real estate revenue, which includes only Parisian activities, is up +6.7%, to 225 million 
euros. 
External revenue stood at 190 million euros. It is up by +9.5% due to the takeover of full ownership of buildings on 
the Parisian platforms in 2021, as well as to a scope effect regarding some cargo areas. 
 
International and airport developments 
(in millions of euros) 
9M 2022 
9M 202118 
Change 2022/2021 
Revenue 
978 
488  
 +€489M  
+100.2% 
ADP International 
215 
130  
 +€85M  
+65.7% 
 
of which AIG 
191 
106  
 +€86M  
+81.3% 
 
of which ADP Ingénierie 
17 
18  
(€1M) 
(5.2%) 
TAV Airports 
750 
353  
+€397M  
+112.6% 
Société de Distribution Aéroportuaire Croatie 
11 
5  
+€6M  
+143.6% 
As of 30 September 2022, revenue from International and airport developments stood at 978 million euros, up 
+100.2% compared to the first 9 months of 2021, mainly due to the increase in revenue for TAV Airports and AIG. 
AIG's revenue was up +81.3%, to 191 million euros, driven by the basis effect of the traffic increase by 89.6% 
recorded in Amman on all revenues, especially the revenue from aeronautical and fees, up +68 million euros. 
TAV Airports' revenue was up +112.6%, to 750 million euros. It integrates, as of 1 May 2021, the revenue of Almaty 
airport in Kazakhstan, for 229 million euros in the first 9 months of 2022. Excluding the integration of Almaty, the 
revenue of TAV Airports would be up +76.0%, to520 million euros, due to: 
 
the traffic recovery in the airports managed by TAV Airports, notably in Georgia19, for 31 million euros, 
Izmir for 26 million euros and Bodrum for 14 million euros; 
 
the good performance from TAV Airports' service companies: 
o 
 HAVAS (company specialized in ground handling), for 42 million euros, due to the increase in 
the number of flights served;  
o 
BTA (company specialized in bars and restaurants), for 39 million euros, due to the increase of 
attendance in airports in which it operates; 
o 
TAV IT for 27 million due to the realization of new projects. 
                                                          
 
18The accounts of the Almaty airport management company have been included in the consolidated accounts of TAV Airports as of May 
2021 (On the acquisition of the Almaty airport management company, see section 5.1.6 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document).  
19 TAV Tbilisi and Batumi Airport LLC.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
      
Other activities 
(in millions of euros)  
9M 2022 
9M 2021 
Change 2022/2021 
Products 
122 
122 
- 
- 
of which Hub One 
116 
114 
+€2M 
+1.4% 
 
As of 30 September 2022, other activities segment products are stable at 122 million euros.  
The revenue of Hub One is up by 1.4%, to 116 million euros. 
 
Main highlights since the publication of the 2022 Half-year results, 
on 28 July 2022 
 
Change in passenger traffic over the nine months 2022 
 
Situation of the group's airports: 
 
Status as of 30 September 2022 
Traffic 
(Mpax) 
Change 9M 
2022/202120 
(in %) 
Level 
compared to 
201921 
Paris Aéroport 
(CDG+ORY) 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
Paris-CDG: Terminal 1 closed since 30/03/2020, 
63.8 
+142.6% 
77.2% 
Zagreb 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
2.3 
+162.3% 
87.7% 
Jeddah-Hajj 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
1.1 
+100.0% 
19.1 % 
Amman 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
5.8 
+89.6% 
84.4% 
Conakry 
Open to international commercial flights. 
0.5 
+40.5% 
105.8% 
Santiago de 
Chile 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
13.4 
+124.4% 
71.6% 
Madagascar 
Antananarivo and Nosy Be: Open to domestic and 
international commercial flights. 
0.5 
+533.7% 
94.8% 
New Delhi – 
GMR Airports 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
42.2 
+80.5% 
84.6% 
Hyderabad – 
GMR Airports 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
13.6 
+78.2% 
83.4% 
Cebu – 
GMR Airports 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights, 
traffic restrictions. 
3.7 
+384.4% 
38.7% 
Almaty – 
TAV Airports 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
5.2 
+17.2% 
108.5% 
Antalya – 
TAV Airports 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
24.8 
+52.7% 
84.7% 
Ankara – 
TAV Airports 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
6.4 
+27.3% 
60.2% 
                                                          
 
20 Group traffic includes the traffic of Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL), Hyderabad International Airport Limited (GHIAL), Mactan-
Cebu International Airport and Almaty International Airport traffic as of January 1st, 2019. Due to the expiry on December 31st, 2021, of 
the technical assistance contract (TSA) relating to Mauritius airport, group traffic of Mauritius airport is no longer included. 
21 Turkey (Milas-Bodrum & Gazipaşa), Croatia (Zagreb), Saudi Arabia (Medinah), Tunisia (Monastir & Enfidha), Georgia (Tbilisi & Batumi), 
and North Macedonia (Skopje & Ohrid).

--- Page 108 ---
108 
      
Izmir – 
TAV Airports 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights. 
7.6 
+39.5% 
79.7% 
Other platforms 
– 
TAV Airports(2) 
Open to domestic and international commercial flights, 
local restrictions may apply depending of the platforms 
2.0 
+344.8% 
28.7% 
GROUP TOTAL 
- 
204.7 
+92.4% 
76.6% 
 
Group Traffic: 
 
 
9M 2022 
Passenger Traffic 
Change 
9M 2022/9M 2021 
Level compared 
to 9M 2019 
Paris Aéroport 
63.8 
142.6% 
77.2% 
Paris-Charles de Gaulle 
42.2 
162% 
72.8% 
Paris-Orly 
21.6 
111.9% 
87.6% 
TAV Airports 
60.2 
54.9% 
78.9% 
GMR Airports 
59.5 
87.2% 
78.6% 
Amman 
5.8 
89.6% 
84.4% 
Santiago de Chile 
13.4 
124.4% 
71.6% 
Others airports(22) 
2.0 
344.8% 
28.7% 
Groupe ADP(23) 
204.7 
92.4% 
76.6% 
 
Geographic split Paris Aéroport: 
 
Segment 
9M 2022 
Passenger Traffic 
 
Change 
9M 2022/9M 2021 
(in passengers) 
Share in total 
traffic over 9M 
2022 
Level compared 
to 9M 2019 
France  
9,371,670 
+3,673,684 
14.7% 
76.4% 
Europe 
29,163,967 
+18,217,140 
45.7% 
80.1% 
Other International 
25,290,897 
+15,624,495 
39.6% 
74.3% 
of which 
 
 
 
 
 Africa 
7,911,376 
+4,228,132 
12.4% 
85.5% 
 North America 
7,192,112 
+5,344,999 
11.3% 
79.0% 
 Latin America 
1,876,794 
+1,294,346 
2.9% 
73.5% 
 Middle East 
3,344,897 
+2,195,020 
5.2% 
78.6% 
 Asia-Pacific 
1,475,271 
+1,056,916 
2.3% 
28.0% 
 French Overseas Territories 
3,490,447 
+1,505,082 
5.5% 
97.2% 
Total Paris Aéroport 
63,826,534 
+37,515,319 
100% 
77.2% 
 
 
 
 
                                                          
 
22 Includes traffic from the following airports: Jeddah-Hajj (JED), Antananarivo (TNR), Nosy Be (NOS), and Conakry (CKY).  
23 Group traffic includes the traffic of Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL), Hyderabad International Airport Limited (GHIAL), Mactan-
Cebu International Airport and Almaty International Airport traffic as of January 1st, 2019. Following the non-renewal on December 
31st, 2021, of the technical assistance contract (TSA) relating to Mauritius airport, group traffic no longer includes traffic of Mauritius 
airport.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
      
Traffic assumptions, forecasts and targets 2022-2025 
As part of the 2025 Pioneers strategic roadmap communicated on 16 February 2022, Groupe ADP has set 
out targets up to 2025. These targets have been built on the assumptions of no new restrictions or airport 
closures linked to the health crisis, of a stability of the economic model in Paris and of an absence of 
abnormally high volatility in terms of exchange rates and inflation rates. They have also been built on the 
basis of the consolidation scope at the end of 2021, with no assumption of changes up to 2025. 
Considering the volume of traffic recorded in the first half of the year, the group revised in the financial 
release of 18 July 2022, its assumptions for 2022 as follows: 
 
Groupe ADP: traffic between 74 and 84% of the 2019 level (compared to 70 to 80% of 2019 in the 
release of 16 February 2022); 
 
Paris Aéroport: traffic between 72 and 82% of the 2019 level (compared to 65 to 75% of 2019 in the 
release of 16 February 2022). 
On this basis, in light of the results for the fisrt half of 2022 and while considering the evolution of macro-
economic indicators (foreign exchange rate, inflation, energy prices), the group updated on 27 July 2022 
(see press release of the same day) some of its forecasts for 2022 and 2023, as follows: 
 
EBITDA margin target range raised by 2 points for 2022 and 2023, i.e. 32% to 37% of revenue 
(compared to 30 to 35% in the release of 16 February 2022); 
 
debt ratio target lowered to 5.5 to 6.5 times the EBITDA for the year 2022 (compared to 6 to 7 times 
the EBITDA in the release of 16 February 2022). 
 
 
 
 
It is specified that any further changes to the assumptions on which the group's targets are based could 
have an impact on the volume of traffic and the 2025 Pioneers financial indicators 
2022 Forecasts 
 
2022 Forecasts  
as established  
on 16 February 202224 
2022 Forecasts 
as of 27 July 202225 
2022 Forecast as of today 
Group traffic26 
In% of 2019 traffic 
70% - 80% 
74% - 84% 
77% - 83% 
Traffic at Paris Aéroport 
In% of 2019 traffic 
65% - 75% 
72% - 82% 
78% - 82% 
Group EBITDA margin  
In % of revenues 
30% - 35% 
32% - 37% 
> 34.5% 
Net income, attributable to the 
Group 
in millions of euros 
Positive 
Positive 
Positive 
Group investments  
(ADP SA and subsidiaries)27 
(excl. financial investments) 
1 billion euros 
per year on average 
between 2022 and 2025 
1 billion euros 
per year on average 
between 2022 and 
2025 
1 billion euros 
per year on average 
between 2022 and 2025 
                                                          
 
24 See release of annual results2021, publsihed the 16 February 2022. 
25 See the half-year results 2022, published the 27 July 2022. 
26 The group's traffic includes the traffic of Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL), Hyderabad International Airport Limited (GHIAL), 
Mactan Cebu International Airport and Almaty International Airport from 1 January 2019. Following the non-renewal of the technical 
assistance contract (TSA) for Mauritius airport on 31 December 2021, the group's traffic no longer includes the traffic of Mauritius airport. 
27 In constants euros. 
Based on the passengers' traffic and the results recorded during the first 9 months of 2022, as well as the 
evolution of the macreconomic context (foreign exchanges rates, inflation, energy prices), Groupe ADP 
improves again its traffic and financial forecasts for 2022, as marked in green in the table below. All other 
2022-2025 targets are maintained. The traffic assumptions and targets for 2023 - 2025 are reminded on 
page 11.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
      
ADP SA investments27 
(excl. financial investments, 
regulated, non-regulated) 
€550M – €600M 
€550M – €600M 
€500M – €550M 
Net Financial  
Debt/ EBITDA Ratio28 
6.0x – 7.0x 
5.5x – 6.5x 
5.0x - 5.5x 
Dividend policy 
In % of NRAG 
60% payout ratio 
Floor at €1/share 
(for distribution in 2023) 
60% payout ratio 
Floor at €1/share 
(for distribution in 
2023) 
60% payout ratio 
Floor at €1/share 
(for distribution in 2023) 
 
Traffic assumptions, forecasts and targets 2023-2025 
 
 
2023 
2024 
2025 
Group traffic29 
In% of 2019 traffic 
Return to the 2019 traffic level between 2023 and 
2024 
- 
Traffic at Paris Aéroport 
In% of 2019 traffic 
85% -95% 
90% -100% 
95% -105% 
Return to the 2019 traffic level between 2024 and 2026, More than 100% as of 
2026 
Extime Sales / Pax in Paris30 
in euros 
- 
- 
€27.5 
ADP SA operating expenses 
per passenger, in € 
- 
€16 -€18 / pax 
Group EBITDA growth 
Compared to 2019 
- 
Return to the 2019 level, 
EBITDA above or equal to 
€1,772M 
- 
Group EBITDA margin  
In % of revenues 
Between 32% and 37% 
Between 35% and 40% 
Net income, attributable to the 
Group 
in millions of euros 
Positive 
Group investments31 
(excl. financial investments) 
1 billion euros per year on average between 2022 and 2025 at Group level  
ADP SA investments31 
(excl. financial investments, 
regulated, non-regulated) 
€750M – €800M 
€650M – €750M 
€800M – €900M 
Net Financial  
Debt/ EBITDA Ratio 
- 
- 
4.5x – 5x 
Dividend policy 
due for the year N-1 
In % of NRAG 
60% pay out ratio 
Min. €1 per share 
60% pay out ratio 
Minimum €3 per share 
 
 
 
                                                          
 
28 Excluding the unwinding of the cross-shareholdings with Royal Schiphol Group – see release of 16 February 2022 
29 Group traffic includes the traffic of Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL), Hyderabad International Airport Limited (GHIAL), Mactan-
Cebu International Airport and Almaty International Airport traffic as of January 1st, 2019. Following the non-renewal on December 31st, 
2021, of the technical assistance contract (TSA) relating to Mauritius airport, group traffic no longer includes traffic of Mauritius airport. 
30 Extime Sales/Pax: Sales per passenger in the airside activities: shops, bars & restaurants, foreign exchange & tax refund counters, 
commercial lounges, VIP reception, advertising, and other paid services in the airside area. 
31 In constant euros

--- Page 111 ---
111 
      
Agenda 
An analyst conference will be held today at 08:30 am (Paris time). This conference will be webcasted live on the 
links below and on the Groupe ADP website: finance.groupeadp.fr 
 
Live audiocast available on our website : Webcast in English 
 
Live by phone 
o 
From France: + 33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66  
o 
From the United States: +1 212 999 6659  
o 
From other countries: +44 (0) 330 551 0200 
o 
Password: ADP 
 
Next traffic figures publication: 
 
Thursday 17 November 2022 : Traffic of October 2022 
Next results publication: 
 
Thursday 16 February 2023 : 2022 Full-year results 
 
Disclaimer 
This presentation does not constitute an offer to purchase financial securities within the United States or in any 
other country. 
Forward-looking disclosures (including, if so, forecasts and objectives) are included in this press release. These 
forward-looking disclosures are based on data, assumptions and estimates deemed reasonable at the diffusion 
date of the present document but could be unprecise and are, either way, subject to risks. There are uncertainties 
about the realization of predicted events and the achievements of forecasted results. Detailed information about 
these potential risks and uncertainties that might trigger differences between considered results and obtained 
results are available in the registration document filed with the French financial markets authority on 14 April 2022 
under D.22-0299, retrievable online on the AMF website www.amf-france.org or Aéroports de Paris website 
www.parisaeroports.fr. 
Aéroports de Paris does not commit and shall not update forecasted information contained in the document to 
reflect facts and posterior circumstances to the presentation date.  
 
 
Definitions 
 
The definition and the calcul of Alternative Performance Measures (AMP) as well as the group segmentation 
presented in the release are fully published in the universal registration document. It is available on the website of 
the Groupe: https://www.parisaeroport.fr/en/group/finance/amf-information." 
 
On 10 November 2022, the Issuer published to following press release: 
" FINANCIAL RELEASE 
 
10 November 2022 
 
Aéroports de Paris SA 
Strengthening of Crédit Agricole Assurances's position  
in the capital of Groupe ADP

--- Page 112 ---
112 
      
Groupe ADP takes note of today's announcement that Crédit Agricole Assurances, via its 
subsidiary Predica, has acquired an additional 2.5% share of the capital of Groupe ADP from 
Royal Schiphol Group. Upon settlement, the transaction would bring Crédit Agricole Assurances's 
total stake in the Groupe ADP to 7.73%. Besides, it is reminded that Crédit Agricole Assurances 
has a seat on the Board of Directors of Groupe ADP. 
This transaction is part of the orderly disposal process of the 8% cross-shareholdings held by 
Aéroports de Paris and Royal Schiphol Group respectively. It is reminded that this process, which 
is described in the press release of 16 February 2022, has been organised between the parties in 
such a way that it will take place in one or more steps and at the latest by 30 May 2023. 
Disclaimer 
 
This presentation does not constitute an offer to purchase financial securities within the United States or in any 
other country. 
Forward-looking disclosures (including, if so, forecasts and objectives) are included in this press release. These 
forward-looking disclosures are based on data, assumptions and estimates deemed reasonable at the diffusion 
date of the present document but could be unprecise and are, either way, subject to risks. There are uncertainties 
about the realization of predicted events and the achievements of forecasted results. Detailed information about 
these potential risks and uncertainties that might trigger differences between considered results and obtained 
results are available in the registration document filed with the French financial markets authority on 14 April 2022 
under D.22-0299, retrievable online on the AMF website www.amf-france.org or Aéroports de Paris website 
www.parisaeroports.fr. 
Aéroports de Paris does not commit and shall not update forecasted information contained in the document to 
reflect facts and posterior circumstances to the presentation date. " 
 
On 16 November 2022, the Issuer published to following press release: 
" FINANCIAL RELEASE 
 
16 November 2022 
 
Aéroports de Paris SA 
Evolution of Groupe ADP's share capital 
 
Groupe ADP takes note of today's announcement that Canada Pension Plan Investment Board 
has acquired an additional share of c. 1.59% of the capital of Groupe ADP from Royal Schiphol 
Group. Upon settlement, the transaction would bring Canada Pension Plan Investment Board's 
total stake in Groupe ADP to c. 5.64%. 
This transaction is part of the orderly disposal process of the 8% cross-shareholdings 
held by Aéroports de Paris and Royal Schiphol Group respectively. It is reminded that this process, 
which is described in the press release of 16 February 2022, has been organised between the 
parties in such a way that it will take place in one or more steps and at the latest by 30 May 2023. 
Disclaimer 
 
This presentation does not constitute an offer to purchase financial securities within the United States or in any 
other country. 
Forward-looking disclosures (including, if so, forecasts and objectives) are included in this press release. These 
forward-looking disclosures are based on data, assumptions and estimates deemed reasonable at the diffusion 
date of the present document but could be unprecise and are, either way, subject to risks. There are uncertainties

--- Page 113 ---
113 
      
about the realization of predicted events and the achievements of forecasted results. Detailed information about 
these potential risks and uncertainties that might trigger differences between considered results and obtained 
results are available in the registration document filed with the French financial markets authority on 14 April 2022 
under D.22-0299, retrievable online on the AMF website www.amf-france.org or Aéroports de Paris website 
www.parisaeroports.fr. 
Aéroports de Paris does not commit and shall not update forecasted information contained in the document to 
reflect facts and posterior circumstances to the presentation date. " 
 
On 6 December 2022, the Issuer published to following press release: 
" FINANCIAL RELEASE 
 
6 December 2022 
 
Aéroports de Paris SA 
Evolution in Groupe ADP's share capital allowing the finalization of the 
process of unwinding the cross-shareholdings with Royal Schiphol Group 
 
Royal Schiphol Group today announced the sale of its remaining stake in Aéroports de Paris 
(“Groupe ADP”). This sale represented approximately 3.91% of Groupe ADP's capital, i.e. 
3,869,859 shares. It was carried out by way of an accelerated book-building (ABB) at a price of 
133 euros per share. 
On this occasion, Groupe ADP bought back 296,882 shares, i.e. approximately 0.3 % of the share 
capital, at a unit price of133 euros. The settlement is expected to take place on or around 
December 8, 2022. This share buyback, amounting to c. 39.5 million euros, is financed with 
Groupe ADP's available cash. It was carried out within the framework of the share buyback 
program authorized by the 6th resolution voted by the General Shareholders' Meeting of May 17, 
2022. It is intended to cover any allocation of Groupe ADP performance shares and/or allocation 
of shares in the context of an employee shareholding operation. 
Following the ABB, Royal Schiphol Group no longer holds any shares in Groupe ADP. In 
accordance with an Exit Agreement concluded between the parties on December 1, 2008, 
Royal Schiphol Group will repurchase shares held by Groupe ADP in Royal Schiphol Group, which 
will mark the end of the process of unwinding the cross-shareholdings with Royal Schiphol Group.  
The proceeds from this transaction benefitting to Groupe ADP amount to c. 420 million euros. 
They will enable Groupe ADP to selectively seize potential international development 
opportunities while pursuing its debt reduction path, targeting a net debt ratio of 4.5 to 5 times 
EBITDA by 2025. 
Disclaimer 
 
This presentation does not constitute an offer to purchase financial securities within the United States or in any 
other country. 
Forward-looking disclosures (including, if so, forecasts and objectives) are included in this press release. These 
forward-looking disclosures are based on data, assumptions and estimates deemed reasonable at the diffusion 
date of the present document but could be unprecise and are, either way, subject to risks. There are uncertainties 
about the realization of predicted events and the achievements of forecasted results. Detailed information about 
these potential risks and uncertainties that might trigger differences between considered results and obtained 
results are available in the registration document filed with the French financial markets authority on 14 April 2022

--- Page 114 ---
114 
      
under D.22-0299, retrievable online on the AMF website www.amf-france.org or Aéroports de Paris website 
www.parisaeroports.fr. 
Aéroports de Paris does not commit and shall not update forecasted information contained in the document to 
reflect facts and posterior circumstances to the presentation date. "

--- Page 115 ---
115 
      
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 16 December 2022 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the 
Dealer(s). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting as 
agent(s) of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealer(s) to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer of any of the Notes to retail investors, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
      
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the 
offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States of America or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain transactions 
exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing date, within the United States of America 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable 
Tranche and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such an 
offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as

--- Page 117 ---
117 
      
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year from the date of issue, (a) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or 
to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other relevant laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
      
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]32 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 33 34 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)]/[MiFID 
II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (“IDD”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail 
                                                          
 
32 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
33 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
34 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 119 ---
119 
      
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
AEROPORTS DE PARIS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500PJMBSFHYC37989 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
Issue of [Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Under the Euro 10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 16 December 2022 which received approval no. 22-492 on 16 December 2022 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received 
approval no. [] on [] from the AMF which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf) and on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
      
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
(1) 
 
Issuer: 
Aéroports de Paris 
(2) 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing 
Notes”) as from the date of assimilation which 
is expected to be on or about 40 calendar days 
after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation 
Date”).] 
(3) 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]35 
(4) 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
(5) 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
(6) 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] (one denomination only)36 
(7) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(8) 
 
Maturity Date: 
[] [specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
                                                          
 
35  Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
36  Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” 
(or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no part of any such Note may be 
transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 121 ---
121 
      
(9) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[specify particular reference 
rate][EURIBOR/SOFR/€STR/SONIA/TONA] 
+/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[If the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
specify all Interest Basis that apply] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(10) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
(11) 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
or floating to fixed rate change occurs or refer 
to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify 
there] 
(12) 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option]  
[Put Option in case of Change of Control] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
 
(13) 
 
Date[s] of the corporate authorisation[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the Conseil d’Administration of 
the Issuer dated [] deciding the issue of the 
Notes]/[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE 
 
(14) 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/ 
other (specify)] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [commencing on [] and 
ending on [] [[the Maturity Date]/[]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[] per Specified Denomination

--- Page 122 ---
122 
      
 
(iv) Broken Amounts: 
[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates (Condition 5(a)): 
[[] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or 
short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
(15) 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Interest Accrual Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iv) below] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] 
(Not Applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(ix) Linear Interpolation:  
[Applicable/Not applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest accrual period)]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
      
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[]/[EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR/SONIA/TONA]  
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest 
Payment Date]] 
 
[- Relevant Screen Page:  
[](in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately)  
[In the case of SOFR and €STR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
[- Reference Banks (when the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available): 
 
[][In the case of SOFR, SONIA, TONA and 
€STR, delete this paragraph]] 
 
[- Calculation Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean]/[SOFR Compound: 
[SOFR Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR 
Compound 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift]/[SOFR Index with Observation Shift]]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is TONA: 
[TONA Compound: [TONA Compound with 
Lookback]/[TONA 
Compound 
with 
Observation Period Shift]] 
 
[- Observation Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]]]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
      
 
[- Lookback Period: 
[[specify] [London Business Days]/[ U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 Business Days]/ [Tokyo 
Banking Days]/ [As per the Conditions]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA or 
SOFR (where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Compound: SOFR Compound with Lookback) 
or TONA (where the Calculation Method is 
TONA Compound with Lookback) and ensure 
that any Early Redemption Amounts include 
amounts in respect of accrued interest.)] 
 
[- Observation Shift Days: 
[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and 
the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift or SOFR 
Index with Observation Shift) 
[Observation 
Shift 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[specify]] 
[[specify] 
Relevant 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
the 
Conditions]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA and 
the Calculation Method is TONA Compound 
with Observation Period Shift) 
– 
[SOFR Cut-Off Date: 
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. 
Must apply where the Calculation Method is 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean) 
 
[- 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority 
of SOFR Replacement Alternatives listed in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(D).]] 
 
[- ISDA Definitions:  
 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
 
- Observation Look-Back Period: 
[] (only applicable in the case of SOFR or 
SONIA or €STR) / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
      
 
(xi) FBF 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Floating Rate (Taux variable): 
[] 
 
- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[] 
 
(xii) ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- ISDA Definitions 
[]/[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 [ – Calculation Period: 
[] 
 
– Fixing Day: 
[] 
 
– Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [] 
 
– Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) / [] 
 
– Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of 
days] (if no number is specified, the 
applicable number of days shall be five (5) 
days) / Not Applicable] 
 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
– OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
– Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
– Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
[]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
      
 
– Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value of the Lockout will 
be five (5)) 
 
– 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity, 
each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
/ Not Applicable] ] 
 
 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)]/[] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-] 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[] per cent. per annum (such 
rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)]] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
 
 
(16) 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(j)(i)):  
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(17) 
 
Call Option (Condition 6(e)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 127 ---
127 
      
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
[- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the items below) 
[] per Specified Denomination 
[] per Specified Denomination] 
 
(iv) Notice period37: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(18) 
 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
(Condition 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:38 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[] 
 
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[] 
 
(iv) Redemption Margin:  
[] 
 
(v) 
Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(19) 
 
Acquisition Event Call Option (Condition 6(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Acquisition Target: 
[] 
 
Acquisition Completion Date: 
[] 
 
Acquisition Event Redemption Amount: 
[] per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
[- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the items below) 
[] per Specified Denomination 
[] per Specified Denomination] 
 
Acquisition Notice Period: 
The period from [[]/[the Issue Date]] to 
[[]/the Acquisition Completion Date] 
                                                          
 
37  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
38 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
      
(20) 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option (Condition 6(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date:  
[[30/90/180] calendar days](Insert number of 
days before Maturity Date as from which 
option is exercisable)  
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
 
(iii) Notice period39:  
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(21) 
 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer (Condition 
6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(22) 
 
Put Option (Condition 6(g)) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
(iii) Notice period40: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[] 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination] 
[As per the Conditions] / [] 
(23) 
 
Put Option in case of Change of Control 
(Condition 6(i)) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination] 
(24) 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]] 
(25) 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(k)), for illegality (Condition 6(n)) or 
for an event of default (Condition 9): 
[[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(26) 
 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised Notes 
 
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether] 
[bearer form (au porteur) / administered 
                                                          
 
39  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
40 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
      
registered form (au nominatif administré) / 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable][/if 
Applicable 
give name and details] (Note that a 
Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to fully registered Notes only) 
 
(iii) [Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
as 
provided by Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
(27) 
 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(d)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and 
not the dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, 
to which sub-paragraph, 14(ii) and (15(vi) 
relate) 
(28) 
  
Redenomination, provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
1(d)] apply] 
(29) 
 
Purchase in accordance with Article L. 213-0-1 
and D. 213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(30) 
 
[Masse (Condition 11):  
[If the Representative is not MASSQUOTE 
S.A.S., insert the wording below: 
Name and address of the Representative: [] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: []]]  
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration.]/[The 
Representative 
will 
receive a remuneration of [].] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
insert the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed for such Series, it shall exercise 
all rights and obligations assigned by law to the 
Representative and the general meeting of the 
Noteholders. 
A 
Representative 
will 
be 
appointed as soon as the Notes are held by 
several Noteholders.]]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
      
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of Issuer]: 
 
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 131 ---
131 
      
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris] [specify other relevant regulated market]] 
with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.]  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated/The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: [].] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: []] 
[Other: []] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
As 
such, 
[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies][is/are] included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
      
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended).] [However, certain of [it/their 
respective] affiliates are established in the European Union and 
registered under CRA Regulation by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
Such affiliates endorse the ratings of [insert credit rating agency/ies] for 
use for regulatory purposes in the European Union.]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealer(s)] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate purposes] 
 
* (See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus. If an 
Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as being applicable, 
specify (i) the use of proceeds for acquisition consideration, 
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees and (ii) 
the potential use for general financing requirements if the 
Acquisition Event occurs but the Issuer elects not to use the 
Acquisition Event Call Option. If reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, will need to include 
those reasons here.)]  
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
[Not Applicable]  
[Historic interest rates: 
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/€STR/TONA/[]] 
rates 
can be obtained [but not] free of charges from

--- Page 133 ---
133 
      
[Reuters/give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance].  
[Benchmarks: 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/[]] which is provided by []. 
[As at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/2011, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place the issue

--- Page 134 ---
134 
      
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes. The rules of the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 do not 
apply to the Notes.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
      
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Listing and admission to trading  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 16 December 2023 provided that 
it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will 
no longer apply. Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext 
Paris and application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market 
in a Member State of the EEA. 
2 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the establishment of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to 
the extent that such Notes constitute bonds (obligations) under French law, require the prior authorisation 
of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer in accordance with Article L.228-40 of 
the French Code de commerce.  
For this purpose, the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has delegated on 16 
February 2022 to Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer, the power to issue Notes under the Programme, up 
to a maximum amount of 2,000 million euros in aggregate for one year.  
3 
No Significant change  
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the 
Group since 30 September 2022.  
4 
No Material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
5 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus and the information incorporated by reference herein, neither the 
Issuer nor any member of the Group is involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that 
may have, or have had during twelve (12) months preceding the date of this document, a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, or the Group nor is the Issuer aware that any such 
proceedings are pending or threatened.  
6 
Clearing 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
      
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.  
The Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). The Notes which 
are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed with the Registration Agent. The address of Euroclear 
France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. The address of any alternative clearing system will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7 
Material contracts 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus and the information incorporated by reference herein, there are no 
material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result in any 
member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
8 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will be available on the website of the Issuer (with respect to the document listed in (i) below: 
https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/strategie/gourvernance-entreprise; with respect to the documents listed 
in 
(ii) 
below: 
https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finance/relations-investisseurs/resultats-chiffre-
affaire/resultats-et-chiffres-affaires-2022):  
 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any 
part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the documents listed in (i) and (ii) below will be available, 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in (i) to (iii) below on the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.parisaeroport.fr/groupe/finances/information-reglementee-amf):  
(i) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus;  
(ii) 
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or are offered to 
the public in France and/or in any Member State of the European Economic Area so long as such 
Notes are outstanding; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
9 
Statutory auditors 
Deloitte & Associés and Ernst & Young Audit are the statutory auditors of the Issuer and have audited, and 
rendered unqualified reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
The consolidated half-year financial statements of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 
have not been audited but were subject to a limited review, without qualification, by Deloitte & Associés 
and Ernst & Young Audit, as stated in their limited review report incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Deloitte & Associés and Ernst & Young Audit are registered as Commissaires aux Comptes (members of 
the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes and the Compagnie Régionale de Versailles) and 
are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
      
10 
Yield  
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
(as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
11 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) 
calendar days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
12 
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
The Dealers and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent and their 
respective affiliates (including their parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and 
its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may, in the ordinary 
course of their business, (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities 
that may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) 
act as underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group 
or (iii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these 
transactions, the Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where 
applicable, it has or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions.  
The Dealers, the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent or their respective affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation 
agent), including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation 
Agent or Make-whole Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
13 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in the relevant Final Terms as 
to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation, it being specified that SONIA, SOFR, TONA

--- Page 138 ---
138 
      
and €STR are outside the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation, in accordance with the provisions of Article 
2 of the Benchmarks Regulation, and their administrators are not subject to the requirements of approval or 
registration of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
14 
LEI 
The LEI of the Issuer is 969500PJMBSFHYC37989.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
      
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Aéroports de Paris 
1, rue de France 
93290 Tremblay-en-France 
France 
 
duly represented by: 
Augustin DE ROMANET 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Président-Directeur Général) of the Issuer 
 
 
 
on 16 December 2022 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 16 December 2022 and is valid until 16 December 2023 and shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 22-492.

--- Page 140 ---
Registered Office of the Issuer 
 
Aéroports de Paris 
1, rue de France 
93290 Tremblay-en-France 
France 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Dealers 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
 Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
 
CACEIS Corporate Trust 
89-91 Rue Gabriel Péri 
92120 Montrouge 
France 
 
Make-whole Calculation Agent 
Aether Financial Services 
36 rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 141 ---
Auditors to the Issuer 
Deloitte & Associés 
Tour Majunga – 6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Ernst & Young Audit 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
as to French law 
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
to the Dealers 
as to French law  
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche  
75008 Paris  
France