--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS FOLLOWING THIS NOTICE (THE "BASE PROSPECTUS") IS 
AVAILABLE ONLY TO: (1) QIBs (AS DEFINED BELOW) THAT ARE ALSO QPs (AS DEFINED 
BELOW); OR (2) CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the base 
prospectus, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, accessing or making 
any other use of the attached base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). In accessing the Base 
Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications 
to them any time you receive any information from Africa Finance Corporation (the "Issuer"), the 
Arrangers and Dealers (each as defined in the Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF 
SECURITIES FOR SALE IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE 
ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"). THE 
SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN 
THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S")), 
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT 
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE 
STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO 
ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. 
ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE 
MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION 
CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED, 
AND WILL NOT BE ABLE, TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED 
THEREIN. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of the securities to the public in the United Kingdom. 
No prospectus has been or will be approved in the United Kingdom in respect of the securities. The 
Base Prospectus is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the 
United Kingdom; (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order"); (iii) high net worth entities 
falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order; or (iv) other persons to whom it may lawfully be 
communicated (all such persons in (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above together being referred to as "relevant 
persons"). The securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, 
purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any 
person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the Base Prospectus or any of its 
contents. 
The attached document is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the 
European Economic Area who are "qualified investors" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") ("Qualified Investors") and must not be 
acted on or relied on (i) in the United Kingdom, by persons who are not relevant persons, and (ii) in 
any member state of the European Economic Area by persons who are not Qualified Investors. Any 
investment or investment activity to which the attached document relates is available only to (i) in 
the United Kingdom, relevant persons, and (ii) in any member state of the European Economic Area, 
Qualified Investors, and will be engaged in only with such persons. 
Confirmation of your representation: In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities, investors must be either (1) Qualified Institutional 
Buyers ("QIBs") (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act) who are also qualified

--- Page 2 ---
10292519675-v37 
 
70-41079910 
 
purchasers ("QPs") as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act; or (2) non-U.S. 
persons within the meaning of Regulation S outside the United States. The Base Prospectus is being 
sent at your request and by accepting the email and accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be 
deemed to have represented to us that (1) you and any customers you represent are either (a) QIBs 
who are also QPs; or (b) non-U.S. persons within the meaning of Regulation S outside the United 
States, (2) unless you are a QIB who is also a QP, the electronic mail address that you gave us and to 
which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the United States, (3) you are a person who is 
permitted under applicable law and regulation to receive the Base Prospectus and (4) you consent to 
delivery of the Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver 
the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any jurisdiction where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction 
requires that an offering of securities described herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer and 
the Arrangers and Dealers or any affiliate of the Arrangers or applicable Dealers is a licensed broker 
or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Arrangers or such Dealer 
or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer or holders of the applicable securities in such jurisdiction. 
The attached document has not been and will not be registered with the Nigerian Securities and 
Exchange Commission pursuant to the Nigerian Investments and Securities Act, No. 29 of 2007 (as 
amended) and the Consolidated Securities and Exchange Commission Rules and Regulations, 2013 
(as amended). The attached document is not a prospectus or an invitation to the public within the 
meaning of the Nigerian Investments and Securities Act, No. 29 of 2007 (as amended) and may not 
be utilised in connection with any offering to the public within Nigeria. Accordingly, the attached 
document is not directed to any persons within Nigeria other than the selected investors to whom the 
Base Prospectus has been addressed as a private sale, or domestic concern, within the exemption and 
meaning of Section 69(2) of the Nigerian ISA. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission 
and consequently neither the Issuer, the Arrangers and Dealers nor any person who controls them 
nor any director, officer, employee nor agent of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any 
liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus 
distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from 
the Issuer, the Arrangers and Dealers. 
Please ensure that your copy is complete. You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other 
destructive items. Your use of this e-mail is at your own risk, and it is your responsibility to take 
precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature.

--- Page 3 ---
10292519675-v37 
 
70-41079910 
 
 
 
AFRICA FINANCE CORPORATION 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this U.S.$5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Africa Finance Corporation (the "Issuer" or the "Corporation") may from time to 
time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below), subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as provided for in the Programme Agreement described 
herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
In respect of Bearer Notes, interests in a temporary global note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a global note on or after the date 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering and the relevant issue date, upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership. Until the expiration of 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering of a tranche of Regulation S Registered Notes (as defined below) and the issue date thereof, beneficial interests in a global note may be held only 
through Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base 
Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe to 
such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 7. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central 
Bank of Ireland ("Central Bank of Ireland") only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II") and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. This 
Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 3 June 2022, as supplemented from time to time. 
This Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its 
official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all related references) 
shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below), the Notes have been admitted 
to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted 
to trading on any market. 
Application may be made to the United Kingdom ("UK") Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the official 
list of the FCA (the "FCA Official List") and to the London Stock Exchange plc (the "London Stock Exchange") for such Notes to be admitted to trading on the London Stock 
Exchange's main market on an issue-by-issue basis from the date hereof. For the purposes of any such application, the Issuer is an exempt issuer pursuant to Article 1(2) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (as amended, the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). 
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus has not been reviewed or approved by the FCA as competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation. Notes admitted to listing on the 
FCA Official List and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's main market will not be subject to the prospectus requirements but will be issued in accordance with 
the listing rules of the London Stock Exchange. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CBI has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
For each issue of Notes under the Programme, the information required to amend, replace or complete this Base Prospectus for the relevant issue will be set out in a final terms 
document (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" 
which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. Copies of such Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectus will be published 
on the Issuer's website (www.africafc.org) and on Euronext Dublin's website at https://www.live.euronext.com. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") or may be unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). The Issuer's current long term rating by Moody's is A3. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's 
is established in the UK and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). Whether or not a rating in relation to 
any Series of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). 
The Corporation has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act") and related rules, and 
investors will not be entitled to the benefits of that Act. The Notes have not been, nor will they be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and any Notes issued in bearer form will be subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. The Notes may be offered and sold only (i) outside of the United States to persons other than U.S. persons as defined in and in accordance with Regulation S under 
the Securities Act and (ii) in the United States to purchasers who are qualified institutional buyers ("QIBs") as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act that are also qualified 
purchasers ("QPs") as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act in each case acting for their own account of one or more QIBs that are also QPs in reliance 
on and in compliance with Rule 144A. See "Form of the Notes" for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions 
on transfer, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Issuer is a "covered fund" as defined in Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act (the "Volcker Rule"). However, the Issuer does not believe that an investment in the 
Notes issued under the Programme would constitute an acquisition of an "ownership interest" (as defined in the Volcker Rule regulation) in a covered fund. See "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions—Covered Fund". 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Trustee") that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes herein, in which event a supplemental Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Arrangers and Dealers  
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
First Abu Dhabi Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan  
 
MUFG 
Securities 
EMEA plc 
Rand Merchant Bank 
SMBC Nikko 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 4 ---
10292519675-v37 
 
70-41079910 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 September 2024.

--- Page 5 ---
10292519675-v37 
- i - 
70-41079910 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus, including the Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable) relating to each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus has been filed with and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as required by the 
Prospectus Regulation. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by the Arrangers, 
Dealers and the Trustee nor any of their directors, affiliates, advisers or agents, as to the accuracy, 
completeness or verification of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. The Arrangers, Dealers 
and the Trustee or any of their directors, affiliates, advisers or agents assume no responsibility for its 
accuracy, completeness or verification and accordingly disclaim to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, any and all liability whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise which they might otherwise be found 
to have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. No responsibility is accepted by the Dealers 
or the Trustee or any of their directors, affiliates, advisers or agents for any act of omission of the Issuer, 
or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
Nothing contained in this Base Prospectus is, is to be construed as, or shall be relied upon as, a promise, 
warranty or representation, whether to the past or the future, by the Dealers, the Trustee or any of their 
respective directors, affiliates, advisers or agents in any respect. The contents of this Base Prospectus are 
not, are not to be construed as, and should not be relied on as, legal, business or tax advice, and each 
prospective investor should consult its own legal and other advisers for any such advice relevant to it. 
Copies of any listed Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable) will be available from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined 
below). 
Certain information under the headings "Risk Factors", "Description of the Corporation" and "Book-Entry 
Clearance Systems" has been extracted from information provided by the clearing systems, and certain 
governmental and other third-party sources, referred to therein. Where such third-party information appears 
in this Base Prospectus, it has been cited as such. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The Issuer has relied on the accuracy of this information without independent verification. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. None of the 
Dealers or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable), the only persons 
authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the 
relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) as the relevant Dealer or 
the Managers, as the case may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the 
Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any 
Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither

--- Page 6 ---
10292519675-v37 
- ii - 
70-41079910 
 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve an 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers and the Trustee 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer throughout the life of 
the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in 
the United States, the European Economic Area and the UK. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions". 
In particular, this Base Prospectus and any Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not 
be registered with the Nigerian Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Nigerian SEC") under the 
Nigerian Investments and Securities Act, No. 29 of 2007 (as amended) (the "Nigerian ISA") or the 
Consolidated Securities and Exchange Commission Rules and Regulations, 2013 (as amended) (the 
"Nigerian SEC Rules") and the Nigerian SEC has not approved or recommended an investment in the 
Notes. This Base Prospectus may not be utilised in connection with any offering to the public within 
Nigeria. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus is not directed to, and the Notes are not available for 
subscription by, any persons within Nigeria other than the selected investors to whom the Base Prospectus 
has been addressed as a private sale, or domestic concern, within the exemption and meaning of Section 
69(2) of the Nigerian ISA. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own independent examination of the Issuer 
and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes have not been 
approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities 
commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved 
this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuer or the Trustee makes any representation to any investor regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor should be able to bear the economic risk 
of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 7 ---
10292519675-v37 
- iii - 
70-41079910 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable) may over allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS. 
Investors must determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of their own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's home currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some of the Notes may be complex financial instruments. A potential investor should not invest in Notes 
which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) 
to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
NOTICE TO U.S. INVESTORS 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include Notes in bearer 
form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S") except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act). See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") 
within the meaning of Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") of the Securities Act who are also qualified purchasers 
("QPs") as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale 
of any Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note (as defined in "Form of the 
Notes—Registered Notes") or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor

--- Page 8 ---
10292519675-v37 
- iv - 
70-41079910 
 
(together, "Legended Notes") will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, 
to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such 
Notes as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, 
terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form of the Notes". 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"SEC"), any State securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. Regulatory Authority, nor 
have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of any offering of Notes or the 
accuracy or the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representations to the contrary are a criminal offence 
in the United States. 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Notes are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 
144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer will, during any period in which it is neither subject to sections 
13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") nor exempt 
from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3 2(b) under the Exchange Act, furnish to each holder of such Notes in 
connection with any resale thereof and to any prospective purchaser of such Notes from such holder, in 
each case upon request, the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act. 
NOTICE TO SOUTH AFRICAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may not be, and accordingly are not being, offered or sold to the public in South Africa. 
Accordingly, any offer of Notes will not be an "offer to the public" as such expression is defined in the 
South African Companies Act, 2008 (the "SA Companies Act"). This Base Prospectus does not, nor is it 
intended to, constitute a "registered prospectus" (as that term is defined in the SA Companies Act) prepared 
and registered under the SA Companies Act. 
NOTICE TO KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIAN INVESTORS 
This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom except to such persons as are permitted under the 
Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority. 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should conduct 
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do not understand 
the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
NOTICE TO SINGAPOREAN INVESTORS 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes and notified to the Dealers prior to an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the

--- Page 9 ---
10292519675-v37 
- v - 
70-41079910 
 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTICE TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"), and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however a distributor subject to Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR") and the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SOFR or the SOFR 
Compounded Index (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (the "EMMI"). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included in the FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SOFR and the 
SOFR Compounded Index are not included in the FCA's register of administrators under the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 10 ---
10292519675-v37 
- vi - 
70-41079910 
 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS 
No Arranger or Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined in "Use of Proceeds") or makes any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
"EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on 
European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green Bond Regulation "), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing 
legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such 
labels as they may evolve from time to time.  None of the Arranger or Dealers is responsible for the use or 
allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds nor do any of the Arranger or the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient 
Eligible Green Projects (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) to allow for allocation of a sum equal to 
the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full. 
In addition none of the Arranger or the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) including the assessment of the applicable eligibility 
criteria in relation to the Green Bonds set out in therein. ISS ESG has issued an independent opinion on the 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides an 
opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, 
market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security.  The Second Party Opinion is a statement 
of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Arranger or the Dealers 
as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third 
party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Arranger or the Dealers, or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued.  The criteria and/or considerations that 
formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any 
time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn.  
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein.  The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may also be subject to 
review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to 
time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does 
not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
10292519675-v37 
- vii - 
70-41079910 
 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is an international organisation established by the Agreement for the Establishment of the Africa 
Finance Corporation dated 28 May 2007 (the "Establishment Agreement"). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has 43 member countries: the Federal Republic of Nigeria 
("Nigeria"), Angola, the Republic of Benin ("Benin"), Botswana, Burkina Faso, the Republic of Burundi 
("Burundi"), Cameroon, the Republic of Cabo Verde ("Cape Verde"), the Republic of Chad ("Chad"), 
the Republic of Congo ("Congo-Brazzaville"), the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire ("Côte d'Ivoire"), the 
Democratic Republic of Congo (the "DRC"), the Republic of Djibouti ("Djibouti"), the Arab Republic of 
Egypt ("Egypt"), the State of Eritrea ("Eritrea"), the Kingdom of Eswatini ("Eswatini"), Ethiopia, the 
Gabonese Republic ("Gabon"), the Republic of Ghana ("Ghana"), the Republic of Guinea-Bissau 
("Guinea-Bissau"), the Republic of Guinea ("Guinea-Conakry"), the Republic of Kenya ("Kenya"), the 
Republic of Liberia ("Liberia"), the Republic of Madagascar ("Madagascar"), the Republic of Malawi 
("Malawi"), the Republic of Mali ("Mali"), the Islamic Republic of Mauritania ("Mauritania"), the 
Republic of Mauritius ("Mauritius"), the Kingdom of Morocco ("Morocco"), the Republic of Namibia 
("Namibia"), the Republic of Niger ("Niger"), the Republic of Rwanda ("Rwanda"), the Democratic 
Republic of São Tomé and Princípe (“São Tomé and Princípe”), the Republic of Senegal ("Senegal"), the 
Republic of Sierra Leone ("Sierra Leone"),Somalia, South Sudan, The Islamic Republic of the Gambia 
("The Gambia"), the Togolese Republic ("Togo"), the Republic of Tunisia ("Tunisia"), the Republic of 
Uganda ("Uganda"), the Republic of Zambia ("Zambia") and the Republic of Zimbabwe ("Zimbabwe") 
(together, the "Member Countries") and three multilateral financial institution members, the Africa 
Reinsurance Corporation ("Africa Re"), the African Development Bank Group ("African Development 
Bank") and the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa ("BADEA"). 
As an international organisation, the Issuer is not incorporated under the laws of any state and it is a creature 
of, and subject to, public international law. In a situation where the United Kingdom is not a party to the 
agreement establishing an international organisation and no Order in Council has been made under the 
International Organisations Act 1968 of the United Kingdom in relation to the relevant organisation (as is 
currently the case for the Issuer), the English courts have held that an international organisation will be 
recognised as an entity with separate legal personality that can sue and be sued before the English courts 
where the organisation concerned has been incorporated in, or has separate legal personality otherwise 
conferred upon it by the laws of, at least one state which is recognised by the United Kingdom. 
In this connection, the Establishment Agreement and the Charter of the Africa Finance Corporation 
dated 28 May 2007 (the "Charter") provide that the Issuer is an international institution with international 
legal capacity, including the right to enter into international agreements within its competence and that the 
Issuer is recognised as a separate legal entity in its Member Countries, all of which are sovereign states 
recognised by the United Kingdom. 
The Notes and the Trust Deed are governed by the laws of England, and the Issuer has agreed in the Trust 
Deed that disputes arising thereunder or in respect of the Notes shall be referred to and finally resolved by 
arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration. The courts of a 
Member Country may not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other than that 
Member Country unless there is in effect a treaty between such country and such Member Country 
providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments and then only in accordance with the terms of such 
treaty. There is no such treaty in effect between any of the Member Countries and the United Kingdom or 
the United States. Accordingly, judgments may be enforceable in Member Countries following compliance 
with certain procedural or other requirements. However, should a holder of the Notes be successful in 
obtaining a judgment against the Issuer in any jurisdiction other than a Member Country, no assurance can 
be given that such judgment will be enforced against the Issuer in such Member Country. However, each 
of the Member Countries (except for Chad, Congo-Brazzaville, The Gambia, Guinea-Bissau, Malawi, 
Sierra Leone and Togo), the United States and the United Kingdom are parties to the Convention on the 
Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards, also known as the New York Convention (the 
"Convention") and, accordingly, an award by an arbitration tribunal should be recognised and enforceable 
in a Member Country (except for Chad, Congo-Brazzaville, The Gambia, Guinea-Bissau, Malawi, Sierra 
Leone and Togo) provided the conditions to enforcement set out in the Convention are met and such 
Member Country's procedures and laws relating to enforcement of arbitral awards are satisfied. 
In the circumstances described in this paragraph, however, the enforcement in the Member Countries of an 
arbitral award obtained under the Convention cannot be assured. Provided any new Member Country which

--- Page 12 ---
10292519675-v37 
- viii - 
70-41079910 
 
accedes to the Establishment Agreement in the future is a party to the Convention, an award by an 
arbitration tribunal should be recognised and enforced in the new Member Country, provided the conditions 
to enforcement set out in the Convention are met and such new Member Country's procedures and laws 
relating to enforcement of arbitral awards are satisfied. If a Member Country is not a party to the 
Convention, an arbitration award may not be enforceable in that new Member Country. 
As a substantial portion of the Issuer's property and assets are located in Member Countries, it may be 
difficult to effect service of process or enforce judgments against the Issuer. The Establishment Agreement 
provides that no judgment or award other than a final judgment or award may be enforced against the Issuer 
and all property and assets of the Issuer shall, wherever located and by whomsoever held, be immune from 
all forms of seizure, attachment or execution before the delivery of final judgment against the Issuer. See 
"Risk Factors—Risks related to the market generally—It may be difficult to effect service of legal process 
and enforce judgments obtained in Member Countries against the Issuer and its officers". 
Most of the members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation ("Board of Directors") are residents of 
a Member Country. A substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and most of such persons are located in 
the Member Countries. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process upon the Issuer or 
any such person outside the Member Countries to enforce against any of them, in courts of jurisdictions 
other than the Member Countries, judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of 
such other jurisdictions or to enforce against any of them, in the courts of the Member Countries, judgments 
obtained in jurisdictions other than the Member Countries, including judgments obtained in relation to the 
Trust Deed in the courts of England.

--- Page 13 ---
10292519675-v37 
- ix - 
70-41079910 
 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements included herein may constitute forward looking statements that involve a number of 
risks and uncertainties. They may also constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the 
"Exchange Act"); however, this Base Prospectus is not entitled to the benefit of the safe harbour created 
thereby. Certain such forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking 
terminology such as "believes", "expects", "may", "are expected to", "intends", "will", "will continue", 
"should", "would be", "seeks", or "anticipates" or similar expressions or the negative thereof or other 
variations thereof or comparable terminology. These forward looking statements include all matters that 
are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include 
statements regarding the Corporation's intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other 
things, the Corporation's results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies 
and the industry in which it operates. By their nature, forward looking statements involve risks and 
uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the 
future. 
Prospective investors should be aware that forward looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and that the Corporation's actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and 
the development of the industry in which it operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested 
by the forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Corporation's 
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and the development of the industry in which it 
operates are consistent with the forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results 
or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. Important factors 
that could cause those differences include, but are not limited to: 
• 
the anticipated growth of the Corporation's business; and 
• 
expectations as to the Corporation's investments. 
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Corporation's expectations are contained 
in cautionary statements in this Base Prospectus and include, among other things, the following: 
• 
the Corporation may be negatively affected by significant political, legal, regulatory and social 
uncertainties in its jurisdictions of operation; 
• 
the Corporation's growth strategy and performance is dependent on identifying appropriate 
investments in its target markets as well as the availability of external financing and capital. Failure 
to identify such investments or financing could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's 
business, results of operations or financial condition; 
• 
the outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, in particular successive variants of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, has led to higher volatility in the global economy and capital markets, which 
may materially and adversely affect the Corporation's business, financial condition and results of 
operations; 
• 
the Corporation may be materially adversely affected by economic instability and adverse business 
and operating conditions in the markets in which it conducts its investment operations; 
• 
oil prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to changes in the supply of and demand for 
oil and the Corporation operates in markets that are highly dependent on oil revenue; 
• 
unlike other regulated financial institutions, the Corporation is not subject to external regulatory 
oversight; 
• 
the Corporation is exposed to credit risks arising from its lending activities and its risk management 
strategies may not adequately address unidentified or unanticipated risks; 
• 
the Corporation could be adversely affected by non-performing loans, other impaired investments 
and realised losses on its investments;

--- Page 14 ---
10292519675-v37 
- x - 
70-41079910 
 
• 
the Corporation may be subject to liquidity risk; 
• 
Member Countries and existing shareholders have a low ability to support the Corporation, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's operations if a capital request were 
initiated; 
• 
Member Countries may take actions that will have direct or indirect adverse consequences for the 
Corporation's business or have interests that do not coincide with those of the Corporation; 
• 
the Corporation has historically benefited from rights and immunities granted to it by its Member 
States; however, there can be no assurance that it will continue to do so in the future; 
• 
militant activity and terrorism in certain of the jurisdictions in which the Corporation operates may 
impact its business; 
• 
the Corporation operates in jurisdictions with inherent risks relating to fraud, bribery and 
corruption which may have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or 
financial condition; 
• 
currency fluctuations could materially adversely affect the Corporation's results of operations; 
• 
the Corporation makes equity investments and this might potentially increase the volatility of 
earnings; 
• 
the Corporation is exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and its variable interest rate debt may 
be impacted by applicable regulation and may bear interest that could rise significantly, thereby 
increasing its costs and reducing its cash flow; 
• 
the Corporation is subject to competition from other lenders and investors. If the Corporation is 
not able to successfully maintain its competitive position, its financial performance and business 
prospects may be materially adversely affected; 
• 
the Corporation is exposed to operational risk; 
• 
the Corporation faces certain risks dealing with disease outbreaks, such as the Ebola virus and 
COVID-19 and Mpox, which could adversely affect the Corporation's business, results of 
operations and financial condition; 
• 
the Corporation relies on its ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, without whom it may 
not be able to manage its business effectively; and 
• 
statistical information published by the governments in the jurisdictions that the Corporation 
operates in may differ from that produced by other sources and may be unreliable, which may 
subject its operations to uncertainty. 
The sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Corporation" contain 
a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Corporation's future performance and the 
industry in which it operates. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward looking 
events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. 
These forward looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Save as required by the 
Central Bank of Ireland, the Corporation does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward 
looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent 
written and oral forward looking statements attributable to the Corporation or to persons acting on its behalf 
are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 15 ---
10292519675-v37 
 
70-41079910 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... i 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES .......................................... vii 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................... ix 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 7 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ..................................................... 39 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 43 
OVERVIEW OF THE CORPORATION ................................................................................................... 45 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ..................................... 47 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS ................................................................................ 50 
SUPPLEMENTS ........................................................................................................................................ 51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 52 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 98 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 101 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 114 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS ......................................................................................... 115 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE ......................................................................................................................... 116 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CORPORATION ............................................................................................ 119 
RISK MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 158 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND 
FINANCIAL CONDITION ..................................................................................................................... 173 
MANAGEMENT OF THE CORPORATION ......................................................................................... 197 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ 205 
CERTAIN ERISA AND RELATED CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 209 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 212 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .......................... 219 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 229 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .............................................................................................. 231 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 232

--- Page 16 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 1 - 
70-41079910 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 22.5(3) of 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 implementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer ................................................ 
Africa Finance Corporation. 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of the 
Issuer ................................................ 
213800LXFHRRXIJRXW97 
Risk Factors ...................................... 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These factors are set out under "Risk Factors". In addition, there 
are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme. These are also set out under "Risk Factors" and 
include certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series 
of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description ....................................... 
Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arrangers .......................................... 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, First Abu Dhabi Bank 
PJSC, Goldman Sachs International, J.P. Morgan, Merrill 
Lynch International, Rand Merchant Bank, a division of 
FirstRand Bank Limited (London Branch), SMBC Nikko 
Capital Markets Limited, and Société Générale. 
Dealers.............................................. 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, First Abu Dhabi Bank, 
PJSC, Goldman Sachs International, J.P. Morgan, Merrill 
Lynch International, Rand Merchant Bank, a division of 
FirstRand Bank Limited (London Branch), SMBC Nikko 
Capital Markets Limited, and Société Générale. 
Trustee .............................................. 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Certain Restrictions and Approvals .. 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 26 February 2015. 
All 
necessary 
corporate 
and 
regulatory approvals will be obtained by the Issuer prior to each 
issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions") including the following restrictions applicable at 
the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on

--- Page 17 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 2 - 
70-41079910 
 
accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. See "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
 
Bearer Notes: 
 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to certain restrictions on 
transfer. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
Exchange Agent ............................... 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Principal Paying and Transfer Agent 
for the Registered Notes ................ 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Registrar ........................................... 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Programme Size ............................... 
Up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer may increase the size of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution ...................................... 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non- syndicated basis. 
Currencies ........................................ 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be 
made in U.S. dollars if RMB Currency Events are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and an RMB Currency Event occurs. 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 6(i)". 
Maturities ......................................... 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See 
"Certain Restrictions and Approvals: Notes having a maturity 
of less than one year" above. 
Issue Price ........................................ 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus  ..................................... 
Each Tranche will be the subject of a Final Terms or a 
Drawdown Prospectus which, for the purpose of that Tranche 
only, completes (in the case of Final Terms), amends and/or 
replaces (in the case of a Drawdown Prospectus) the Conditions 
and, which must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are the Conditions as completed by

--- Page 18 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 3 - 
70-41079910 
 
the relevant Final Terms or as replaced, supplemented and/or 
amended by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Form of Notes .................................. 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes". Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Clearing Systems .............................. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for Bearer Notes. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the Depository 
Trust Company ("DTC") for Registered Notes or as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
(as applicable). 
Fixed Rate Notes .............................. 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes in bearer form 
will only be payable outside the United States and its 
possessions, subject to Condition 6(e) (Payments – General 
provisions applicable to payments). 
Floating Rate Notes .......................... 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
and as amended and updated as of the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
• 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. Interest on Floating Rate Notes in bearer 
form will only be payable outside the United States and its 
possessions, subject to Condition 6(e) (Payments – General 
provisions applicable to payments). 
 
If Floating Rate Notes provide for a rate of interest (or any 
component thereof) to be determined by reference to a 
reference rate and "Reference Rate Replacement" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon such 
reference rate ceasing to exist or be published or the occurrence 
of another Benchmark Event in respect of such reference rate, 
then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and 
consult an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) with a view to the Issuer determining 
a successor or alternative reference rate for use in place of the 
original reference rate and to determine an adjustment margin 
(if any) (in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner). If the Issuer is unable to appoint and 
consult an Independent Adviser or, following consultation with 
an Independent Adviser so appointed, it fails to determine a 
successor or alternative reference rate (as applicable), then the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable

--- Page 19 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 4 - 
70-41079910 
 
manner) is permitted to make such determinations. See 
Condition 5(b)(vi) for further information. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Zero Coupon Notes .......................... 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and redeemed at their nominal amount, 
or offered and sold at their nominal amount and redeemed at a 
premium to their nominal amount, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable), 
and will not bear interest. 
Redemption ...................................... 
The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as 
applicable) will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders or upon a Put Event. The terms of any such 
redemption, including notice periods and the relevant 
redemption dates and prices will be indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable), and in 
the case of any relevant conditions to be satisfied, will be 
specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as 
applicable). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See 
"Certain Restrictions and Approvals: Notes having a maturity 
of less than one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes .................... 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions and Approvals: Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year" above. Notes issued and to be listed on a 
regulated market pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation shall 
have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation............................................ 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Relevant Jurisdiction to the extent provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts 
to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge................................ 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge).

--- Page 20 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 5 - 
70-41079910 
 
Cross Default .................................... 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes............................ 
The Notes and any related Coupons are direct, general, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu, without 
any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present 
and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent 
permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' and 
depositors' rights. 
Rating ............................................... 
The Issuer's current long-term rating by Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd ("Moody's") is A3. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or may be 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as the case may be). A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to trading ...... 
Application has been made to the Euronext Dublin for Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing 
on the Official List and traded on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. 
Application may be made to the UK FCA for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the FCA 
Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for such Notes 
to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's main 
market on an issue-by-issue basis. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as 
applicable) will state on which stock exchanges and/or markets 
the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Governing Law ................................. 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions  ......................... 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA, Canada, 
Nigeria, Hong Kong, Singapore, South Africa, Switzerland, the 
United Arab Emirates (excluding Dubai International Financial 
Centre), Dubai International Financial Centre, Qatar, Bahrain, 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 21 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 6 - 
70-41079910 
 
United States Selling Restrictions .... 
Regulation S (Category 2), Rule 144A and Section 4(a)(2). 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with rules identical 
to those provided in: (a) U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) or substantially identical successor provisions 
("TEFRA D"), or (b) U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or substantially identical successor provisions 
("TEFRA C"), such that the Bearer Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under section 4701(b) of the 
Code, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus (as applicable). Such rules impose certain additional 
restrictions on transfers of the Bearer Notes. See "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 22 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 7 - 
70-41079910 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investment in the Notes involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should carefully review this entire 
Base Prospectus and, in particular, should consider all the risks inherent in making such an investment, 
including the risk factors set forth below, before making a decision to invest. The risks highlighted below 
(individually or in aggregate) could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's business, results 
of operations and financial condition, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Corporation's ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes issued 
under the Programme. In addition, the value of the Notes could decline due to any of these risks, and 
investors in the Notes may lose some or all of their investment. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks described below are not the only risks that the Corporation 
may face. These are the risks that the Corporation currently considers to be material. There may be 
additional risks that the Corporation currently considers to be immaterial or of which the Corporation is 
currently unaware, and any of these risks could have similar effects to those set forth below. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Risks relating to the Corporation and its jurisdictions of operation 
The Corporation may be negatively affected by significant political, legal, regulatory and social 
uncertainties in its jurisdictions of operation. 
The Corporation is exposed to the political, legal, regulatory and social environment of its Member 
Countries and the countries in which it has investment interests. A significant portion of the Corporation's 
investment operations are conducted in Africa. Any exposure that the Corporation has outside Africa is 
restricted to the investment of its liquid assets with international banks and funds under management, 
pending deployment of such funds for use in infrastructure projects in Africa, in accordance with the 
Corporation's mandate. Since the Corporation's inception, countries in which it had investment interests 
have included Nigeria, the Arab Republic of Egypt ("Egypt"), Benin, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Chad, 
Congo-Brazzaville, Côte d'Ivoire, Djibouti, the DRC, Eritrea, the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia 
("Ethiopia"), Gabon, Ghana, Guinea-Conakry, Kenya, Liberia, Morocco, Malawi, Mauritius, 
Mozambique, Namibia, the Republic of Angola ("Angola"), Republic of Botswana ("Botswana"), the 
Republic of Cameroon ("Cameroon"), the Republic of South Africa ("South Africa"), Republic of Tunisia 
("Tunisia"), Rwanda, Senegal, Uganda, the United Republic of Tanzania ("Tanzania"), Zambia, 
Zimbabwe, the United Kingdom, the United States, Japan, the United Arab Emirates and the Netherlands. 
See "Description of the Corporation—Lending—Loans by Geography" for the countries in which the 
Corporation had investment interests as at 30 June 2024. The Corporation's business involves a high degree 
of risk which, despite a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation, it may not be able 
to overcome. These risks include instability in political or financial systems, changes in government policy, 
the creation of new laws, labour unrest, uncertainty arising from underdeveloped legal and regulatory 
systems, corruption, civil strife, war, hostilities, armed conflict, guerrilla activities, terrorism, infectious 
diseases and other disease outbreaks such as Mpox and new variants of COVID-19. 
The Corporation's business and operations are susceptible to both weaker legal institutions and more 
complex and costly regulatory and governmental processes in Africa. Entities operating in developing 
economies face regulatory environments that are, on average, less business-friendly than economies 
classified as "high-income" by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The legal 
framework with respect to private investment and private property in some countries in Africa is at a 
relatively early stage of development compared to countries with established market economies. In 
addition, the judicial systems of these countries may not be regarded as fully independent of outside social, 
economic and political forces, and therefore court decisions may be difficult to predict. Future legislative 
developments could have a negative impact on the Corporation's business, results of operations and 
financial condition. Therefore, the Corporation's clients may, for example, face higher costs and more 
bureaucratic procedures to register to do business, to obtain construction permits and register or secure 
property. Additionally, these problems will not only result in higher costs and commitments of time to deal 
with governmental bureaucracy, but the Corporation will also be faced with weaker laws relating to 
enforcement of arrangements regarding collateral and weaker institutions such as courts, credit bureaus and 
collateral registries. Structural reforms are still needed in many sectors in many of the countries in which 
the Corporation has investment interests. While the energy and agriculture sectors are in need of such 
reforms, most reforms concern labour and product markets.

--- Page 23 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 8 - 
70-41079910 
 
In addition, some of these countries will also require significant investment in infrastructure. Infrastructure 
project financing has come under pressure due to the slowdown in global economic activity, as a result of 
the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and global inflationary pressures and consequent 
interest rate rises. While actual construction was not significantly affected and the situation has improved 
since 2021, three force majeure notices were delivered by engineering, procurement and construction 
("EPC") contractors for projects under construction in Cameroon, Rwanda and Togo and some of the 
Corporation's projects were affected by supply chain disruption. For new projects, inflationary pressures 
have led to larger contingency funding budgets. See "—The outbreak of communicable diseases around 
the world, in particular successive variants of the COVID-19 pandemic, could lead to higher volatility in 
the global economy and capital markets, which may materially and adversely affect the Corporation's 
business, financial condition and results of operations." 
In many of the jurisdictions in which the Corporation operates, there is a history of civil and political 
conflict, including civil war and government change by coup d'état. See also "—Militant activity and 
terrorism in certain of the jurisdictions in which the Corporation operates may impact its business" below. 
The Corporation's operations could be negatively impacted if any of its Member Countries or the countries 
in which it has investment interests experience a period of social and political unrest. For instance, the coup 
in Gabon in August 2023 raised concerns for the Corporation given its substantial investments in Gabon, 
including stakes in the NKOK Special Economic Zone, Leon MBA International Airport, Owendo Mineral 
Ports and Nouvelle Gabon Mining. Despite the political turmoil, however, the Corporation's operations in 
the country remain uninterrupted, underscoring the importance of both the strategic investments to the 
country and Gabon’s membership in the Corporation which confers vital immunities and privileges to the 
Corporation. 
The region's operating environment remains one of the most difficult in the world because of the above 
described risks. All or any one of these risks could cause any of the Corporation's investments to fail, which 
could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Corporation's growth strategy and performance is dependent on identifying appropriate investments 
in its target markets as well as the availability of external financing and capital. Failure to identify such 
investments or financing could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's business, results of 
operations or financial condition. 
The Corporation commenced operations in 2007 and, as at 30 June 2024, its total assets amounted to 
U.S.$12.2 billion (U.S.$12.3 billion as at 31 December 2023, U.S.$10.5 billion as at 31 December 2022 
and U.S.$8.6 billion as at 31 December 2021). Whilst the Corporation has achieved its five-year strategic 
plan (2019-2023) of growing its total assets to $10.0 billion by 2023, continued growth of the Corporation's 
asset portfolio and its ability to raise capital in line with its newly established five-year strategic plan (2024-
2028) of growing its balance sheet to U.S.$20.0 billion by 2028 is contingent upon the Corporation finding 
appropriate investments to finance in its target markets. See "Description of the Corporation—Strategy—
Grow balance sheet through the expansion of geographical presence and products". The Corporation 
spends time and resources developing projects to create potentially viable investment opportunities. 
However, the Corporation may not succeed in creating such opportunities, or such opportunities may not 
always result in an investment by the Corporation, which would result in the loss of any time or resources 
expended in identifying and developing the opportunity. Over the last three years, the Corporation's loans 
and advances to other customers' portfolio, which represents its "core" investing operations portfolio in 
Africa, has grown by a CAGR of 19.9% over the period spanning 2021 to 2023, standing at U.S.$4.3 billion, 
U.S.$3.6 billion and U.S.$3.0 billion as at 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively (calculated for 
the compounding period 2021 – 2023 as the percentage of the square root of the end value divided by the 
beginning value minus one). As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's loans and advances to other customers' 
portfolio increased to U.S.$4.8 billion, representing 39% of its total assets, compared to U.S.$4.3 billion 
and 34.7%, respectively, as at 31 December 2023. In addition, a deterioration in the performance of the 
African economies in which it operates could affect the demand for projects, infrastructure and investments, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of 
the Corporation.  
The Corporation has thus far obtained financing for the growth of its portfolio from its paid-up share capital 
and borrowings from the international loan market (bilateral syndicated loans, club loans and repurchase 
agreements), issuance of debt securities in the international capital markets and loans from a number of 
development finance institutions ("DFIs"). The Corporation relies on the wholesale funding market for its 
funding as it is not a deposit-taking institution. As part of strengthening its capital base, the Corporation

--- Page 24 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 9 - 
70-41079910 
 
implemented a callable capital structure in 2020, pursuant to which the Corporation has issued callable 
capital to some shareholders. In 2021, Togo subscribed to U.S. $15.0 million callable capital in the 
Corporation and in 2022, Sierra Leone subscribed to U.S.$8.0 million callable capital in the Corporation. 
In addition, in 2023, Benin and Botswana each subscribed to U.S.$8.0 million callable capital in the 
Corporation and in the first half of 2024, the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe subscribed to U.S.$4.0 million 
callable capital in the Corporation. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's outstanding callable capital 
subscribed by shareholders amounted to U.S.$43.0 million. There is, however, no guarantee that existing 
shareholders or prospective shareholders will agree to participate in the Corporation's callable capital 
structure or be able to meet their payable and callable capital obligations to the Corporation even if they 
agree to take part in the callable capital structure. See "—Member Countries and existing shareholders 
have a low ability to support the Corporation, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Corporation's operations if a capital request were initiated" below. If the Corporation requires additional 
capital to implement its growth strategy, it may have to find new public or private shareholders. For 
instance, as part of its capital raise strategy, the Corporation plans to onboard certain non-regional 
shareholders to become shareholders in the Corporation. Under this plan, Türkiye İhracat Kredi Bankası 
A.Ş ("Turk Eximbank") became the Corporation's first non-regional shareholder in 2023 following Turk 
Eximbank's U.S.$110.0 million equity investment in the Corporation. However, there can be no assurance 
that the Corporation will be successful in securing financing from non-regional shareholders. 
The Corporation expects to continue to finance additional development projects through borrowing from 
international banks and the issuance of debt securities in the international capital markets. The use of these 
sources of external financing could increase the Corporation's leverage and funding costs. The Corporation 
often seeks to match the duration of its assets and liabilities, which results in the Corporation's borrowings 
having various maturities. Commercial funding sources have historically provided funding to the 
Corporation with maturities of one to three years, while DFIs have provided longer term funding of up to 
15 years. The Corporation continually seeks to lengthen the maturity profile of its liabilities as longer-term 
project finance loans become increasingly important in its asset portfolio. Longer term financing is used to 
match the relatively long tenors of loans in the loan portfolio, while shorter-term financing is used to match 
shorter-term assets, such as the trade finance portfolio. Despite the Corporation's efforts to minimise 
maturity mismatches between assets and liabilities, there can be no assurance that maturity mismatches will 
not occur. See "—The Corporation may be subject to liquidity risk" below. 
The Corporation's fundraising may also be affected by changes in rating agencies' and market professionals' 
assessment of it. Credit ratings are based upon information furnished by the Corporation or obtained from 
independent sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agencies at any 
time. On 24 September 2024, Moody’s affirmed the Corporation's long-term issuer rating at A3 and 
changed its outlook to stable from negative whilst also affirming the short-term issuer rating at P-2. The 
stable outlook reflects Moody’s assessment that the Corporation will be able to maintain stable or 
improving leverage and that its asset performance track record will be preserved. According to Moody's, 
the Corporation's improved leverage outlook compared to trends up to 2021 reflects its strong equity raising 
strategy having exceeded its target of raising U.S.$1 billion between 2019 to 2023, and its plan to continue 
raising equity capital during 2024 to 2028. See "Description of the Corporation—Strategy—Grow balance 
sheet through the expansion of geographical presence and products".  Furthermore, according to Moody's, 
the Corporation's asset performance has been resilient despite increased country risk in several of the 
Corporation's Member Countries, including Nigeria (Caa1 positive), Egypt (Caa1 positive), Senegal (Ba3 
stable), Ghana (Ca stable) and Gabon (Caa1 stable). Furthermore, in July 2024, Kenya was downgraded by 
Moody's from B3 to Caa1 whilst affirming its outlook to negative. A downgrade in the credit ratings 
assigned to the Corporation or any of its Member Countries, or negative assessments made by market 
professionals in respect of the Corporation, could have an adverse effect on its business, results of 
operations and financial condition, including through increased funding costs and/or increased difficulty in 
raising funds, the termination or cancellation of existing agreements, and the need to provide additional 
collateral in connection with derivatives transactions. 
The Corporation's ability to borrow from other financial institutions, to issue securities in the international 
capital markets or otherwise to obtain funding for transactions on favourable terms, or at all, could be 
adversely affected by adverse financial and economic market conditions, disruption in international capital 
markets or deteriorating investor sentiment. If the Corporation is unable at any time to obtain financing on 
acceptable terms to comply with its investment strategy and to meet ongoing liquidity requirements, it may 
not be able to pursue investment opportunities as planned or meet its growth targets and its business, results 
of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 25 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 10 - 
70-41079910 
 
Any delays to, or failure to successfully implement the Corporation's strategic plan could have a material 
adverse impact on its financial performance.  
As part of its growth strategy, the Corporation established a new five-year strategic plan that will run from 
2024 to 2028, replacing its prior five-year plan (2019-2023). Pursuant to this new strategic plan, the 
Corporation plans to grow its balance sheet to U.S.$20.0 billion by 2028. However, there is no guarantee 
that the strategic plan or specific initiatives under it will be fully implemented or achieved within the time 
frame contemplated by the Corporation, or at all. The Corporation's plan to increase its balance sheet  may 
be adversely affected by a deterioration in the economic situation of its Member Countries and in Africa 
generally given its operations and investments are principally conducted within Africa. See "—The 
Corporation's growth strategy and performance is dependent on identifying appropriate investments in its 
target markets as well as the availability of external financing and capital. Failure to identify such 
investments or financing could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's business, results of 
operations or financing condition" and "Description of the Corporation—Strategy—Grow balance sheet 
through the expansion of geographical presence and products". Furthermore, even if the Corporation 
succeeds in fully implementing its strategic plan, the Corporation may not generate revenues or yield returns 
as expected and/or may not be able to sustain profitability. The implementation of the strategic plan could 
also result in an increase in costs and expenses in excess of the Corporation's budget and/or increased credit 
risks arising from new markets, new products or new customers. In addition, any delays in implementing 
the Corporation's strategic initiatives, could divert the attention of its management, result in additional 
expense, prevent the Corporation from pursuing other initiatives or, ultimately, prevent the Corporation 
from realising the anticipated benefits of its strategic plan, which could adversely affect the Corporation’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Corporation may be materially adversely affected by economic instability and adverse business 
and operating conditions in the markets in which it conducts its investment operations. 
A significant portion of the Corporation's investment operations are conducted in Africa and the Member 
Countries of the Corporation are countries in Africa, with the majority currently located in West Africa. All 
of the Corporation's Member Countries are considered emerging market economies. Any exposure that the 
Corporation has outside Africa is restricted to the investment of its liquid assets with international banks 
and funds under management, pending deployment of such funds for use in infrastructure projects in Africa. 
See "Description of the Corporation—Lending". African economies have historically experienced 
significant volatility characterised by slow or negative growth, significant inflation, weak fiscal and 
monetary policies, low foreign currency reserves, high external debts and debt distress, currency 
depreciation, political uncertainty, declining investments, government and private sector debt defaults, high 
taxes, nationalisation issues, skilled labour shortages, inadequate legislation and bureaucratic red tape. For 
instance, as at September 2023, 5% of the Corporation's portfolio was in African countries classified by the 
International Monetary Fund (the "IMF") as debt distressed countries and 13% was in countries classified 
as having a probability of debt distress. In addition, African economies are often overly dependent on 
commodity exports, for example, Zambia is highly dependent on copper exports, Nigeria and Angola are 
highly dependent on oil exports and Ghana is highly dependent on oil exports, gold and cocoa exports. As 
a result, African economies are highly susceptible to global economic changes, such as fluctuations in 
commodity prices, U.S. dollar interest and exchange rate movements and the demand for commodities by 
developed and emerging market economies. This could adversely impact the quality of the Corporation's 
loan portfolio if borrowers suffer negative impacts from certain global economic changes that affect their 
creditworthiness and loan repayment abilities. Adverse trends in global commodity prices often put a strain 
on the fiscal position and balance of payments of African economies that are heavily dependent on 
commodity exports. This, in turn, puts severe pressure on the currencies of the countries that are heavily 
dependent on commodity exports. 
A depreciation of the local currencies of African countries and shortage of availability of foreign currency 
could put pressure on the Corporation's borrowers that earn local currency cash flows and negatively impact 
their ability to service their obligations to the Corporation, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Corporation's business, results of operations and financial condition. While the Corporation manages 
its currency risk exposures by seeking to lend mostly in hard currency to entities that have some form of 
foreign currency cash flows or entities whose local currency revenue may be adjusted upwards to account 
for local currency depreciation, the Corporation may also lend to entities that earn local currency cash flows 
without any form of exchange rate adjustment mechanism. In such a situation, the Corporation may be 
indirectly exposed to the risk of local currency depreciation (if the borrowers are unable to hedge their 
inherent currency risk) in addition to the risk of foreign currency unavailability. Foreign currency

--- Page 26 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 11 - 
70-41079910 
 
availability risk has been experienced recently by the Corporation's borrowers who earn local currency 
revenues in Nigeria and have an obligation to service foreign currency debts. While none of the borrowers 
have defaulted on their payment obligations to the Corporation, the difficulty they have experienced in 
accessing foreign currency in a timely manner and the recent depreciation of the local currency has made 
it challenging for such borrowers to service their payment obligations. See "―The Corporation could be 
adversely affected by non-performing loans, other impaired investments and realised losses on its 
investments" below. A severe currency crisis that lingers for a long time in any of the countries where the 
Corporation operates could therefore have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
In addition, certain emerging market economies have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by 
market downturns and economic slowdowns elsewhere in the world. For example, the growth of the 
Chinese economy has slowed down in recent years, which has led to a reduction in Chinese investment in 
Africa and demand for African commodities exports. As has happened in the past, financial problems 
outside countries with emerging or developing economies or an increase in the perceived risks associated 
with investing in such economies could dampen foreign investment in and adversely affect the economies 
of these countries. Political and economic instability in Africa has resulted in a lower level of foreign direct 
investment in Africa compared to other regions in the world. See "—The Corporation may be negatively 
affected by significant political, legal, regulatory and social uncertainties in its jurisdictions of operation" 
above. For example, disruptions in the international capital markets could lead to reduced liquidity and 
increased credit risk premiums for certain market participants and could result in a reduction of available 
financing. Entities located in countries in the emerging markets may be particularly susceptible to these 
disruptions and reductions in the availability of credit or increases in financing costs, which could result in 
them experiencing financial difficulty. 
The current hostilities in Ukraine and the resulting sanctions imposed on Russia by various countries around 
the world may have unforeseen, long-term and far-reaching consequences for the global economy and the 
individual economies of countries to which the Corporation may be directly or indirectly exposed. 
Throughout 2021, the Russian military build-up on the border of Ukraine contributed to escalated tensions 
between Russia and Ukraine and strained bilateral relations. On 21 February 2022, Russia recognised the 
independence of the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic and the so-called Luhansk People’s Republic 
within Ukraine and, on 24 February 2022, deployed Russian military personnel and equipment into these 
regions and the wider Ukrainian territory on the basis of a purported special military operation to 
demilitarise Ukraine. In response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United States, the European Union, 
the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan and Australia, among others, condemned Russia’s actions and imposed 
a range of economic sanctions and other restrictions (such as export and import bans) targeting the Russian 
and Belarussian states, as well as certain state-owned entities and individuals. On 7 October 2023, Hamas, 
the political and military entity controlling Gaza, launched an attack on several Israeli communities. In 
response, the government of Israel declared war on Hamas and initiated an aerial bombardment of various 
targets within Gaza. Since then, al-Houthi rebels have continued to attack commercial shipping transiting 
the Red Sea trade route. The scale, duration and impact of this conflict on the region and any global effects 
cannot be predicted with any certainty.  
The above-mentioned ongoing geopolitical conflicts have had significant impact on the international capital 
markets and investor sentiment, as well as resulted in sharp fluctuations in commodity prices (including 
wheat, oil and gas). In particular, the interruption and/or limitation in the supply of certain agricultural 
commodities (such as wheat) and natural resources (such as oil and gas) used in manufacturing processes 
and/or which form a fundamental component in important industrial products (such as fertilisers) could 
have an adverse impact on the agricultural sector globally, on the specific agricultural export jurisdictions 
to which the Corporation is exposed and on individual agribusiness trade finance counterparties. Supply 
bottlenecks and price hikes in the steel industry may also result in construction time and cost overruns for 
infrastructure projects financed by the Corporation. Such consequences could have a negative impact on 
the performance of the Corporation's portfolio and more generally the Corporation's ability to implement 
its investment policy. Despite the Corporation having no relationship with Ukraine or Russia, the ongoing 
geopolitical tensions related to the conflict in Ukraine, as well as any escalations of the conflict and related 
economic or other sanctions, could continue to negatively affect global macroeconomic conditions, 
including the economies that the Corporation operates in, and in turn have a material adverse effect on the 
Corporation's business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 27 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 12 - 
70-41079910 
 
Oil prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to changes in the supply of and demand for oil 
and the Corporation operates in markets that are highly dependent on oil revenue 
Crude oil prices are subject to wide fluctuations as the prices can be impacted by local and international 
supply and demand fundamentals and other factors over which the Corporation has no control. Worldwide 
supply conditions and the price levels of crude oil may be significantly influenced by general economic 
conditions, industry inventory levels, technology advancements, production quotas or other actions that 
might be imposed by international associations that control the production of a significant proportion of the 
worldwide supply of crude oil. For example, in 2022, oil prices reached their highest levels since September 
2014, due primarily to the Russian invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022. According to the Organisation 
of the Petroleum Exporting Countries' basket price, the average oil price (Brent crude) was U.S.$100.08 
and U.S.$82.95 per barrel in 2022 and 2023, respectively.  In January 2024, the EIA forecasted the average 
oil price (Brent crude) to be U.S.$82.0 and U.S.$79.0 per barrel, in 2024 and 2025, respectively. Nigeria is 
a market in which the Corporation conducts a significant portion of its investment operations. Although 
Nigeria is a crude oil exporter, Nigeria depends almost entirely on imports to meet its domestic fuel needs. 
The Nigerian government subsidises the cost of fuel, costing up to an estimated U.S.$7.0 billion per year 
in revenues. In January 2022, the Nigerian government extended its fuel subsidy programme for another 
18 months, the cost of which has increased in conjunction with the recent increase in oil prices. However, 
at his inauguration in May 2023, President Bola Ahmed Tinubu announced the end of the fuel subsidy 
programme. The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation Limited ("NNPC") subsequently adjusted pump 
prices of fuel across the country, confirming the cancellation of the fuel subsidy programme. However, 
there is no guarantee that the cancellation of the fuel subsidy programme will be maintained and not 
reinstated in the future. The continuation or escalation of the war in Ukraine and international sanctions 
against Russia as well as other geopolitical events could lead to further volatility in oil and gas prices in the 
future, and could have a material adverse effect on markets, like Nigeria, in which the Corporation operates. 
Historically, decreases in the price of crude oil have put a strain on the fiscal position and the local currency 
of Nigeria. In June 2023, the Central Bank of Nigeria ("CBN") announced the unification and collapse of 
all previous existing segments of the Nigerian foreign exchange market into the Investors & Exporters 
window. The unification signalled a shift towards a market-driven exchange rate system. 
14.8% of the Corporation's loan portfolio are in the oil and gas (upstream) sectors as at 30 June 2024 
compounded to 12.7% as at 31 December 2023. The Corporation is therefore exposed to and must 
effectively manage volatility in oil prices. While the recent increase in oil prices has led to an increase in 
revenue, a future collapse in oil prices could lead to liquidity issues, reduced tax revenues and currency 
pressures for Africa's major oil exporters, Angola, Cameroon, Gabon, Congo-Brazzaville and Nigeria. A 
decrease in oil prices could be expected, at a minimum, to reduce the Nigerian Government's foreign 
exchange earnings and infrastructure spending. A failure of oil prices to quickly recover from a downward 
trend could adversely impact the Nigerian economy and the economies of Africa's other net oil exporters 
and could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Unlike other regulated financial institutions, the Corporation is not subject to external regulatory 
oversight. 
The Corporation is a multilateral development financial institution established by the Establishment 
Agreement and is not subject to external regulatory oversight. The Establishment Agreement has the status 
of a treaty under public international law and the Corporation is a creation of, and subject to, public 
international law. The Corporation's existence, powers, privileges, immunities, liabilities and operations 
are subject to and governed by the Establishment Agreement. The Corporation is not subject to regulation 
by any state. Accordingly, while the Corporation has established prudential policies and procedures to 
govern its internal operations in accordance with international standards, such as Basel II and III (for capital 
adequacy and liquidity), IFRS (for accounting) and international best practices (for corporate governance), 
the operations of the Corporation are not subject to external regulatory oversight, unlike other regulated 
financial institutions. There can be no assurance, in the absence of an independent regulatory or supervisory 
authority, that the Corporation will maintain its current capital adequacy and liquidity framework and/or 
adhere to its internal requirements. Failure to adhere to the current framework or changes to it could lead 
to negative market perceptions of the Corporation, which could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 28 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 13 - 
70-41079910 
 
The Corporation is exposed to credit risks arising from its lending activities and its risk management 
strategies may not adequately address unidentified or unanticipated risks. 
As a multilateral development financial institution established by treaty, the Corporation is required under 
its Establishment Agreement to finance infrastructure, trade and development transactions in Africa. Its 
exposure to counterparties outside Africa is restricted to the investment of its liquid assets with international 
banks and funds under management, pending deployment of such funds for use in infrastructure projects in 
Africa. As a result, the Corporation's loans to other customers' portfolio, which represents its "core" 
investing operations portfolio, is geographically concentrated and therefore vulnerable to any potential 
deterioration in economic conditions in Africa, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Corporation's business, results of operations and financial condition. For instance, changes in economic 
conditions may result in the deterioration of the value of the collateral held by the Corporation and increase 
the risk of loss in the event of a default by the Corporation's borrowers. As at 30 June 2024, only 90% of 
the Corporation's project finance loans and 83% of its trade finance loans (which comprise its loans and 
advances to other customers' portfolio) were secured by collateral. 
In addition, as the Corporation focuses on investing in infrastructure, its asset portfolio includes and is 
likely to continue to include concentrations in certain specific sectors. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's 
loan portfolio had U.S.$5.1 billion outstanding in loans and advances to other customers and hybrid 
instruments: convertible debt (U.S.$4.6 billion as at 31 December 2023). This amount was distributed to a 
total of 78 customers, of which 28.2% was to customers in the natural resources sector (oil and gas and 
mining), 12.8% was to customers in the financial institutions sector, 19.2% was to customers in the heavy 
industry and telecommunications sectors, 16.7% was to customers in the power sector, 9.0% was to 
sovereign customers and 14.1% was to customers in the transport sector. As at 30 June 2024, the 
Corporation's geographical exposures to non-bank customers were as follows: Angola at 4.2%, Botswana 
at 0.9%, Cameroun at 1.8%, Chad at 0.6%,  Côte d'Ivoire at 7.5%, DRC at 4.0%, Egypt at 9.0%, Gabon at 
2.8%, Ghana at 3.9%, Guinea Conakry at 2.4%, Kenya at 0.2%, Liberia at 0.9%, Mauritania at 4.0%, 
Mozambique at 1.0%, Nigeria at 29.2%, Congo-Brazzaville at 0.3%, Rwanda at 3.2%, Senegal at 10.7%, 
Sierra Leone at 1.4%, South Africa at 4.3%, Tanzania at 1.3%, Togo at 0.7%, Tunisia at 1.1%, Uganda at 
0.1% and other exposures of 4.4% to customers with operations in various countries. As at 30 June 2024, 
the ten largest outstanding loans to non-bank customers accounted for 38.5% of its loans and advances to 
other customers and hybrid instruments portfolio. Out of the ten largest outstanding exposures, the main 
exposures were to the power sector at 30.0%, the heavy industry sector at 27.5% and the transport sector at 
27.1%. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's infrastructure asset portfolio amounted to 79.4% of its loans 
to customers (2023: 77.8%, 2022: 79.0% and 2021: 78.0%) and 20.6% of its equity investments (2023: 
22.2%, 2022: 21.0% and 2021: 22.0%). 
The Corporation's exposure to the financial institutions sector has historically been, and remains, high, 
because the Corporation's financing is primarily focused on infrastructure projects, which have long lead 
and closure times. Therefore, the Corporation places funds in the money market. Upon evaluation and 
subsequent approval, the Corporation then deploys the designated funds to its core investment projects. To 
comply with the Corporation's liquidity requirements, it maintains a significant amount of cash in money 
market placements and other liquid assets. See "—The Corporation may be subject to liquidity risk" below. 
The Corporation also purchases medium term Eurobonds issued by financial institutions. The Corporation 
assumes direct credit risk on all transactions with financial institutions and is thus potentially exposed to 
both counterparty and regulatory risk in certain of the Corporation's countries of operations. As at 30 June 
2024, 12.0% of the Corporation's loans portfolio comprised placements with banks outside of Africa. The 
remaining 88.0% of the loan portfolio comprised placements with banks in Africa and loans and advances 
to other customers. As at 31 December 2023, 18.4% of the Corporation's loans portfolio comprised 
placements with banks outside of Africa. The remaining 81.6% of the loan portfolio comprised placements 
with banks in Africa and loans and advances to other customers. Loans and advances to banks are comprised 
of short-term money market placements held for liquidity purposes and loans to other customers made to 
non-bank customers to finance projects within the Corporation's focus sectors and trade finance transactions 
in Africa. 
These concentrations could result in an adverse impact on the business, results of operations and financial 
condition of the Corporation if short-term economic changes affect its clients in the business sectors or 
countries to which its asset portfolio is exposed, including potential difficulties in loan repayment and 
collection, with a potential for credit losses arising from these investments. The Corporation provides 
financing to entities in the Natural Resources (Oil and Gas and Mining) sector. While entities in the Natural 
Resources sector often earn foreign currency revenues and are therefore not exposed to the risk of local

--- Page 29 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 14 - 
70-41079910 
 
currency depreciation, a sharp drop in the global prices of commodities negatively impacts their cash flows 
and revenues. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation had 15.3% of its total loans allocated to the natural 
resources sector (split into 9.1% to oil and gas (upstream) and 6.3% to oil and gas (downstream and mining)) 
compared to 12.7% of its total loans allocated to the natural resources sector (split into 9.2% to oil and gas 
(upstream) and 3.4% to oil and gas (downstream and mining)) as at 31 December 2023. 
Global crude oil prices are generally volatile, and that trend has continued in the recent years. In 2022, 
crude oil prices reached their highest levels since September 2014 with an annual average price (Brent 
crude) of U.S.$100.08 (due primarily to the Russian invasion of Ukraine), before declining in 2023 to 
U.S.$82.95 per barrel. In January 2024, the EIA has forecasted the average oil price (Brent crude) per barrel 
to be U.S.$82.0 and U.S.$79.0 for the years 2024 and 2025, respectively. See also "—The Corporation 
could be adversely affected by non-performing loans, other impaired investments and realised losses on its 
investments" below and "Risk Management—Credit Risk—Credit Quality Analysis—Credit Rating of 
Counterparty/Obligor". Some of the Corporation's obligors in the upstream oil and gas sector also have 
hedges in place to manage their exposure to commodity price risk and these hedges have protected them 
from the recent drop in oil price and enhanced their profitability and ability to service their payment 
obligations. However, in instances where borrowers do not have hedges in place, the Corporation believes 
that if oil prices continue to drop or remain low for an extended period of time, these borrowers may begin 
to experience difficulties in servicing their payment obligations. While, in order to avoid potential credit 
deteriorations, the Corporation proactively engages in discussions with such borrowers with a view to 
potentially amend the repayment profile of the loans and to also ensure such borrowers put in place 
appropriate hedges to manage the risk of a fall in oil prices, there can be no guarantee such hedges will 
prevent the materialisation of such a risk. As at 30 June 2024, the total value of upstream oil and gas 
exposures with a crude oil price hedge in the Corporation's portfolio was U.S.$338.0 million, representing 
5.7% of the Corporation's loan portfolio, while the total value of upstream oil and gas exposures with a 
crude oil price hedge in the Corporation's portfolio as at 31 December 2023 was U.S.$357.5 million, 
representing 6.0% of its loan portfolio. 
Furthermore, the Corporation provides guarantees as a form of credit to its customers and, as a result, is 
also exposed to counterparty risk and other risks associated with such guarantees including risks related to 
the inability or unwillingness of a borrower to repay. In September 2024, the Corporation provided 
guarantees to the Bank of Industry ("BOI") in support of its new EUR 1.4 billion syndicated loan facility 
(with an accordion of up to EUR 1.0 billion). While the Corporation aims to mitigate its risk exposure 
through corresponding counter guarantees (for instance, the Corporation's guarantee to BOI is backed by a 
corresponding counter guarantee to the Corporation from the CBN), there is no assurance that it will be 
able to secure appropriate counter guarantees for all its guarantees to customers or that it will be successful 
in claiming under such counter guarantees. 
While the Corporation makes use of standard credit risk management techniques and strategies, including 
adherence to a broad range of limits for counterparties, corporations, industries and countries, conducting 
a due diligence process for each investment as part of its investment appraisal process, as well as IFRS 
compliant provisioning procedures and policies, there is no assurance that these techniques will prove 
sufficient to adequately mitigate credit risks inherent to its operations. As a result, the Corporation is 
potentially subject to credit risk and earnings volatility, which could materially adversely affect its business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Corporation could be adversely affected by non-performing loans, other impaired investments and 
realised losses on its investments. 
The Corporation is exposed to credit risk relating to its loans and investments. If the financial condition of 
its obligors were to deteriorate as a result of changes in economic conditions or other factors, the value of 
assets held by the Corporation may deteriorate or be extinguished. In addition, as the Corporation continues 
to grow its balance sheet as part of its growth strategy, the asset quality of its loans and investments may 
deteriorate, which could lead to the incurrence of non-performing loans, other impaired investments and 
realised losses on its investments. See "—The Corporation is exposed to credit risks arising from its lending 
activities and its risk management strategies may not adequately address unidentified or unanticipated 
risks" above. 
While the Corporation has credit risk management policies in place to limit non-performing loans and other 
impaired investments, see "Risk Management—Investment Approval Process", the Corporation's non-
performing loans, other impaired investments, realised losses on its investments, related credit costs and

--- Page 30 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 15 - 
70-41079910 
 
other costs could increase. This increase could occur if, among other things, the global economic 
environment deteriorates or economic conditions in the jurisdictions in which it operates deteriorate, its 
borrowers become insolvent, or face financial difficulties, require debt forgiveness or other debt relief 
arrangements to be made with regard to their debt, equity investments fail to make expected returns, project 
finance projects take longer to complete, the quality of its loan portfolio is adversely affected by other 
factors to an extent that is worse than anticipated, or corporate credibility issues among large-scale 
borrowers surface. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation had two non-performing loans, namely: (i) of U.S.$93.5 million to an 
upstream oil and gas company, Aiteo Exploration and Production Co. Limited; and (ii) of U.S.$31.8 million 
to Carbon Holdings, a mid-to-downstream petrochemical developer and operator operating in Egypt, both 
of which are at advanced stages of restructuring negotiations. The non-performing loans comprised 2.5 % 
of the Corporation's gross loans to other customers' portfolio and 13.0% and 3.7% of the Corporation's 
gross loans to other customers' portfolio in the natural resources and heavy industry sectors, respectively. 
There can be no assurance that changes in the credit quality of the Corporation's clients and counterparties 
or arising from systematic risk in the financial system will not reduce the value of the Corporation's assets 
and necessitate impairment provisions. The Corporation made impairment provisions of U.S.$64.8 million 
in 2023 (2022: U.S.$50.7 million, 2021: U.S.$39.5 million) representing the specific impairment charge 
for the non-performing loans and a collective loan loss reserve against all debt exposures, which includes 
loans and debt securities, on the Corporation's balance sheet. The Corporation's non-performing loans ratio 
and loan loss reserve ratio was 2.0% and 4.3%, respectively, for the six months ended 30 June 2024, and 
2.0% and 3.9%, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2023. While the Corporation has not made 
any new impairments of its equity investments in 2023 and for the first half of 2024, there is no assurance 
that the Corporation will not make future equity investments that may deteriorate in value, as nearly all the 
Corporation's equity investments are unlisted, and therefore their market value is not easily determined. See 
"Description of the Corporation—Investments—Equity Portfolio". 
As at 30 June 2024, 5.7% of the Corporation's loans to other customers' portfolio, which represents its 
"core" investing operations portfolio in Africa, and 6.2% of the Corporation's portfolio of loans to other 
customers in the natural resources sector specifically were assigned an internal credit rating by the 
Corporation of "marginal" or "default" primarily due to its non-performing loans during the first half of 
2024. As at 31 December 2023, 31.1% of the Corporation's loans to other customers' portfolio, which 
represents its "core" investing operations portfolio in Africa, and 38.8% of the Corporation's portfolio of 
loans to other customers in the natural resources sector specifically were assigned an internal credit rating 
by the Corporation of "marginal", "special attention" or "default" primarily due to its non-performing loans 
in 2023. See "—The Corporation is exposed to credit risks arising from its lending activities and its risk 
management strategies may not adequately address unidentified or unanticipated risks" above. The amount 
was calculated using the Expected Credit Losses ("ECL") loss model in accordance with the requirements 
of IFRS 9. See note 3.1.5 to the Corporation's 2023 Financial Statements. 
There can be no assurance that the Corporation's impairment provisions will be adequate, that a number of 
risks will not crystallise and that the Corporation will not incur non-performing loans or larger impairment 
provisions in the future due to the expansion of its portfolio assets, which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. High portfolio exposure to the natural 
resources sector and pressure on commodity prices could impact the Corporation's results of operations. 
The Corporation may be subject to liquidity risk. 
The Corporation is subject to liquidity risk, or the risk of having insufficient funds due to an excessive 
disparity between collection of funds and the Corporation's repayment obligations, or of failing to raise 
sufficient funds in the event of an emergency. See "—Member Countries and existing shareholders have a 
low ability to support the Corporation, which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's 
operations if a capital request were initiated" below. Since the Corporation's obligations are not guaranteed 
or insured by any one sovereign or Member Country and the Corporation is also not a deposit-taking 
institution, the Corporation does not have a lender of last resort. 
To ensure prudent management of liquidity risk, the Corporation operates a board-approved conservative 
liquidity policy that requires it to always hold adequate stock of liquid assets to meet its net funding 
obligations or minimum liquidity level ("MLL") over a succeeding 18-month period under a business as 
usual assumption and a 12-month period under stress assumptions. Under the stress assumption, the 
Corporation makes a very conservative assumption that it will not have any inflows over the 12-month

--- Page 31 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 16 - 
70-41079910 
 
horizon and that the ratio of the stock of liquid assets to the MLL should be at least 100%. Although the 
Corporation takes measures with regard to its liquidity such as careful management of future cash flows 
and the concentration and profile of debt maturities, careful maintenance of funds it has on hand and careful 
monitoring of the stock of liquid assets against internal prudential requirements, if circumstances relating 
to liquidity unforeseen by the Corporation were to occur, its funding costs and liquidity could be materially 
adversely affected. 
Member Countries and existing shareholders have a low ability to support the Corporation, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's operations if a capital request were initiated. 
The Corporation is set up as a multilateral development financial institution with substantial private sector 
participation, where the concept of membership and shareholding are separate. See "Description of the 
Corporation—Country Membership and Shareholding". As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Nigeria, 
through the CBN, Ghana, through its Ministry of Finance and the Ghana Infrastructure Investment Fund, 
Gabon, through the Caisse des Dépots et Consignation du Gabon ("CDC Gabon"), Guinea-Conakry, 
through the Central Bank of Guinea ("BCRG"), Togo, through the Government of Togo, Mauritius, through 
the National Pension Fund of Mauritius and National Savings Fund of Mauritius, Sierra Leone, through the 
Bank of Sierra Leone, Egypt, through the Central Bank of Egypt, Cote d'Ivoire through its government, 
Benin through its Ministry of Economy and Finance, the DRC through its Ministry of Finance, Botswana 
through its Ministry of Finance, Cameroon, through the Caisse Nationale de Prévoyance Sociale, Kenya 
through the National Social Security Fund Board of Trustees (Kenya) and Zimbabwe through the Reserve 
Bank of Zimbabwe, were the only Member Countries of the Corporation that were also shareholders. 
The Corporation is currently engaging in initiatives to raise capital to diversify its shareholding and in 2019 
embarked on an equity raise programme targeted at African states and investors as well as international 
equity investors with a credit rating equal to, or higher than that of the Corporation. While the Corporation's 
start-up capital of U.S.$1.1 billion was fully paid-in by its shareholders at its inception, the Corporation's 
Member Countries do not have any contractual obligation to provide additional capital to the Corporation 
and there is no joint and several support commitments from them. The Corporation implemented a callable 
capital structure in 2020. Togo's investment of U.S.$20.0 million in 2021 consisted of U.S.$5.0 million 
paid in capital and U.S.$15.0 million callable capital and Sierra Leone's investment of U.S.$10.0 million in 
2022 consisted of U.S.$2.0 million paid in capital and U.S.$8.0 million callable capital. Both Benin and 
Botswana's investment of U.S.$10.0 million each in 2023 consisted of U.S.$2.0 million in paid capital and 
U.S.$8.0 million in callable capital. The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe's investments in the first half of 2024 
of U.S.$5.0 million consisted of U.S.$1.0 million in paid capital and U.S.$4.0 million in callable capital. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's outstanding callable capital amounted to U.S.$43.0 million. However, 
there is no guarantee that existing shareholders will agree to participate in the callable capital structure or 
be able to meet their payable and callable capital obligations to the Corporation even if they agree to take 
part in the callable capital structure. The large concentration of Nigerian shareholders could also impact the 
quality of support in case of a rating downgrade in Nigeria. Some of the Corporation's peer institutions 
(regional and other international development banks) have member countries or shareholders with higher-
weighted median credit ratings and contractual commitments to providing capital in case of solvency or 
liquidity challenges. 
In the event of a stress scenario, should the Corporation request its shareholders and/or Member Countries 
to provide more capital and such a capital request is not honoured, this could have an adverse impact on 
the Corporation's ability to pay all its liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Member Countries may take actions that will have direct or indirect adverse consequences for the 
Corporation's business or have interests that do not coincide with those of the Corporation. 
Although the Corporation is an international organisation having a legal personality separate from its 
Member Countries, the Corporation and its business operations may be affected by decisions of the Member 
Countries in their relations with other nations. These decisions may result in adverse effects on the 
Corporation and the business environment in which the Corporation and its counterparties operate, 
including the reduction or cessation of commercial activity by private counterparties as the result of 
perceived increases in operational risk, or more formal actions by countries or international organisations 
to limit or preclude business activity by their nationals or organisational participants with the Corporation 
or in the areas in which the Corporation operates.

--- Page 32 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 17 - 
70-41079910 
 
Although the Corporation has not experienced any external pressure from its Member Countries to deviate 
from its credit and investment policies and procedures, requiring them to only make decisions that are 
relevant to the Corporation's purpose, functions and operations, there is no guarantee that the Corporation 
may not experience this type of pressure in the future. Any deviation from its credit and investment policies 
and procedures as a result of such pressure could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Corporation has historically benefited from rights and immunities granted to it by its Member 
Countries; however, there can be no assurance that it will continue to do so in the future. 
The Corporation is an international organisation established by the Agreement for the Establishment of the 
Africa Finance Corporation dated 28 May 2007. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Corporation has 
43 Member Countries: Nigeria, Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Cape Verde, 
Chad, Congo-Brazzaville, Côte d'Ivoire, the DRC, Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Gabon, 
Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea-Conakry, Kenya, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, 
Mauritius, Morocco, Namibia, Niger, Rwanda, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, 
South Sudan, The Gambia, Togo, Tunisia, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe and three multilateral financial 
institution members, Africa Re, the African Development Bank and BADEA. The Establishment 
Agreement has the status of a treaty under international public law and the Corporation is the creation of, 
and subject to, international public law. Pursuant to the Establishment Agreement, the Corporation enjoys 
certain immunities, exemptions, privileges, facilities and concessions. 
In particular, under the Establishment Agreement, in the territory of the Member Countries, the Corporation 
enjoys immunities and privileges granted to international and supranational financial institutions such as 
protection of its property and assets from any form of search, seizure, expropriation, inviolability of its 
archives, and tax exemption for its assets and operations. Furthermore, the Establishment Agreement 
provides that the archives of the Corporation and in general all documents belonging to it or held by it, shall 
be inviolable. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Corporation has not experienced government 
interference and has not been subject to any violation of the foregoing privileges and immunities.  However, 
there can be no guarantee that such privileges and immunities will continue indefinitely, that the 
Corporation's assets and operations will not be affected by government intervention, that a Member Country 
would not seek to tax the Corporation, that such privileges and immunities will not be altered, or that 
changes to the government of any Member Country or other factors, such as political unrest, will not 
adversely affect the privileges and immunities granted to the Corporation. Further, there can be no assurance 
that the Member Countries will not interfere or seek to interfere with the Corporation's operations or that 
violation through unlawful or arbitrary actions by any of the Member Countries will not occur, which could 
lead to disruption in the Corporation's operations. Any alteration, suspension or violation of the 
Corporation’s immunities and privileges and/or unlawful or arbitrary government action in any Member 
Country or interference with the Corporation's activities could disrupt the Corporation’s operations and 
adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and business prospects. 
In addition, the above-mentioned accommodations provided to the Corporation by its Member Countries 
have allowed the Corporation to enjoy a preferred creditor status in Member Countries and reduced the 
effect of country risk and moratorium risk on the Corporation. Other elements of preferred creditor status, 
including (but not limited to) preferential access to foreign currency in the event of a country foreign 
exchange crisis and priority of payment in the event of government shortfalls, are not contained in a treaty, 
law or contract but reflect the relevance of the Corporation to the Member Countries and that the Member 
Countries will likely place priority on honouring commitments (including debt repayments) to the 
Corporation over other private or official creditors during times of debt distress. Accordingly, the 
Corporation believes that its exposure to the Member Countries subjects it to less risk than its commercial 
loans. However, there can be no assurance that, during a time of debt distress, the Member Countries would 
always give the Corporation priority and honour the Corporation's preferred creditor status or that the 
Corporation's preferred creditor status will not be challenged by third parties where a Member Country is 
desirous of honouring the Corporation's preferred creditor status in such situations. Any failure by the 
Member Countries to honour their commitments to the Corporation in full at the time that they come due, 
and in the absence of realisable security taken by the Corporation under the affected transactions, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.

--- Page 33 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 18 - 
70-41079910 
 
Militant activity and terrorism in certain of the jurisdictions in which the Corporation operates may 
impact its business. 
Militant activity and terrorism are major problems in certain of the jurisdictions and sectors in which the 
Corporation operates. Such acts may pose a threat to its investment activities, which could range from 
unanticipated delays in project timetables to being forced to abandon access to its assets. In recent years, 
several African countries have been subject to increasing numbers of terrorist attacks, including but not 
limited to high profile incidents over the last few years in Nigeria, Mozambique and Mali. An increase in 
the number of terrorist attacks or violent crimes, or the occurrence of a large-scale terrorist attack in Africa 
could have a negative impact on African economies and therefore the Corporation's business, results of 
operations and financial condition, if the Corporation's borrowers suffer from business disruption as a result 
of terrorist attacks. 
In Nigeria, where the Corporation has significant investment interests, militant activity is a major problem 
in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria, where a range of militant groups with differing goals operate. The 
Corporation has certain oil and gas investments in the Niger Delta. The main militant group in the region 
is the ethnic Ijaw Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ("MEND"), which claims to be 
fighting for political power for the region's residents and a redistribution of oil revenues. Since MEND 
emerged in 2006, attacks and kidnappings have made the core states of Rivers, Delta and Bayelsa 
challenging operating environments for companies, particularly for companies in the oil and gas sector, 
which have been the main target of attacks. In 2016, another militant group called the Niger Delta Avengers 
emerged, which has been destroying oil installations in the Niger Delta. The group claims to be fighting for 
a well-funded amnesty programme for the southern region of Nigeria and has indicated a willingness to 
engage in dialogue. In 2017, following a visit from the then Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, to the Niger 
Delta, militant activity in the region decreased significantly. However, the situation in the Niger Delta 
remains tense and any increase in disturbances could have an impact on oil revenue. In addition, between 
2011 and 2016, Nigeria saw an upsurge in attacks on its northeast territory by Boko Haram, an Islamic 
militia group. In April 2014, Boko Haram kidnapped 276 female students from Chibok, Borno, which 
attracted widespread international media interest and in late 2014, it began launching attacks into northern 
Cameroon, Niger and Chad. By 2016, an international coalition consisting of Nigeria, Niger, Chad and 
Cameroon appeared to have made significant progress in curbing the activities of Boko Haram, but violence 
perpetrated by Boko Haram escalated in late 2018, with multiple attacks on Nigerian, Chadian and Burkina 
Faso securities forces and military bases, as well as bombings of civilian marketplaces and renewed 
kidnappings of female and male students. In addition, since December 2020, there has been a series of mass 
school kidnappings and abductions in Northern Nigeria. On 20 April 2021, at least 23 students and staff of 
Greenfield University, Kaduna were kidnapped. On 5 July 2021, unknown gunmen kidnapped more than 
100 students from a boarding school from Bethel Baptist High School in Kaduna State. In 2022, there were 
several bandit attacks on communities in Northern Nigeria. Attacks in January 2022 on communities in 
Zamfara led to the death and displacements of indigenes. On 5 June 2022, an attack at the St. Francis Xavier 
Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo State in Southwestern Nigeria left casualties of at least 40 persons. 
Furthermore, on 7 March 2024, more than 280 pupils were reported to have been abducted from secondary 
and primary schools in the town of Kuriga in Kaduna State. 
Since late 2011, Kenya has seen an upsurge in violent terrorist attacks by Al-Shabaab. In September 2013, 
armed gunmen linked to Al-Shabaab attacked the Westgate Shopping Mall in Nairobi, Kenya, killing at 
least 67 people. In late 2014, two attacks believed to have been carried out by Al-Shabaab killed 64 persons 
in Mandera County. In April 2015, an attack by Al-Shabaab at a university in north-east Kenya left at least 
147 people, mostly students, dead and in March 2016 an attack in the Grand Bassam beach resort in the 
Côte d'Ivoire left 16 dead. In April 2017, Al-Shabaab attacked and killed eight police officers outside of 
Kibiti on the Tanzanian coast and in October 2017 an Al-Shabaab truck bomb killed 587 people in 
Mogadishu, Somalia. Al-Shabaab has also claimed responsibility for the 15 January 2019 attack on the 
DusitD2 luxury hotel in Nairobi, Kenya that left 21 dead. In January 2020, Al-Shabaab attacked a military 
airstrip in Lamu County, Kenya, killing 3 people. The Kenyan authorities also suspect Al-Shabaab terrorists 
of an attack in Lamu County, Kenya on 3 January 2022, which left 6 people dead. Furthermore, on 25 June 
2023, suspected Al-Shabab terrorists attacked two villages in south-east Kenya, which left 5 people dead 
and on 29 April 2024, 5 people were killed and another 5 injured when a bomb hidden in a donkey cart 
exploded in northeastern Kenya. 
Unless resolved by their respective governments, these conflicts, whether provoked by disagreements 
regarding the spread of oil revenue, ethnic or religious differences, may adversely affect national stability.

--- Page 34 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 19 - 
70-41079910 
 
Since 2017, there has been an insurgency in the Cabo Delgado province in Mozambique led by militants 
linked to the Islamic State group. High levels of poverty and grievances over access to land and jobs, 
including the rich offshore natural gas reserves in the region has been driving the conflict. While the 
insurgency had previously been viewed as a limited threat, there has been a surge in violence in 2020, which 
has spread into the wider region and poses a serious challenge to Mozambique security forces. In response, 
since July 2021, Mozambique's military has conducted counter-terrorism operations in the Cabo Delgado 
province with the assistance of Rwandan troops. The Southern African Development Community 
("SADC") also sent in its standby force (comprising special forces from Lesotho, Botswana, Mozambique, 
South Africa and Tanzania) to help contain the insurgency in Cabo Delgado province. However, there are 
still concerns that insurgents remain active in the area. 
In April 2023, an armed conflict erupted between rival factions of Sudan's military government, resulting 
in multiple casualties and the displacement of persons. Although diplomatic efforts are ongoing to resolve 
the conflict, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, fighting persists in some regions of Sudan, more than a 
year after the crisis began. In June 2024, a movement against controversial tax hikes proposed by the 
Kenyan government evolved into a wider campaign and demonstrations for more accountability in 
governance across the country. The demonstration which started on 18 June 2024 took a violent turn 
subsequently leading to multiple casualties. 
In addition, there has been a recent upsurge in the activities of Islamic insurgents in Africa's Sahel region. 
As a result of the civil war in neighbouring Libya, in 2012, instability in northern Mali was exploited by 
Islamic insurgents, who were able to capture the region. Even though France staged a military intervention 
in January 2013 and launched a military operation to re-capture northern Mali in July 2014, Islamic 
insurgent activity has continued in northern Mali and has expanded into Burkina Faso, Niger, Chad and 
Mauritania. France expanded its military operations over the Sahel region with the aim of helping these 
countries' governments to control their territory and to prevent the Sahel region from becoming a safe haven 
for Islamist terrorist groups. In January 2021, French and Malian forces conducted a joint offensive 
operation in the forests surrounding the town of Boni, Mali, where over 100 Islamic insurgents were killed 
and 20 were captured. Following the coups in Mali and Burkina Faso, French troops withdrew from Mali 
in 2022 and Burkina Faso and Niger in 2023. 
While neither the Corporation nor its investments are the primary targets for any such incidents, there is a 
risk that it may be singled out. The security environment in such regions is likely to remain volatile as a 
result of continuing militant activity and terrorism. In addition, in conducting its business, the Corporation 
relies on telecommunications and other financial infrastructure. Any potential future terrorist or other attack 
or catastrophic event on the elements of the global financial infrastructure may have a material adverse 
effect on the Corporation, regardless of where any such attack or catastrophic event may occur. As the 
Corporation typically obtains collateral for its loans, a terrorist or similar attack, vandalism, or the 
occurrence of any natural disaster, affecting the collateral for any loan made by the Corporation, could 
adversely affect the value of such collateral. If the Corporation, its employees or its investments are the 
subject of any attacks, kidnappings or other security threats, such an event could have a material adverse 
effect on the Corporation's assets, its ability to staff its operations adequately and could affect the 
Corporation's reputation. 
The Corporation operates in jurisdictions with inherent risks relating to fraud, bribery and corruption 
which may have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial condition. 
The Corporation operates in a number of jurisdictions that have from time to time experienced high levels 
of fraud, bribery and corruption. For example, certain jurisdictions have been allocated low scores on 
Transparency International's "Corruption Perceptions Index". Doing business in developing countries 
brings with it inherent risks associated with enforcement of the Corporation's legal and contractual rights 
and third-party obligations, fraud, bribery and corruption. Fraud, bribery and corruption are more common 
in certain jurisdictions than in others. 
While the Corporation has policies and procedures in place, and maintains training programmes covering 
anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing as well as codes of conduct and other safeguards 
designed to prevent the occurrence of fraud, bribery and corruption, it may not be possible for the 
Corporation to detect or prevent every instance of fraud, bribery or corruption in every jurisdiction in which 
it does business or where its employees or agents are located. The Corporation may therefore be subject to 
civil and criminal penalties and to reputational damage. The Corporation also has policies and procedures 
in place that are in line with international best practices to regulate its exposure to Politically Exposed

--- Page 35 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 20 - 
70-41079910 
 
Persons ("PEPs"). These policies and procedures assist the Corporation in identifying potential investments 
that are associated with PEPs, which are then subjected to heightened scrutiny and additional due diligence. 
Instances of fraud, bribery and corruption and violation of laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which 
the Corporation operates surrounding either the Corporation's clients, investments or its activities could 
cause reputational damage. For example, in 2008, the Corporation was subject to intense public scrutiny 
over its legal status, ties to the CBN and internal operations over the investment of U.S.$463.0 million in 
the Corporation by the CBN. Even though the CBN was subsequently exonerated from any alleged 
wrongdoing or impropriety and the Corporation's legal status in Nigeria was subsequently ratified by the 
President of Nigeria, this type of investigation (or any similar future investigation) could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Corporation. 
Currency fluctuations could materially adversely affect the Corporation's results of operations. 
The Corporation uses the U.S. dollar as its functional currency and its assets, liabilities, interest income and 
expenses are principally denominated in U.S. dollars, and non-U.S. dollar transactions are typically hedged. 
Accordingly, its reporting currency is also the U.S. dollar. The Corporation does, however, earn some 
interest income and incur some expenses in other currencies and there is thus a risk that currency 
fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the value of its cash flows. See "―The Corporation may be 
materially adversely affected by economic instability and adverse business and operating conditions in the 
markets in which it conducts its investment operations" above. As the Corporation undertakes certain 
transactions denominated in foreign currencies, exposure to exchange rate fluctuations arise. For instance, 
the Corporation has made investments denominated in South African rand and euro. While it is the 
Corporation's policy to hedge the foreign exchange risks arising from all its transactions, to the extent 
possible, in order to minimise exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, there is no assurance that the 
Corporation will, in the future, be successful in maintaining this policy. Although it is the Corporation's 
policy to manage its currency exposures as it considers appropriate, through the use of appropriate hedging 
instruments such as forward foreign exchange contracts and currency options, there can be no assurance 
that such hedging arrangements and products will be available for all currencies or effective at all times or 
that all of the Corporation's currency exposure will always be hedged. 
In addition, the Corporation may also be indirectly exposed to currency risks experienced by its borrowers 
or investee companies. Adverse changes in local currency exchange rates (relative to the U.S. dollar) could 
have an impact on the cash flow of the Corporation's various borrowers and investee companies and their 
ability to meet their obligations to the Corporation, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Corporation's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Corporation makes equity investments and this might potentially increase the volatility of earnings. 
The Corporation invests in equities as part of its mandate as a development bank. As at 30 June 2024 and 
31 December 2023, the Corporation had an equity investments portfolio of U.S.$1.3 billion and U.S.$1.3 
billion, respectively. Equity investments involve a higher degree of risk than traditional debt financing due 
to a variety of factors, including that such investments are subordinate to debt and are not secured. If the 
Corporation's portfolio of equity investments continues to grow as a proportion of its total investment 
portfolio, this could further increase the Corporation's risk exposure. In addition, as a majority of the 
Corporation's equity investments are of entities that are not publicly quoted or trade, it is more difficult for 
the Corporation to establish the market value or price of such investments, even though the Corporation 
carries out a sensitivity analysis of changes in key assumptions applied in its valuation models and the 
impact on its results of operations. Any revaluation of the Corporation's equity investments in order to 
better reflect their market value may lead to deterioration in the value of these assets, leading to 
impairments, lower than expected returns and realised losses. The variability in the valuation of the 
Corporation's equity investments could affect the Corporation's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Investments in equity securities are also subject to risks of: (i) limited liquidity in the secondary trading 
market, (ii) substantial value volatility resulting from changes in various macroeconomic and industry 
factors that affect the issuer, and (iii) the declining creditworthiness and potential for insolvency of the 
issuer of such securities during periods of rising interest rates and economic downturn. These risks may 
adversely affect the value of equity securities that the Corporation invests in. The inclusion of equities 
among the assets of the Corporation subjects it to potential adverse movements in the market value of these 
investments, leading to greater potential volatility in earnings.

--- Page 36 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 21 - 
70-41079910 
 
The Corporation is exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and its variable interest rate debt may be 
impacted by applicable regulation and may bear interest that could rise significantly, thereby increasing 
its costs and reducing its cash flow. 
The profitability of the Corporation is dependent to a large extent on its net interest income. Net interest 
income, in turn, is fundamentally dependent on the interest rates earned and paid on the Corporation's assets 
and liabilities. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Corporation's control, including 
general economic conditions, actions of competitors and monetary and fiscal policies of various 
government and regulatory authorities. Fluctuations in interest rates are not predictable or controllable. 
The majority of the Corporation's loans and borrowings are at floating rates, linked to SOFR. Increases in 
interest rates may affect the ability of the Corporation's borrowers to meet their debt obligations to the 
Corporation, which could lead to higher default and delinquency rates. Increases in interest rates would 
also increase the interest expense of the Corporation. The Corporation is further exposed to interest rate 
risks as, from time to time, maturities of assets and liabilities are not balanced and an increase or decrease 
in interest rates could have an adverse effect on the net interest margin and results of operations of the 
Corporation. The Corporation's net interest margin was 6.0% and 4.2% for the six months ended 30 June 
2024 and 2023, respectively, while the net interest margin for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 4.54% 
compared to 4.1% for the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase in net interest margin in the six 
months ended 30 June 2024 compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023 and for the year ended 31 
December 2023 compared to year ended 31 December 2022 was mainly due to the increase in the average 
interest paid to the Corporation over these periods. The Corporation continuously monitors its net interest 
exposure in accordance with its prudential guidelines, and the Corporation's net interest margin could be 
adversely affected should the Corporation hold a significant portion of its loans with banks over the long-
term. However, there can be no assurance that this policy will negate any adverse effects on the 
Corporation's net interest margin. Absolute changes in market interest rates, changes in the relationships 
between short-term and long-term market interest rates or between different interest rate indices may affect 
the interest rates charged by the Corporation on interest-bearing assets differently than the interest rates 
paid on interest-bearing liabilities. See "Risk Management—Market Risk—Interest Rate Risk". This 
difference could result in an increase in interest expense relative to interest income and, therefore, reduce 
the Corporation's net interest income. 
There can be no guarantee that future interest rate fluctuations will be effectively hedged by the 
Corporation's use of interest rate swaps or other hedging instruments to manage interest rate exposure on 
its borrowings. Furthermore, such hedging instruments may result in the Corporation paying higher interest 
rates than the prevailing variable interest rates from time to time. Movements in interest rates could have a 
material adverse effect on any unhedged borrowing exposure or on the returns generated by the 
Corporation's assets, either of which could adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Corporation is subject to competition from other lenders and investors. If the Corporation is not 
able to successfully maintain its competitive position, its financial performance and business prospects 
may be materially adversely affected. 
Despite the size of Africa's infrastructure deficit, the provision of financing to infrastructure development 
projects is a competitive market, due to the lack of well-structured projects that are available for investment. 
The Corporation's principal competitors are infrastructure-focused funds, private equity funds and other 
DFIs, with growing competition from DFIs due to an increase in infrastructure-focused investments by 
DFIs. Competitors in the provision of debt financing include commercial banks as well as regional and 
other continental DFIs. In addition to local commercial banks and other DFIs, foreign commercial banks 
also play an important role in providing financing to infrastructure projects in Africa. Foreign entries into 
the banking markets of the Member Countries of the Corporation may further increase competition in those 
countries. Some of these competitors could be more established and have greater financial resources than 
the Corporation. In addition, in recent years, sovereign wealth funds, private equity funds and hedge funds 
have risen in prominence as alternative sources of financing. 
The competition faced by the Corporation may also limit the growth and expansion of its balance sheet, its 
leadership roles in large scale projects, political access, geographic growth, pricing and tenor of its loans 
and project execution. These developments may increase competitive pressures on the Corporation, whose 
profitability depends principally on its ability to compete. There can be no assurance that the Corporation 
will be able to respond adequately to these multiple sources and forms of competition, whether from

--- Page 37 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 22 - 
70-41079910 
 
existing competitors or new market entrants. As a result of the above, or as a result of increasing competitive 
pressure due to factors beyond the Corporation's control, its business, results of operations and financial 
condition could be materially adversely affected. 
The Corporation is exposed to operational risk. 
The Corporation is exposed to various operational risks, including the risks of system disruptions or 
failures, fraud, errors and irregularities by employees and third parties as well as authorisation and 
documentation flaws. For example, unsuccessful fraud attempts were made in 2012 on the Corporation's 
correspondent banking accounts held with international banks. See "Description of the Corporation – 
Technology". The Corporation relies upon information technology and communication systems furnished 
by third party service providers to conduct its operations. Although the Corporation utilises several 
information technology and communication providers simultaneously to mitigate the risks of system 
failures, a failure or interruption or breach in security of a vendor's systems could occur, causing a failure 
or interruption in the Corporation's information technology or communication systems. Even though the 
Corporation has a disaster recovery plan, there is no assurance that any such event would not have an 
adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Corporation maintains a system of controls designed to monitor and control operational risk. However, 
a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, 
assurance that the objectives of the control system will be satisfied. Inherent limitations in any system of 
controls include the possibility that judgments in decision making could be faulty and that breakdowns 
could occur as a result of simple human error or mistake. The design of the Corporation's control system is 
based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance 
that the Corporation will not suffer losses from any failure of these controls to detect or contain operational 
risk in the future. 
Consequently, the potential inadequacy of the Corporation's internal processes or systems may result in 
unauthorised transactions and errors not being detected, or the Corporation's insurance may not cover the 
Corporation's losses from such transactions or errors, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations, and financial condition of the Corporation. 
The Corporation is exposed to Technology, Data and Cyber Security risks. 
Technology, data and cyber security risks for financial institutions like the Corporation have increased in 
recent years. The rising likelihood of these attacks is due, in part, to the proliferation, sophistication and 
constant evolution of new technologies and attack methodologies used by threat actors, such as organised 
criminals, socio-political entities and other internal and external parties as well as the nature and scale of 
the Corporation’s operations, the complexity of its technology infrastructure, its increasing reliance on 
internet capabilities, cloud and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions and its 
operations. The Corporation's use of third-party service providers, which are subject to these potential 
cyber-attacks and related compromises, also increases its risk of potential attack, breach or disruption as 
the Corporation has less immediate oversight and direct control over the third parties’ technology 
infrastructure or information security. For example, there were unsuccessful fraud attempts on the 
Corporation's correspondent banking accounts held with international banks in 2012. See "Description of 
the Corporation – Technology". The Corporation may experience targeted and automated online attacks on 
its banking systems and applications, ransomware attacks, introduction of malicious software, denial of 
service attacks, malicious insider or service provider exfiltrating data and phishing attacks, loss or exposure 
of confidential information, including customer or employee information), identity theft and corporate 
espionage, among others which could have material adverse effect on its business operations. Further, the 
Corporation may also experience service disruptions as a result of technology failure, cyber-attacks or data 
security breaches targeted at its third party service providers or customers. While the Corporation maintains 
a system of controls designed to monitor and control operational risks such as technology and cyber security 
risks, and all its employee undergo operational risks training and cyber security awareness briefings, there 
is no assurance that they will be effective and that the Corporation will not suffer losses or disruptions 
arising from cyber-attacks, technology failures or other cyber security related breaches.

--- Page 38 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 23 - 
70-41079910 
 
The Corporation relies on its ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, without whom it may not 
be able to manage its business effectively. 
The Corporation's success depends, in part, on its ability to retain, motivate and attract qualified and 
experienced management and staff. In order to execute its mandate, the Corporation's management team 
and staff require a particular combination of skills in finance, law and other areas, as well as knowledge of 
the economies and environment in which the Corporation invests. The Corporation may have difficulty 
identifying personnel with the requisite competencies as well as the experience to apply these skills in the 
contexts required by the Corporation's Member Countries. If the Corporation continues to grow, it may 
need to hire more employees and may face challenges in recruiting qualified personnel. The Corporation is 
also dependent on members of its Board of Directors and other key members of the executive and senior 
management team for the development and implementation of its strategy. Should members of the current 
executive and senior management team opt to leave the Corporation, the operational efficiency of the 
management team may be compromised, which in turn may have an adverse effect on the Corporation's 
efficiency. 
While the Corporation believes that it has effective staff recruitment, training, incentive and compensation 
programmes in place that are comparable to its competition, there can be no assurance that these will be 
sufficient to recruit and retain sufficient numbers of qualified personnel. The Corporation's failure to recruit, 
train and/or retain necessary personnel could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Statistical information published by the governments in the jurisdictions that the Corporation operates 
in may differ from that produced by other sources and may be unreliable, which may subject its 
operations to uncertainty. 
The Corporation has relied on official statistics and other data published by central banks, governments and 
non-governmental agencies in Africa, which may be substantially less complete or researched and, 
consequently, less reliable than those published by comparable bodies in other developed jurisdictions. 
Official data in most of these economies mainly reflects the state of the formal economy and may not 
adequately gauge the potential of the informal economy. In addition, some or all of the entities in Africa 
may have official data collection methods that are different from those used by comparable bodies in other 
jurisdictions. 
There can be no assurance that these statistics are as accurate or as reliable as those published by more 
developed countries and that discussions of matters relating to the Corporation's operations may therefore 
be subject to uncertainty due to concerns about the completeness or the reliability of available official and 
public information. 
The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, including successive variants of the 
COVID-19, could lead to higher volatility in the global economy and capital markets, which may 
materially and adversely affect the Corporation's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in 
sporadic volatility in global capital markets. In March 2020, the United States, the EU and countries around 
the world, began imposing travel restrictions, as well as other restrictions, aimed at reducing in-person 
interactions following the outbreak of COVID-19. These measures, while aimed at slowing the spread of 
COVID-19, resulted in significant reductions in economic activity globally. While a number of restrictive 
measures have changed across numerous countries, it is currently unclear how long the remaining 
restrictions will be in place and what their ultimate impact will be on global, regional and local economies. 
For example, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply 
chains, lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, 
increased unemployment levels, resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution of 
social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and communities. As a result, it 
adversely impacted the economies in which the Corporation invests and the demand for the Corporation's 
products and services was impacted. Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic influenced the recognition of 
credit losses in the Corporation's loan portfolios and increased the Corporation's allowance for credit losses, 
particularly as customers were expected to draw on their lines of credit or seek additional loans to help 
finance their businesses. See "—The Corporation is exposed to credit risks arising from its lending 
activities and its risk management strategies may not adequately address unidentified or unanticipated

--- Page 39 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 24 - 
70-41079910 
 
risks" and "—The Corporation may be subject to liquidity risk" below for more information. Similarly, 
because of changing economic and market conditions affecting issuers, the Corporation was required to 
recognise other-than-temporary impairments in future periods on the securities it holds as well as reductions 
in other comprehensive income. Furthermore, the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic affected 
the operations of the Corporation and its suppliers causing them to incur additional costs or preventing them 
from carrying out their core activities and initiatives, or impacted the development of the Corporation's 
assets due to the slowdown in construction caused by various lockdown measures. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Corporation moved to a fully remote working policy to ensure 
the health and safety of its employees. The Corporation's remote policy had been established several years 
before the COVID-19 pandemic, given the geographic spread of the Corporation's operations in relation to 
its Lagos headquarters. During the pandemic, all of the Corporation's staff worked remotely. As the 
pandemic eased, staff transitioned into working both on premises and remotely. This hybrid working period 
ended on 1 April 2023, when all the staff returned to the office.  While the Corporation's transition to remote 
working during the COVID-19 pandemic was smooth, the Corporation's business operations may be 
disrupted in the future if significant portions of the Corporation's workforce are unable to work effectively, 
including because of illness, quarantines, government actions such as travel restrictions, or other restrictions 
in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic or the outbreak of other communicable diseases. Similarly, 
although the Corporation actively reviews the short-term and long-term health and safety protocols of 
several of its counterparties, these counterparties may also experience disruptions in the effectiveness of 
their workforces due to remote working necessitated by public health crisis or otherwise which may further 
influence their demand for the Corporation's products or creditworthiness. 
In 2022, there was a global outbreak of Mpox, which according to the World Health Organisation continues 
to affect certain African countries, including the DRC. Additionally, other infectious diseases such as HIV-
AIDS and Ebola continue to pose significant health risks in Africa, including in countries where the 
Corporation has significant investments.   
As a result of the outbreak of infectious diseases or other public health crisis, including the Ebola virus and 
Mpox in Africa or globally, or the emergence of new and more contagious strains of the COVID-19, the 
Corporation may be forced to consider adjustments to specific elements of its operations and/or customer 
exposures, including loan tenor extensions and restructuring, all of which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, any material changes in the 
financial markets or the global economy as a result of these public health events or developments may 
materially and adversely affect the Corporation's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Natural disasters and other catastrophic events including floods and drought could have a material 
adverse impact on the Corporation's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
A significant portion of the Corporation's investment operations are conducted in Africa, in accordance 
with the Corporation's mandate. Given Africa's vulnerability to natural catastrophes, such as hurricanes, 
drought, wildfires, floods, cyclones and earthquakes, as well as other extreme weather events, human-made 
disasters and other disasters such as explosions, industrial accidents and fires, could have a material adverse 
impact on the Corporation's business and results of operation. These natural disasters are inherently 
unpredictable in terms of both their frequency and severity, and their potential effects are compounded by 
climate change and extreme weather events which are highly correlated underscoring the unpredictability 
of climate trends and changing climate conditions. In addition, climate change is causing extreme weather 
events to occur in areas that have not previously experienced such conditions, including along coastlines.  
Any severe and/or prolonged natural hazards and climatic events, including hurricanes, cyclones and 
earthquakes in Africa, particularly in Member Countries and/or the countries in which the Corporation has 
investments may result in the deterioration of the economic situation of the affected countries which could 
in turn affect demand for the Corporation's products by private and public sector customers. The 
Corporation may also be forced to consider adjustments to specific elements of its operations in response 
to the occurrence of natural disasters and climate hazards. In addition, its customers could suffer losses 
including property damage which could affect their financial performance and ability to honour their 
obligations to the Corporation. For instance, weather events such as reduced water levels and excessive 
rainfalls could affect the business and operations of any of the Corporation's customers that operate hydro

--- Page 40 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 25 - 
70-41079910 
 
power plants and power plants powered by peat feedstock, all of which could affect customers' financial 
performance and ability to meet their obligations to the Corporation. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of these Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem these Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption 
period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest- 
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such benchmarks 
Benchmarks such as EURIBOR, referenced swap rates and other types of rates and indices which are 
deemed "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks"), to which the interest on 
securities may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
while others are still to be implemented. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation") and the UK Benchmarks Regulation. In addition to the aforementioned 
regulations, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and investigations which may impact 
Benchmarks.  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of benchmarks, such as LIBOR, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes 
in the manner of administration of a benchmark could require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked 
securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do 
not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the 
relevant benchmark was available in its current form. 
Additionally, in March 2017, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") published a position paper 
referring to certain proposed reforms to EURIBOR, which reforms aim to clarify the EURIBOR 
specification, to develop a transaction-based methodology for EURIBOR and to align the relevant 
methodology with the Benchmarks Regulation, the IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks and other 
regulatory recommendations. In May 2017, EMMI indicated that there had been a "change in market 
activity as a result of the current regulatory requirements and a negative interest rate environment" and

--- Page 41 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 26 - 
70-41079910 
 
"under the current market conditions it will not be feasible to evolve the current EURIBOR methodology 
to a fully transaction-based methodology following a seamless transition path". Accordingly, EMMI 
launched consultations on a hybrid methodology for calculating the EURIBOR benchmark and carried out 
in-depth testing of the proposed methodology. On 28 November 2019, EMMI announced that it had 
successfully completed the phase-in of all panel banks to the EURIBOR hybrid methodology. 
These reforms and other pressures may cause one or more interest rate benchmarks to disappear entirely, 
to perform differently than in the past (as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise), create 
disincentives for market participants to continue to administer, have other consequences which may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of the amount payable under the Notes or have other consequences that 
cannot be predicted. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level of the published rate, including to cause 
it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be; and 
(b) 
if EURIBOR is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, then the rate of interest on the Notes will 
be determined for a period by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 5.(b) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank 
market (in the case of EURIBOR), may not operate as intended (depending on market 
circumstances and the availability of rates information at the relevant time) and may in certain 
circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in 
the previous period when EURIBOR was available. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop 
and apply as between the Notes due to applicable fallback provisions or other matters and the effects of this 
are uncertain but could include a reduction in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR 
or any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Notes and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Notes. No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect 
to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to 
exist. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example EURIBOR) may adversely affect the 
value of Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark rate. 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not 
intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel banks to submit rates for the calculation 
of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. In a further speech on 12 July 2018, the Chief 
Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority emphasised that market participants should 
not rely on the continued publication of LIBOR after the end of 2021. The phase out of LIBOR became 
effective at the beginning of 2022. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be 
determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)), such as 
EURIBOR, becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as described in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) otherwise occurs.

--- Page 42 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 27 - 
70-41079910 
 
If Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms for any Series of Notes as being 
applicable (any such Notes, "Relevant Notes") and the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph 
occur in relation to a benchmark rate at any time when any rate of interest (or component thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such benchmark rate, such fallback arrangements will include the 
possibility that: 
(a) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may 
be, determined by reference to a successor reference rate or an alternative reference rate (as 
applicable) determined by the Issuer, following consultation with an Independent Adviser or, if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, following consultation with an Independent 
Adviser so appointed, the Issuer fails to make such determination, the Issuer; and 
(b) 
such successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if 
required) by the Issuer, following consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if 
applicable), in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders and Coupon 
holders arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, in any such case, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Relevant Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer, following consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable) (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may also in its discretion specify that other changes 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
relevant successor reference rate or alternative reference rate and to ensure the proper operation and 
comparability to the benchmark rate of the relevant successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as 
applicable). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant successor 
reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments described above. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the 
rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor reference rates and 
alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have 
a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate 
Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), will have discretion to adjust the relevant successor reference 
rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates, including those such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), as 
reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation 
and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing 
such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates

--- Page 43 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 28 - 
70-41079910 
 
issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SOFR or the SOFR 
Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond 
markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price 
of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Terms and Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, 
market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-
free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure 
the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are 
overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to 
be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates 
may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SOFR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. 
These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded 
or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such 
interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and 
include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates 
may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore 
will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 
3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date 
on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.

--- Page 44 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 29 - 
70-41079910 
 
The administrator of SOFR or any related indices may make changes that could change the value of 
SOFR or any related index, or discontinue SOFR or any related index 
The Federal Reserve and Bank of New York (or their successors) as administrators of SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-
free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication 
of SOFR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation 
or dissemination of SOFR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest 
rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders 
when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. Any such 
consequences could have an adverse effect on the value and marketability of, and return on, such Notes. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements  
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to apply 
an amount, which at the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, is equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such 
Notes for Eligible Green Projects as defined under the "Use of Proceeds" meeting the Eligibility Criteria 
(as defined in "Use of Proceeds"). If the use of such proceeds is a factor in an investor's decision to invest 
in Notes, they should consider the disclosure in "Use of Proceeds" below and/or the relevant Final Terms 
relating to such Notes, and consult with their legal or other advisers before making an investment decision. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework 
and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent 
financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green Bonds before deciding 
to invest.  The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may 
differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer's Green Bond Framework does not 
form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance is given that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future investment criteria or 
guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the 
Green Bond Framework (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical 
screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, 
or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom). 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", "social", "sustainable" or equivalently-labelled projects or a 
loan that may finance such a project, nor can any assurance be given that a clear definition or consensus 
with respect to such projects or loans will develop in the future. No assurance can be given that Eligible 
Green Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or similar labels (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical 
screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, 
or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve 
from time to time. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green 
Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Issuer's Green 
Bond Framework. It is not clear if the establishment under the EU Green Bond Regulation of the "EuGB" 
label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EU 
Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds 
bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such 
as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or 
could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply 
with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Green Projects to allow 
for allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full. An amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Green Bonds which, from time to time, are not allocated as 
funding for Eligible Green Projects is intended by the Issuer to be earmarked and held as cash or in its 
treasury liquidity portfolio pending investment in Eligible Green Projects in accordance with the

--- Page 45 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 30 - 
70-41079910 
 
International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") Green Bond Principles (as defined in the "Use of 
Proceeds" section). While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
any Notes issued as Green Bonds to Eligible Green Projects, there is no contractual obligation to do so.  
There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green Projects will be available or capable of being 
implemented in, or substantially in, the manner and timeframe anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer 
will be able to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds for such Eligible 
Green Projects as intended.  In addition, while Eligible Green Projects under the Green Bond Framework 
are subject to AFC’s portfolio monitoring and disbursements are monitored by the Assets and Liability 
Committee ("ALCO"), the Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible 
Green Projects to allow for allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green 
Bonds in full. 
No breach of contract or Event of Default  
None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or to report on 
the use of proceeds or Eligible Green Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to 
withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes 
issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or similar labels will constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the 
Notes issued as Green Bonds. In addition, the Issuer's Green Bond Framework may be subject to review 
and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time 
and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer 
may elect to change the Green Bond Framework at any time or to alter criteria it uses to select Eligible 
Green Projects. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default with respect 
to any Green Bonds. Similarly, while the Issuer intends to provide regular information on the use of 
proceeds of any Green Bonds, any failure to do so will not constitute an Event of Default in respect of any 
Green Bonds. 
Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Green Projects, do not benefit from any 
arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights derived solely from the 
intended use of proceeds of such Notes 
The performance of the Green Bonds is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Projects 
or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no 
segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds and the Eligible Green Projects. 
Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on the Green Bonds nor any rights of 
Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Projects or the performance of 
the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or similar targets. Holders of any Green Bonds shall have 
no preferential rights or priority against the assets of any Eligible Green Projects nor benefit from any 
arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds 
ISS ESG has issued a Second Party Opinion on the Issuer's Green Bond Framework. The Second Party 
Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations is a statement of opinion, 
not a statement of fact.  No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made 
available in connection with the Corporation's Green Bond Framework or any issue of Notes issued as 
Green Bonds.  The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Note, including without limitation 
market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a 
recommendation by the Arrangers, the Dealers or any person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is 
current only as of the date the opinion or certificate was initially issued.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time.  Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any 
other opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds in respect 
of which such opinion or certification is given and /or result in adverse consequences for certain investors

--- Page 46 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 31 - 
70-41079910 
 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein.  The Second Party Opinion and any other 
such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be 
maintained 
If a Tranche of Notes is at any time listed on, admitted to or included in any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled index, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies 
any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to 
comply.  Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.  No representation or assurance is given or 
made by the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Notes are not guaranteed by any sovereign entity or agency. 
Although established by treaty between its Member Countries, the Issuer is a legal entity separate from 
both the governments of its members and the agencies of such governments. Therefore, the principal of the 
Notes, and interest due or to become due in respect of the Notes, constitute obligations solely of the Issuer 
and do not constitute the obligation of, nor are they guaranteed or insured by, any Member Country or 
sovereign entity or agency thereof. Holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") will not have recourse to any 
one sovereign or Member Country, to enforce judgments against the Issuer. 
Emerging markets are subject to greater risks than more developed markets and financial turmoil in any 
emerging market could cause the price of the Notes to decrease. 
Investing in securities of issuers in emerging markets generally involves a higher degree of risk than 
investments in securities of corporate or sovereign issuers from more developed countries and carries risks 
that are not typically associated with investing in more mature markets, including in some cases significant 
economic risks. Investors should note that emerging markets are subject to rapid change and that the 
information set out in this Base Prospectus may become outdated relatively quickly. All Member Countries 
are emerging market economies, and as such investors should consider the risks mentioned below before 
investing in the Notes. Accordingly, investors should exercise care in evaluating the risks involved and 
must decide for themselves whether, in the light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, 
investment in emerging markets is suitable only for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the 
significance of the risks involved. Investors are urged to consult with their own legal and financial advisers 
before making an investment in the Notes. 
Modification, waiver and substitution. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The terms and conditions of the Notes also provide that 
the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to: (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes; and (ii) determine 
without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such. Accordingly, matters affecting the interests of some Noteholders may be outside the control 
of such Noteholders.

--- Page 47 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 32 - 
70-41079910 
 
As the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with (i) in the case of Bearer Notes, a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, either (a) a custodian for, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of, DTC or (b) a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive 
notes. DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer shall have no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act. 
With respect to Notes issued after the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury 
regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payment" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register (such 
applicable date the "Grandfathering Date"), the Issuer or any intermediary or agent may, under certain 
circumstances, be required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder ("FATCA") to withhold U.S. tax at a rate 
of 30% on all or a portion of payments of principal and interest which are treated as "foreign passthru 
payments" made on or before the second anniversary of the date of publication of final regulations defining 
the term "foreign passthru payment" to an investor or any other non U.S. financial institution through which 
payment on the Notes is made that is not in compliance with FATCA. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payments" have not been filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register. 
The Issuer has registered with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and is treated as a "Participating 
FFI" within the meaning of FATCA. Accordingly, provided that the Issuer complies with the terms of its 
agreement with the IRS, it should not be subject to FATCA withholding on any payments it receives. The 
application of FATCA to interest, principal or other amounts paid on or with respect to the Notes is not 
entirely clear. If any withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other 
payments on the Notes pursuant to FATCA or an intergovernmental agreement, none of the Issuer, any 
intermediary or agent would, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. Further guidance may affect the 
application of FATCA to the Notes, including the potential future release of an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and Nigeria to implement the provisions of FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes. 
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Bearer Notes. 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Bearer Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 48 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 33 - 
70-41079910 
 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
There is no active trading market for the Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities, which may not be widely distributed and may 
have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it 
may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to depreciation or devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or, conversely, appreciation or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. 
In addition, such risks generally depend on economic and political events over which the Issuer has no 
control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency 
at the time of any payment of principal or interest on a Note. As a result, investors may receive less principal 
or interest than expected, or no principal or interest. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is 
possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Note not denominated in U.S. dollars would not be 
available at such Note's maturity. 
Interest rate risks. 
In general, as market interest rates rise, notes bearing interest at a fixed rate generally decline in value. 
Consequently, investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
The Issuer's credit ratings are an assessment by the relevant rating agencies of its ability to pay its debts 
when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in its credit ratings will generally affect the market 
value of the Notes. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this Base Prospectus, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. Similar ratings on different types of notes do not necessarily mean the same 
thing. The ratings do not address the marketability of the Notes or any market price. The significance of 
each rating should be analysed independently from any other rating.

--- Page 49 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 34 - 
70-41079910 
 
The market price of the Notes may be volatile. 
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated 
variations in the Issuer's operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments, 
changes to the regulatory environment in which the Issuer operates, changes in financial estimates by 
securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of Notes, as well as other factors. In 
addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume 
fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without 
regard to the Issuer's results of operations, prospects or financial condition. Factors including increased 
competition, fluctuations in the Issuer's operating results, the regulatory environment, availability of 
reserves, general market conditions, natural disasters and armed conflict may have an adverse effect on the 
market price of the Notes. 
It may be difficult to effect service of legal process and enforce judgments obtained in Member Countries 
against the Issuer and its officers. 
Under its Establishment Agreement, the Issuer enjoys immunity from every legal process, subject to certain 
important exceptions. The exceptions comprise cases arising out of or in connection with the exercise of its 
powers to borrow money, to guarantee obligations, or to buy and sell or underwrite the sale of securities. 
In such cases actions may be brought against the Issuer in a court of competent jurisdiction in the territory 
of the Member Country in which the Issuer has its headquarters or in any country where the Issuer has 
appointed an agent for the purpose of accepting service or notice of process or has issued or guaranteed 
securities or by arbitration proceedings. See "Service of Process and Enforcement of Civil Liabilities". 
The Establishment Agreement also provides that no judgment or award other than a final judgment or award 
may be enforced against the Issuer and all property and assets of the Issuer shall, wherever located and by 
whomsoever held, be immune from all forms of seizure, attachment or execution before the delivery of 
final judgment against the Issuer. The effectiveness of these provisions of the Establishment Agreement in 
any other country except in the Member Countries, would be a question of the laws of the relevant country. 
The Notes and the Trust Deed are governed by the laws of England, and the Issuer has agreed in the Trust 
Deed that disputes arising thereunder or in respect of the Notes shall be referred to and finally resolved 
solely by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration. The 
Issuer has not submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts in any other jurisdiction. 
Most of the members of the Issuer's Executive Committee (the "EXCO") and Board of Directors are 
residents of a Member Country. A substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and most of such persons 
are located in the Member Countries. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process upon 
the Issuer or any such person outside the Member Countries to enforce against any of them, in courts of 
jurisdictions other than the Member Countries, judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon 
the laws of such other jurisdictions or to enforce against any of them, in the courts of the Member Countries, 
judgments obtained in jurisdictions other than the Member Countries, including judgments obtained on the 
Trust Deed in the courts of England. 
In the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Issuer agrees that any documents required to be served in 
relation to any proceedings arising from or connected with the Notes may be served on it by being delivered 
to its agent for the service of process, Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited. The Issuer's headquarters 
are located in Lagos, Nigeria. 
Investors are relying solely on the creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme will constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge), unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank at all times pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the 
extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' and depositors' rights. If a prospective investor 
purchases such Notes, it is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and no other person. In addition, an 
investment in such Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived 
creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of such Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 35 - 
70-41079910 
 
Return on an investment in Notes will be affected by charges incurred by investors. 
An investor's total return on an investment in any Notes will be affected by the level of fees charged by an 
agent, nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or institution 
may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of Notes, custody 
services and on payments of interest and principal. Potential investors are, therefore, advised to investigate 
the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the relevant Notes. 
Adverse tax consequences of a substitution of the Issuer. 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined in "Taxation – United States") in 
exchange for new notes issued by the new obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder 
could be required to recognise capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the 
difference, if any, between the issue price of the new notes (as determined for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes) and the U.S. Holder's tax basis (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) in the Notes. 
Adverse tax consequences for Noteholders in other jurisdictions may result in the event of a change in the 
obligor with respect to the Notes. Noteholders should consult their tax advisers concerning the tax 
consequences to them of a change in obligor with respect to the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
U.S. securities laws may restrict the transfer of Notes. 
The Issuer is offering the Notes in reliance upon exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws. Therefore, the Notes may be transferred or resold only in transactions 
registered under, exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and all 
applicable state securities laws. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Volcker Rule. 
The Issuer is relying on Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act for its exemption from registration 
thereunder and therefore is a "covered fund" under the Volcker Rule, which may negatively affect the 
liquidity and the value of the Notes. Section 619 of the Volcker Rule generally prohibits covered banking 
entities and other entities subject to the Volcker Rule from, among other things, acquiring or retaining an 
"ownership interest" in a "covered fund" (each as defined for the purposes of the Volcker Rule). 
The Volcker Rule includes as a "covered fund" any entity that would be an investment company but for the 
exemptions provided by Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. As the Issuer 
is relying on Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act for its exemption from registration thereunder, 
unless the Issuer qualifies for an exemption under the Volcker Rule, it will be considered to be a covered 
fund. The Issuer does not currently intend to seek to qualify for any exemption to the Volcker Rule. There 
is no assurance that the Issuer will seek such an exemption in the future or that, if the Issuer did so, it would 
be successful. As the Issuer is a "covered fund" subject to the Volcker Rule, covered banking entities and 
other entities subject to the Volcker Rule would be restricted from acquiring and retaining any interests in 
the Issuer that qualify as "ownership interests" under the Volcker Rule. Limitations on the ability of banking 
entities to purchase or retain the Notes if they were deemed to be "ownership interests" for purposes of the 
Volcker Rule could, depending on market conditions, significantly and negatively affect the liquidity and 
market value of the Notes. 
While the Issuer does not believe that an investment in the Notes would constitute acquiring or retaining 
an ownership interest in a "covered fund", each investor in the Notes must make its own determination as 
to whether the investor is a covered banking entity or otherwise subject to the Volcker Rule, whether the 
Issuer is a "covered fund" under the Volcker Rule, whether its investment in the Notes would or could in

--- Page 51 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 36 - 
70-41079910 
 
the future be restricted or prohibited by any provisions of the Volcker Rule, and the potential impact of the 
Volcker Rule on its investment, any marketability or liquidity in connection therewith and on its portfolio 
generally. The Volcker Rule and interpretations thereunder are still uncertain, may restrict or discourage 
the acquisition of Notes by covered banking entities, and may adversely affect the marketability or liquidity 
of the Notes. Investors in the Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory positions, and none 
of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Trustee or any of their affiliates makes any representation to any prospective 
investor or purchaser of the Notes regarding the application of the Volcker Rule to the Issuer or to such 
investor's investment in the Notes on the Issue Date or at any time in the future. 
Risks related to the Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are still significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite significant reduction 
over the years by the PRC Government of control over trade transactions involving import and export of 
goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are 
known as current account items. However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for 
the purposes of capital account items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon 
obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being adjusted from 
time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBOC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite the Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the relevant Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such 
Renminbi Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBOC  has entered into agreements on the 
clearing of Renminbi business (the "Settlement Agreements") with financial institutions in a number of 
financial centres and cities (the "RMB Clearing Banks"), including but not limited to Hong Kong, and are 
in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, 
the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC. The 
relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose 
of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to 
square for participating banks any open positions as a result of other foreign exchange transactions or 
conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the 
above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the

--- Page 52 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 37 - 
70-41079910 
 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the relevant Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the relevant Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on 
satisfactory terms, if at all. If Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the terms 
and conditions applicable to Renminbi Notes, the relevant Issuer can make payments in U.S. dollars and 
other currencies as set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and 
is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other 
factors. The PBOC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the midpoint against 
the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing the daily midpoint. This 
change, among others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against other currencies. All payments of interest and principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will be 
made in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. 
dollar terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of investment in U.S. dollar or 
other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Inconvertibility, 
Non-transferability or Illiquidity (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Notes), the relevant Issuer 
is unable, or it is impractical for it, to pay interest or principal in Renminbi, the terms and conditions of the 
Notes allow the relevant Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies at the prevailing 
spot rate of exchange, all as provided in more detail in the terms and conditions of the Notes. As a result, 
the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If 
the value of the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of a 
holder's investment in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms will decline. 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks. 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. 
The Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate. Consequently, the trading price of such Renminbi 
Notes will vary with fluctuations in interest rates. If a holder of Renminbi Notes tries to sell any Renminbi 
Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes. 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. All Renminbi payments to investors 
in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are represented 
by Global Notes held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules 
and procedures, or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than 
described in the terms and conditions of the Notes, the relevant Issuer cannot be required to make payment 
by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to 
a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws. 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprises or individual Holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") 
or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the 
PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20% of the gains derived by such non- 
PRC resident enterprise or individual Holder from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, but its implementation

--- Page 53 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 38 - 
70-41079910 
 
rules have reduced the enterprise income tax rate to 10%. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT 
at a rate of 20% of the gains derived by such non-PRC resident or individual Holder from the transfer of 
Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non- 
PRC resident enterprises or individual Holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and become subject to the EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, apply 
or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, Holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Holders and individual 
Holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Renminbi 
Notes. 
Therefore, if non-PRC enterprises or individual resident Holders are required to pay PRC income tax on 
gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty between the PRC 
and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprises or individual resident holders of Renminbi Notes 
reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in Renminbi Notes may 
be materially and adversely affected. 
If the Issuer is not considered a PRC tax resident enterprise and any repayment of principal and payment 
of interest made on the Notes are not otherwise considered as income derived from the PRC, the Holders 
who are not PRC residents for PRC tax purposes and do not have any establishment or place of business in 
China (or the relevant incomes derived by the Holders are not effectively connected with their establishment 
or place of business in China) should not be subject to withholding tax or income tax imposed by any tax 
authority in the PRC in respect of gain on transfer of Notes or any repayment of principal and payment of 
interest made thereon. It is recommended that potential purchasers of the Notes consult with their legal and 
tax advisers or the local tax authorities regarding the relevant tax consequence. 
Remittance of proceeds in Renminbi into or out of the PRC. 
In the event that the Issuer decides to remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi, its ability 
to do so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from, and/or registration or filing with, the 
relevant PRC Government authorities. However, there is no assurance that the necessary approvals from, 
and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC Government authorities will be obtained at all or, if 
obtained, they will not be revoked or amended in the future. 
There is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise the control over cross- 
border Renminbi remittances in the future, that the schemes introduced will not be discontinued or that new 
PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that the Issuer does remit some or all of 
the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi and the Issuer subsequently is not able to repatriate funds out of the 
PRC in Renminbi, it will need to source Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its obligations under the 
Renminbi Notes, and its ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC. 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to risk of change in the regulatory regime governing the 
issuance of Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi Notes issuance is subject to laws and regulations of the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) and 
any change in the PRC Government's policy or the regulatory regime governing the issuance of RMB- 
denominated debt instruments may adversely affect the Renminbi Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 39 - 
70-41079910 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Financial statements 
The Corporation maintains its books of accounts in U.S. dollars in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). 
Unless otherwise indicated, financial information set forth herein related to the Corporation has been 
extracted from the Corporation's interim financial statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 
2024, including comparative information for the six months ended 30 June 2023 (the "Interim Financial 
Statements"), the annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, including 
comparative information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the "2023 Financial Statements") 
and the annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, including comparative 
information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2022 Financial Statements" and together 
with the Interim Financial Statements and the 2023 Financial Statements, the "Financial Statements"), 
each of which was prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
The Interim Financial Statements are reviewed and unaudited, and have been prepared in accordance with 
IAS 34. Accordingly, the independent auditors have applied limited procedures not equivalent to an audit 
and do not express an audit opinion on the interim financial information. Therefore, the degree of reliance 
on such information should be limited in light of the nature of the review procedures applied.  
The Financial Statements in this Base Prospectus are not intended to comply with the SEC's reporting 
requirements and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS which differs in various significant respects 
from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"). Additionally, 
compliance with such reporting requirements would require, among other things, compliance with the 
requirements of Regulation S-X and the exclusion of certain non-IFRS measures. The preparation of 
financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It 
also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the accounting policies. The 
areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are 
significant to the Financial Statements are disclosed in those Financial Statements. In making an investment 
decision, investors should rely upon their own examination of the terms of the Programme and the financial 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Investors should consult their own professional advisers for 
an understanding of the differences between IFRS, on one hand, and U.S. GAAP on the other hand, and 
how those differences could affect the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Third-party information 
The Corporation obtained certain statistical and market information that is presented in this Base Prospectus 
from the IMF, Population Reference Bureau, Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries 
("OPEC"), World Health Organisation, the United Nations, the African Development Bank (the "AfDB") 
and the World Bank. This third-party information is presented in the following sections of the Base 
Prospectus: "Description of the Corporation". Where such third-party information appears in this Base 
Prospectus, it has been cited as such. With respect to any information included herein and specified to be 
sourced from a third party, the Corporation confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced 
and that as far as the Corporation is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third 
party, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Nevertheless, prospective investors are advised to consider this data with caution. Market studies are often 
based on information or assumptions that may not be accurate or appropriate, and their methodology is 
inherently predictive and speculative. Neither the Corporation nor any of the Dealers have independently 
verified the figures, market data or other information on which third parties have based their studies. Certain 
statistical information reported herein has been reproduced from official publications of, and information 
supplied by, a number of government agencies and ministries, and other governmental and 
intergovernmental organisations. 
Information under the heading "Book-Entry Clearance Systems" has been extracted from information 
provided by the clearing systems referred to therein. The Corporation confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as each of them is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant clearing systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 55 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 40 - 
70-41079910 
 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Certain defined terms 
In this Base Prospectus: 
• 
"AFC" or "Corporation" refers to the Africa Finance Corporation; 
• 
"Africa Re" refers to the African Reinsurance Corporation; 
• 
"African Development Bank" or the "AfDB" refers to the African Development Bank Group; 
• 
"BACC" refers to the board audit and compliance committee of the Corporation; 
• 
"BADEA" refers to the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa; 
• 
"Benin" refers to the Republic of Benin; 
• 
"BNGC" refers to the board nominations and corporate governance committee of the Corporation; 
• 
"Board of Directors" refers to the board of directors of the Corporation; 
• 
"Botswana" refers to the Republic of Botswana; 
• 
"BRIC" refers to the board risk and investment committee of the Corporation; 
• 
"CAGR" refers to compound annual growth rate, which is calculated for the compounding period 
2021-2023 as the percentage of the square root of the ending value divided by the beginning value 
minus one; 
• 
"Cape Verde" refers to the Republic of Cabo Verde; 
• 
"CBN" refers to the Central Bank of Nigeria; 
• 
"Chad" refers to the Republic of Chad; 
• 
"Charter" refers to the Charter of the Corporation dated 28 May 2007; 
• 
"CNY", "Chinese yuan", "RMB" or "renminbi" refer to the Chinese yuan renminbi, the lawful 
currency of the PRC; 
• 
"Congo-Brazzaville" refers to the Republic of Congo; 
• 
"Cȏte d'Ivoire" refers to the Republic of Cȏte d'Ivoire; 
• 
"Djibouti" refers to the Republic of Djibouti; 
• 
"Egypt" refers to the Arab Republic of Egypt; 
• 
"Eritrea" refers to the State of Eritrea; 
• 
"EUR", "euro" or "€" refers to the single currency of the participating member states of the 
European and Monetary Union of the Treaty Establishing the European Community, as amended 
from time to time; 
• 
"EUWA" refers to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
• 
"EXCO" refers to the executive committee of the Corporation;

--- Page 56 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 41 - 
70-41079910 
 
• 
"Establishment Agreement" refers to the agreement for the establishment of the Corporation 
dated 28 May 2007; 
• 
"Exchange Act" refers to the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 
• 
"Gabon" refers to the Gabonese Republic; 
• 
"The Gambia" refers to the Islamic Republic of the Gambia; 
• 
"Ghana" refers to the Republic of Ghana; 
• 
"Guinea-Conakry" refers to the Republic of Guinea; 
• 
"Guinea-Bissau" refers to the Republic of Guinea-Bissau; 
• 
"Headquarters Agreement" refers to the agreement between the Corporation and the government 
of Nigeria regarding the headquarters of the Corporation dated 28 May 2007; 
• 
"India Exim Bank" refers to the Export-Import Bank of India; 
• 
"IFRS" refers to International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB; 
• 
"IMF" refers to the International Monetary Fund; 
• 
"Investment Company Act" refers to the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
• 
"Issuer" refers to the Corporation; 
• 
"Kenya" refers to the Republic of Kenya; 
• 
"Liberia" refers to the Republic of Liberia; 
• 
"Madagascar" refers to the Republic of Madagascar; 
• 
"Malawi" refers to the Republic of Malawi; 
• 
"Mali" refers to the Republic of Mali; 
• 
"Mauritania" refers to the Islamic Republic of Mauritania; 
• 
"Mauritius" refers to the Republic of Mauritius; 
• 
"Member Countries" refers to the members of the Corporation, which as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus are Nigeria, Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Chad, 
Congo-Brazzaville, Côte d'Ivoire, the DRC, Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, 
Guinea-Bissau, Guinea-Conakry, Kenya, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, 
Mauritius, Morocco, Namibia, Niger, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan, The 
Gambia, Togo, Tunisia, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe; 
• 
"MIGA" refers to the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency; 
• 
"Namibia" refers to the Republic of Namibia; 
• 
"Naira" or "₦" refers to the lawful currency of the Federal Republic of Nigeria; 
• 
"Niger" refers to the Republic of Niger; 
• 
"Nigeria" refers to the Federal Republic of Nigeria; 
• 
"Nigerian ISA" refers to the Nigerian Investments and Securities Act, No. 29 of 2007, as amended; 
• 
"Nigerian SEC" refers to the Nigerian Securities and Exchange Commission;

--- Page 57 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 42 - 
70-41079910 
 
• 
"PRC" refers to the People's Republic of China; 
• 
"Prospectus Regulation" refers to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
• 
"Relevant State" refers to any Member State of the European Economic Area and the UK which 
has implemented the Prospectus Regulation; 
• 
"Rwanda" refers to the Republic of Rwanda; 
• 
"SEC" refers to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 
• 
"Securities Act" refers to the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
• 
"Senegal" refers to the Republic of Senegal; 
• 
"Sierra Leone" refers to the Republic of Sierra Leone; 
• 
"South African rand" refers to the lawful currency of the Republic of South Africa; 
• 
"Tanzania" refers to the United Republic of Tanzania; 
• 
"Togo" refers to the Togolese Republic; 
• 
"Tunisia" refers to the Republic of Tunisia; 
• 
"Uganda" refers to the Republic of Uganda; 
• 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" refers to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; 
• 
"United States" or the "U.S." refers to the United States of America; 
• 
"U.S. dollar" or "U.S.$" refers to the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
• 
"Zambia" refers to the Republic of Zambia; 
• 
"Zimbabwe" refers to the Republic of Zimbabwe; and 
• 
"2016 Order" the Diplomatic Immunities and Privileges (Africa Finance Corporation) order. 
Certain foreign language terms 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 58 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 43 - 
70-41079910 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 29 to 62 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 8 April 2015 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" (which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_7586a23f-d940-4623-99f0-9adf9256d0ad.PDF); 
(b) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 32 to 67 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 29 December 2016 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" (which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c4a7339e-fea8-4b63-9532-
ee9425841385.PDF); 
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 33 to 68 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 29 March 2017 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" (which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_2e1b6149-5003-4a72-a3bd-e3e5e480578c.PDF); 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 37 to 76 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 5 April 2019 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" (which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+05.04_f8707302-8075-4358-b348-
49c39a1a891d.PDF); 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 41 to 80 of the Base Prospectus dated 2 
June 2020 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_a43a95cc-dac7-4d08-88f8-ff53bd462b1b.PDF); and 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 45 to 84 of the Base Prospectus dated 23 
April 2021 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202104/07c79b3c-1104-4736-b1b9-e171a8b49a19.PDF). 
If documents which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus themselves incorporate any 
information or other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents 
shall not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, except where such 
information or other documents are specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent, from the Issuer's website 
(www.africafc.org) and the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). Other than in relation 
to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 59 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 44 - 
70-41079910 
 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 45 - 
70-41079910 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE CORPORATION 
Africa Finance Corporation is a multilateral development financial institution dedicated to infrastructure 
financing in Africa, primarily through debt and equity investments, project development and financial 
advisory services. It was established and commenced operations on 1 November 2007 and is headquartered 
in Lagos, Nigeria. The Corporation is focused on bridging Africa's large infrastructure deficit by financing 
projects that have high developmental impact on the economies of African countries. Its primary goal is to 
be the leading African institution for infrastructure financing and the facilitation of international trade in 
Africa. The mission of the Corporation is to foster the economic growth and industrial development of 
African countries, while delivering a competitive return on investment to its shareholders. As part of its 
mandate, the Corporation focuses on lending to and investing in the core infrastructure sectors of power, 
natural resources, transport and logistics, heavy industry and telecommunications, which it believes are 
critical pillars for economic growth across Africa. 
The Corporation was created by two constitutive legal instruments: (i) the Establishment Agreement and 
(ii) the Charter. The Establishment Agreement is made among sovereign states, which sign an instrument 
of accession and acceptance of membership, giving the Corporation its "supranational" status. The 
Corporation is set up with a hybrid structure where the concepts of membership and shareholding are 
separate. Membership is only open to sovereign African countries and African multilateral financial 
institutions while shareholding is open to both public and private sector investors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Corporation has 43 Member Countries: Nigeria, Angola, Benin, 
Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Chad, Congo-Brazzaville, Côte d'Ivoire, the 
DRC, Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea-Conakry, Kenya, 
Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Morocco, Namibia, Niger, Rwanda, São Tomé 
and Príncipe, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan, The Gambia, Togo, Tunisia, Uganda, Zambia 
and Zimbabwe and three multilateral financial institution members, Africa Re, the African Development 
Bank and BADEA. Member Countries are African countries that have acceded to the Establishment 
Agreement and Charter, which grants the Corporation certain immunities and privileges in those countries. 
Similar to other multilateral development banks, such as the AfDB, membership confers a supranational 
status and certain benefits such as "preferred creditor status", which includes tax exemptions, preferential 
access to foreign currency and immunity from confiscation of its assets in its Member Countries. The 
Corporation has an authorised share capital of U.S.$2 billion, of which U.S.$1.1 billion was issued and 
fully paid in at the Corporation's inception in 2007. As at 30 June 2024, 48 shareholders had subscribed 
and paid for shares in the Corporation amounting to U.S.$1.6 billion, in accordance with the terms of the 
Charter. The Corporation's capital has been principally provided by Nigeria, through the CBN, major 
commercial banks and financial institutions, other private sector commercial entities and individuals. 
The Corporation acts as both a leading financier and adviser to its clients in Africa, offering project and 
structured debt finance, trade finance, greenfield and expansion equity, as well as acquisition capital. These 
products are complemented with advisory capabilities in areas such as project development, capital raisings 
and restructurings. The Corporation has a number of strategic partnerships aimed at establishing market 
presence and recognition, which also create deal flow for the Corporation. For example, partnerships have 
been established with the Nigeria Sovereign Investment Authority and Banque Ouest Africaine de 
Développement to co-develop and finance infrastructure projects in Nigeria and Francophone West Africa, 
respectively, as well as with the U.S. Power Africa Initiative, which covers investments in the power sector 
across Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria and Tanzania. The Corporation has also established 
partnerships with: (i) the International Finance Corporation, the Netherlands Development Finance 
Company ("FMO") and the Development Bank of Southern Africa ("DBSA") among others, in order to 
foster greater co-operation among DFIs, increase efficiencies and streamline due diligence processes; (ii) 
the United Nation's Green Climate Fund ("GCF") and the Agence Française de Développement ("AFD"), 
which will improve the Corporation's competitive ability to provide financing for climate change related 
projects; and (iii) the OPEC Fund for International Development ("OFID") for infrastructure projects in 
OPEC Fund eligible countries. In October 2021, the Corporation agreed to work more closely with the 
Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency ("MIGA") in order to structure comprehensive solutions to de-
risk and support infrastructure projects in Africa and in June 2022, the Corporation and the Islamic 
Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector, a multilateral development financial institution, 
announced their intention to collaborate on financing eligible transactions in their common member 
countries. The Corporation also established a relationship with Italian development finance institution 
Cassa Despositi e Prestiti SpA to facilitate investments in renewable power, energy efficient projects and 
climate-resilient infrastructure, helping to expand Italy's global investment footprint in high-quality

--- Page 61 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 46 - 
70-41079910 
 
infrastructure projects in Africa. Furthermore, as part of its efforts to promote U.S. –Africa trade and to 
enhance opportunities for collaboration on projects in the renewable energy and critical minerals spaces, 
the Corporation signed a memorandum of understanding with Export–Import Bank of the United States, 
the official export credit agency of the United States.  
Furthermore, in February 2023, the Corporation and Solid Minerals Development Fund ("SMDF"), a 
Nigerian mining-focused development fund, entered into a cooperation agreement aimed at identifying 
high-potential mining prospects and providing early-stage risk capital to sponsors of early-stage mining 
projects in Nigeria. This strategic collaboration builds on the Corporation's various investments in Nigeria, 
including its first commercial gold production facility, the Segilola Gold Mine. In April 2023, the 
Corporation was accredited as an Implementing Partner of the Multilateral Center for Development Finance 
("MCDF") Finance Facility. The MCDF is a multilateral initiative aimed at fostering high-quality 
infrastructure and connectivity investments in developing countries. The MCDF supports accredited 
international financial institutions and their member countries to better address the challenges of quality 
and long-term sustainability of infrastructure and connectivity by financing project preparation activities 
for high-quality investments and building the capacity of member countries and partners to implement such 
investments. The target sectors of the MCDF are transport, energy, telecommunications and water. The 
MCDF Finance Facility, administered by the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, provides grant 
financing, either in full or in part, for the preparation and project development work of infrastructure 
investments being contemplated by implementing partners. The Corporation executed an Implementing 
Partner Agreement with the MCDF in July 2023 and is now positioned to leverage the support of the MCDF 
to further de-risk high-value transformational projects in its project development activities. In November 
2023, the Corporation signed a memorandum of understanding with the Saudi Fund for Development to 
expand its U.S.$10.7 billion of development support in Africa. 
In February 2024, the Corporation signed an equity investment term sheet, pledging up to U.S.$40 million 
towards the construction of the African Medical Centre of Excellence Abuja hospital. In April 2024, the 
Corporation invested U.S.$14.1 million to further the development of the Xlinks’ Morocco – UK Power 
Project, which will provide affordable, reliable, clean energy from Morocco to Britain within a decade. In 
May 2024, the Corporation, together with Alstom, a pioneer in sustainable mobility, signed a memorandum 
of understanding to propel the development of the MetroKin rail project in Kinshasa, DRC. The partnership 
builds on the Corporation’s prior agreement in 2023 with Trans Connexion Congo to develop a mass transit 
system that extends over 300km of railroad in Kinshasa. Additionally, in May 2024, the Corporation led 
the commercial funding for a EUR 381.5 million package to finance the engineering, procurement and 
construction of 186 bridges and crucially needed enhancements to Angola’s road network. In June 2024, 
the Corporation granted a U.S.$150.0 million loan to expand the Kamoa-Kakula Copper Complex, the 
largest copper mine along the Lobito Corridor. In July 2024, the Corporation and Arise IIP, the pan-African 
developer and operator of industrial parks announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding to 
establish a dedicated US $100.0 million capital pool for African entrepreneurs who are establishing 
operations within any of the Arise IIP Special Economic Zones (SEZ) in Africa. In August 2024, the 
Corporation announced the arrangement of a project development facility in Akwa Ibom, Nigeria, to 
support Africa’s largest gas-to-methanol plant with the aim of significantly reducing CO2 emissions by 
offsetting flaring of natural gas and turning it instead into a valuable chemical. 
The Corporation's principal assets are loans predominantly in U.S. dollars, to borrowers in Africa and 
investment securities including liquid assets that are placed with investment grade financial institutions that 
are mostly located outside Africa, pending deployment of such funds for use in infrastructure projects in 
Africa. The Corporation's total assets and interest income increased from U.S.$8.6 billion and U.S.$384.3 
million, respectively, as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 to U.S.$12.3 billion and U.S.$780.9 
million, respectively, as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, demonstrating compound annual 
growth rates ("CAGR") over the period of 20.1% and 42.5%, respectively (calculated for the compounding 
period 2021 – 2023 as the percentage of the square root of the end value divided by the beginning value 
minus one). As at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Corporation's total assets and interest 
income were U.S.$12.2 billion and U.S.$525.9 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2023, 
the Corporation realised a profit of U.S.$329.7 million and total comprehensive income of U.S.$327.0 
million, which has increased from U.S.$209.7 million and U.S.$188.2 million, respectively for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, demonstrating CAGR over the period of 25.4% and 31.8%, respectively. For the 
six months ended 30 June 2024, the Corporation realised a profit of U.S.$254.6 million and total 
comprehensive income of U.S.$254.4 million, respectively.

--- Page 62 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 47 - 
70-41079910 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The following tables set forth, in summary form, selected consolidated financial information for the 
Corporation as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, for the six months ended 30 June 2023, and 
as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, as derived 
from the Financial Statements, which are prepared in accordance with IFRS. This information should be 
read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Financial Statements and the 
related notes thereto. 
Statement of Financial Position Information 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks ................................... 
27,582 
6,711 
122,682 
49,296 
Loans and advances to banks .................................... 
859,751 
1,371,103 
1,372,568 
1,841,697 
Derivative financial instruments ................................ 
166,452 
263,391 
184,370 
107,098 
Loans and advances to other customers ..................... 
4,755,529 
4,283,292 
3,612,264 
2,980,856 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.... 
 
1,614,840 
1,601,402 
1,623,954 
1,488,564 
Investment securities ................................................. 
3,815,751 
3,783,322 
2,920,560 
1,607,923 
Pledged assets ........................................................... 
449,450 
521,039 
611,209 
409,485 
Other assets ............................................................... 
33,081 
30,877 
72,593 
70,761 
Property and equipment ............................................ 
3,996 
5,087 
7,046 
8,070 
Intangible assets ........................................................ 
187 
200 
566 
1,135 
Non-current assets held for sale................................. 
466,611 
478,713 
— 
— 
Total assets ............................................................... 
12,193,230 
12,345,137 
10,527,812 
8,564,885 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities ...................... 
197,687 
188,576 
187,890 
126,303 
Derivative financial instruments ................................ 
76,282 
128,914 
72,281 
13,799 
Borrowings ................................................................ 
8,017,439 
8,324,483 
7,568,205 
6,186,020 
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale
 ............................................................................... 
 
285,206 
282,472 
— 
— 
Total liabilities ......................................................... 
8,576,614 
8,924,445 
7,828,376 
6,326,122 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
Share capital .............................................................. 
1,551,716 
1,537,719 
1,290,527 
1,171,176 
Share premium .......................................................... 
438,556 
423,675 
184,018 
66,432 
Share warrants ........................................................... 
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
Retained earnings ...................................................... 
1,453,591 
1,286,318 
1,049,190 
824,808 
Fair value reserves..................................................... 
(27,247) 
(27,020) 
(24,299) 
(23,653) 
Total equity .............................................................. 
3,616,616 
3,420,692 
2,699,436 
2,238,763 
Total liabilities and equity ...................................... 
12,193,230 
12,345,137 
10,527,812 
8,564,885 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income Information 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
 
Interest income .......................................................... 
525,924 
355,836 
780,904 
535,289 
384,303 
Interest expense ......................................................... 
(215,192) 
(167,585) 
(350,404) 
(207,401) 
(163,561) 
Net interest income .................................................. 
310,732 
188,251 
430,500 
327,888 
220.742 
Credit risk insurance.................................................. 
(10,774) 
(9,977) 
(19,150) 
(17,580) 
(19,200) 
Dividend income ....................................................... 
5,238 
714 
15,557 
8,392 
3,581 
Fees, commissions and other income ........................ 
30,716 
29,573 
70,567 
81,709 
54,337 
Operating income .................................................... 
335,912 
208,561 
497,474 
400,409 
259,460 
Net gain on financial instruments at fair value 
through profit or loss ............................................. 
3,399 
(7,735) 
2,448 
33,243 
62,820 
Net impairment charge on financial assets ................ 
(21,940) 
(38,328) 
(64,849) 
(50,657) 
(39,475) 
Gain on sale of financial assets ................................. 
2,049 
7,126 
20,969 
1,257 
1,565 
Operating expenses ................................................... 
(49,870) 
(42,729) 
(102,144) 
(98,333) 
(74,196) 
Profit for the year from continuing operations ..... 
269,550 
126,895 
353,898 
285,919 
210,174 
(Loss)/profit for the year from discontinued 
operations .............................................................. 
(14,939) 
(7,300) 
(24,208) 
— 
(448) 
Profit for the year .................................................... 
254,611 
119,595 
329,690 
285,919 
209,726

--- Page 63 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 48 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
 
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or 
loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
Net changes on FVOCI financial assets (equity 
instruments) ........................................................... 
(227) 
4,502 
(2,503) 
(646) 
(21,523) 
Remeasurement of defined benefit liability  
 
 
(218) 
— 
—  
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or 
loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income / loss  ....................... 
(227) 
4,502 
(2,721) 
(646) 
(21,523) 
Total Comprehensive Income for the year/period  
254,384 
124,097 
326,969 
285,273 
188,203 
Profit for the year/period is attributable to: .......... 
 
 
 
 
 
Owners of the Parent: ................................................ 
254,611 
119,595 
329,960 
285,919 
209,726 
Profit for the year/period ........................................ 
254,611 
119,595 
329,690 
285,919 
209,726 
Total comprehensive income for the year/period .. 
254,384 
124,097 
326,969 
285,273 
188,203 
Earnings per share - continuing operations ................ 
17.46 
9.49 
25.34 
24.37 
18.13 
Earnings per share - discontinued operations ............ 
(0.97) 
(0.55) 
(1.73) 
— 
(0.04) 
Earnings per share - Basic/diluted (United States 
cents) ..................................................................... 
16.49 
8.94 
23.61 
24.37 
18.09 
 
Key Ratios 
 
For the six 
months ended 
30 June 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(%) 
 
(%) 
 
Profitability ratios: 
 
 
 
 
Return on average assets(1) ........................................ 
4.2 
2.9 
3.0 
2.6 
Return on average equity(2) ........................................ 
14.5 
11.0 
12.1 
9.7 
Net interest margin(3) ................................................. 
6.0 
4.5 
4.1 
3.2 
Cost-to-income ratio(4) ............................................... 
14.6 
19.6 
22.7 
22.9 
Earning assets to total assets ratio(5) .......................... 
95 
94 
97.5 
98 
Impaired assets to total asset ratio(6) .......................... 
1.0 
1.0 
1.2 
1.1 
Dividend payout ratio(7) ............................................. 
- 
25 
30 
30 
Non-performing loans ratio(8) .................................... 
2.0 
2.0 
2.2 
1.7 
Capital adequacy ratios: 
 
 
 
 
Basel II ratio(9) ........................................................... 
34.7 
34.5 
34.3 
33.2 
Liquidity coverage ratio(10) ........................................ 
139 
161 
202 
199 
 _______________  
(1) Return on average assets is calculated as the Corporation's net profit for the year/period attributable to equity holders of the 
Corporation divided by the average of opening and closing balances of its total assets for the relevant year/period. The Corporation 
targets a return on average assets of 4%. 
(2) Return on average equity is calculated as the Corporation's net profit for the year/period attributable to equity holders of the 
Corporation divided by the average of opening and closing balances of equity attributable to equity holders of the Corporation. 
The Corporation targets a return on average equity of 8%. 
(3) Net interest margin is calculated as interest income earned less interest expense accrued, divided by the Corporation's average 
interest-earning assets for the period. 
(4) Cost to income ratio is calculated as operating expenses divided by operating income plus net gains on financial instruments at 
fair value through profit or loss for the applicable period plus gain on sale of financial assets. 
(5) Earning assets to total assets ratio is calculated as total assets minus other assets, derivative financial instruments, property and 
equipment, intangible assets divided by total assets. The Corporation targets an earning assets to total assets ratio of greater than 
95%. 
(6) Impaired assets to total assets ratio is calculated as the net carrying value of the Corporation's credit-impaired loans divided by 
total assets. 
(7) Dividend pay-out ratio is calculated as dividends proposed during the year/period divided by total comprehensive income for the 
year/period. 
(8) Non-performing loans ratio is calculated as the gross value of the Corporation's credit-impaired loans and advances to customers 
as at 30 June or 31 December divided by the total gross value of the Corporation's loan portfolio. "Credit-impaired loans" are 
loans for which there is objective evidence that one or more events have occurred that have had or are expected to have a 
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset. Such events might include (i) significant financial 
difficulty of the borrower or issuer; (ii) a breach of contract such as a default or past due event; (iii) the restructuring of a loan or 
advance by the Corporation on terms that the Corporation would not consider otherwise; (iv) increased likelihood that the 
borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or (v) the disappearance of an active market for a security 
because of financial difficulties. 
(9) Basel II ratio is calculated as the Corporation's total risk capital to its risk weighted assets. See "Risk Factors―Risks relating to 
the Corporation and its jurisdictions of operation―Unlike other regulated financial institutions, the Corporation is not subject 
to external regulatory oversight".

--- Page 64 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 49 - 
70-41079910 
 
(10) Liquidity coverage ratio is calculated as the Corporation's stock of high-quality liquid assets as a proportion of its minimum 
liquidity level. See "Risk Management—Liquidity Risk" and note 3.3 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
CAGR (2021–2023) 
Statement of Financial Position 
 
CAGR (2021–2023) 
 
(%) 
Loans and advances to banks ..................................................................................................................  
(13.7)% 
Loans and advances to other customers ...................................................................................................  
19.9% 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss..................................................................................  
3.7% 
Investment securities ...............................................................................................................................  
53.4% 
Other assets .............................................................................................................................................  
(33.9)% 
Total assets .............................................................................................................................................  
20.1% 
Borrowings ..............................................................................................................................................  
16.0% 
Total equity ............................................................................................................................................  
23.6% 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income Information 
 
CAGR (2021–2023) 
 
(%) 
Interest income ........................................................................................................................................  
42.5% 
Interest expense .......................................................................................................................................  
46.4% 
Net interest income ................................................................................................................................  
39.7% 
Dividend income .....................................................................................................................................  
108.4% 
Fees, commissions and other income ......................................................................................................  
14.0% 
Operating income ..................................................................................................................................  
38.5% 
Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss ......................................................  
(80.3)% 
Net impairment charge on financial assets ..............................................................................................  
28.2% 
Operating expenses 
17.3% 
Profit for the year ..................................................................................................................................  
25.4% 
Total comprehensive income for the year ............................................................................................  
31.8%

--- Page 65 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 50 - 
70-41079910 
 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In 
relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included 
in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which 
is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an 
individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to amend, replace or complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes 
will be contained in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). 
For any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms will, for the purpose of that Tranche only, complete 
information in this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Conditions described in this Base 
Prospectus as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 66 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 51 - 
70-41079910 
 
SUPPLEMENTS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 67 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 52 - 
70-41079910 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The relevant Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the Final Terms" for a 
description of the content of the Final Terms. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Africa Finance Corporation (the "Issuer") 
constituted by an amended and restated trust deed (as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the "Trust Deed") dated 5 April 2019 made between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, as trustee (the "Trustee", which expression shall include any successor trustee) as supplemented 
by a supplemental trust deed dated 3 June 2022 made between the Issuer and the Trustee. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency 
agreement (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") 
dated 5 April 2019 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing 
and principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying 
Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor exchange agent) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as registrar (the "Registrar" and which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and a transfer agent (together with the other transfer agents 
named therein and together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall include any 
additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. 
Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
Each Tranche of Notes is the subject either of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these 
Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") or a drawdown prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus"), 
which supplements, amends and/or replaces these Conditions for the purpose of that Tranche of Notes only. 
References to: (i) the "relevant Final Terms" are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note; and (ii) the "relevant Drawdown Prospectus" are to the Drawdown 
Prospectus (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached or endorsed on this Note. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the several persons whose names are 
entered in the register of holders of the Registered Notes as the holders thereof and shall, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and 
Title)), and the holders of the Coupons (the "Couponholders", which expression shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.

--- Page 68 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 53 - 
70-41079910 
 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying 
Agents and Transfer Agents (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the "Agents"). 
Copies of the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) are available 
for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Principal Paying Agent. The Noteholders and 
the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as 
the case may be) which is/are applicable to them. The statements in these Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final 
Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) shall have the same meanings where used 
in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in 
the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail 
and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final 
Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the relevant Final Terms or the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the relevant Final Terms or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms or 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required 
by law and the Trust Deed) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the 
registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the immediately succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or 
the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and

--- Page 69 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 54 - 
70-41079910 
 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner or 
holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered 
the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes 
under the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in 
accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by 
its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Registered Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the 
case may be) or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Trustee. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other 
participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on 
behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a 
Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for Registered Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial 
interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) and 
only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. Transfers of 
a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to 
transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of 
DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in Definitive Form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set 
out in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may 
be)). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the 
Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part 
of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or its or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications 
as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity 
of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe 
(the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 5 to the Agency Agreement). Subject 
as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as

--- Page 70 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 55 - 
70-41079910 
 
may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), 
authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive 
form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. The transfer of part of a Registered Note is not permitted if the 
principal amount of the balance of the Registered Note is not a Specified Denomination. 
No holder may require the transfer of a Registered Note in definitive form to be registered 
during the period of 15 calendar days ending on the due date for any payment of principal 
or interest in respect of such Note. 
(c) 
Registration of Transfer upon Partial Redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, 
or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of Registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be 
imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of Interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder 
of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United 
States or who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer 
Certificate"), copies of which are available from the specified office of any 
Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or beneficial interest therein to 
the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor 
reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a QP in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably 
require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in 
compliance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (i) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in 
global or definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period 
(i) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee 
for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through 
a participant in DTC and (ii) such certification requirements will no longer apply to such 
transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of Interests in Legended Notes

--- Page 71 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 56 - 
70-41079910 
 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global 
Note, upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from 
the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
Regulation S and that in the case of a Regulation S Global Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the 
applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes being 
transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note where 
the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB who 
is also a QP in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without 
certification; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably 
require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in 
compliance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request 
for removal of the legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to 
remove the legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such 
satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth 
therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
(g) 
Exchanges and Transfers of Registered Notes Generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in 
a Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes, as certified by the relevant Dealer 
(in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Manager(s) (in the case of a 
syndicated issue); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Indebtedness" means any obligation (whether incurred as principal or as surety) for the 
payment or repayment of money, whether present or future, actual or contingent; 
"Investment Company Act" means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by 
a Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs who are also QPs in 
accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A; 
"Material Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
which, for the most recent IFRS fiscal period, accounted for more than 5% of the 
consolidated net operating income of the Group; or which, as of the end of the

--- Page 72 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 57 - 
70-41079910 
 
most recent IFRS fiscal period, was the owner of more than 5% of the 
consolidated assets of the Group, each as set out in the most recent available 
consolidated financial statements of the Group for such IFRS fiscal period (with 
effect from the date of issuance of such statements); or 
(ii) 
to which are transferred substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer was a Material 
Subsidiary (with effect from the date of such transaction); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"QIB" means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"QP" means a qualified purchaser under the Investment Company Act; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the 
United States or to QIBs; and 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, general and unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu in right of payment 
with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary 
to create, incur, assume or permit to arise or subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted 
Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of their respective undertakings, assets or revenues, 
present or future, to secure any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or any Indebtedness Guarantee 
in respect of such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the 
Issuer's obligations under the Trust Deed and the Notes are secured equally and rateably therewith 
(to the satisfaction of the Trustee) or have the benefit of such other arrangement as may be approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders or as the Trustee in its discretion shall deem to be 
not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders. 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any Indebtedness of any Person for or in respect of 
(i) moneys borrowed, (ii) amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility, (iii) 
amounts raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan 
stock or similar instruments, (iv) the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase 
contracts which would, in accordance with international financial reporting standards, be treated 
as finance or capital leases, (v) the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for 
assets or services the payment of which is deferred primarily as a means of raising finance or 
financing the acquisition of the relevant asset or service and (vi) amounts raised under any other 
transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement and the sale of receivables or other 
assets on a "with recourse" basis) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

--- Page 73 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 58 - 
70-41079910 
 
"Indebtedness Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation 
of another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation) (i) any obligation to 
purchase such Indebtedness, (ii) any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or 
other securities or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness, (iii) any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness and (iv) any other agreement to be responsible for repayment of such Indebtedness; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest: 
(a) 
granted in favour of the Issuer by any Subsidiary to secure Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money owed by such entity to the Issuer; 
(b) 
which arises pursuant to any order of attachment, distraint or similar legal process arising 
in connection with court proceedings or as security for costs and expenses in any such 
proceedings, so long as the execution or other enforcement thereof is effectively stayed 
and the claims secured thereby are being contested in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings; 
(c) 
arising in the ordinary course of the Issuer's or a Subsidiary's business and (i) which are 
necessary in order to enable the Issuer or such Subsidiary to comply with any mandatory 
or customary requirement imposed on it by a banking or other regulatory authority in 
connection with the Issuer's or such Subsidiary's business or (ii) limited to deposits made 
in the name of the Issuer or such Subsidiary to secure obligations of the Issuer's or such 
Subsidiary's customers or (iii) including sale and purchase agreements, and share, loan, 
and bond lending transactions provided that such Security Interest is limited to specified 
assets which are the subject of the relevant transactions; 
(d) 
on property acquired (or deemed to be acquired) under a financial lease, or claims arising 
from the use or loss of or damage to such property, provided that any such encumbrance 
secures only rentals and other amounts payable under such lease; 
(e) 
arising pursuant to any agreement (or other applicable terms and conditions) which is 
standard or customary in the relevant market (and not for the purpose of raising credit or 
funds for the operation of the Issuer or any Subsidiary), in connection with (i) contracts 
entered into substantially simultaneously for sales and purchases at market prices of 
securities, (ii) the establishment of margin deposits and similar securities in connection 
with interest rate and foreign currency hedging operations and trading in securities or 
precious metals or (iii) the Issuer's foreign exchange dealings or other proprietary trading 
activities including, without limitation in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii), Repos; 
(f) 
granted upon or with regard to any property hereafter acquired by the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary to secure the purchase price of such property or to secure Indebtedness incurred 
solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property and transactional 
expenses related to such acquisition (other than a Security Interest created in 
contemplation of such acquisition), provided that the maximum amount of Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money thereafter secured by such Security Interest does not exceed the 
purchase price of such property (including transactional expenses) or the Indebtedness 
incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property; 
(g) 
arising in connection with any securitisation of receivables, asset backed financing, or 
comparable secured loan financing or similar arrangement by which an entity acquires or 
provides finance against the security of certain assets or revenues and that entity funds 
such acquisition or financing from external funding sources (including, but not limited to, 
debt securities or banking facilities) on terms that such funding will be repaid primarily 
from such assets or revenues; 
(h) 
arising out of the refinancing, extension, renewal or refunding of any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money secured by a Security Interest either existing on or before the Issue Date 
of the Notes or permitted by any of the above exceptions, provided that the Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money thereafter secured by such Security Interest does not exceed the

--- Page 74 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 59 - 
70-41079910 
 
amount of the original Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and such Security Interest is not 
extended to cover any property not previously subject to such Security Interest; 
(i) 
any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading; 
(j) 
any Security Interest or Quasi-Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase 
or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods 
supplied to the Issuer or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of trading and on the 
supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary; 
(k) 
any collateral, margin, netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purposes of netting 
debit and credit balances; 
(l) 
any Security Interest over any cash deposit securing an obligation of the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary under any risk participation agreement; 
(m) 
any Security Interest over any Project Finance Equity Interests granted in favour of the 
lenders in a limited recourse project financing; 
(n) 
any Security Interest arising in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the AFC 
Establishment Agreement and Charter of the Issuer, excluding for the avoidance of doubt 
any Security Interest incurred by the Issuer or any Subsidiary securing: 
(i) 
moneys borrowed and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions; 
(ii) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit or bill facility or 
dematerialised equivalent; 
(iii) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, 
notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which 
would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease; 
(v) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are 
sold on a non-recourse basis); 
(vi) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(vii) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or 
benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of 
any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value will be taken into 
account, provided that such value is negative); and/or 
(o) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; 
(p) 
any other Security Interest or Quasi-Security securing indebtedness the principal amount 
of which, when aggregated with the principal amount of any other indebtedness which has 
the benefit of Security Interest or Quasi-Security given by the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
(other than any permitted under this Condition 4), does not exceed 5% of the equity plus 
reserves of the Issuer in any financial year of the Issuer. 
Where: 
"Project Finance Equity Interests" means: 
(a) 
shares owned by the Issuer or any Subsidiary in any special purpose project company;

--- Page 75 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 60 - 
70-41079910 
 
(b) 
shareholder loans made by the Issuer or any Subsidiary in favour of any special purpose 
project company; and 
(c) 
any other interest of the Issuer or any Subsidiary in any special purpose project company 
which is construed as equity pursuant to the terms of the applicable project financing 
documents, 
in each case, where such special purpose project company is the subject of a limited recourse 
project financing; 
"Quasi-Security" means an arrangement or transaction to: 
(a) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may 
be leased to or re-acquired by it; 
(b) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any receivables on recourse terms; 
(c) 
enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account 
may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts; or 
(d) 
enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect, 
in each case in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a 
method of raising indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset; 
"Repo" means a securities repurchase or resale agreement or reverse repurchase or resale 
agreement, a securities borrowing agreement or any agreement relating to securities which is 
similar in effect to any of the foregoing and for purposes of this definition, the term "securities" 
means any capital stock, share, debenture or other debt or equity instrument, or derivative thereof, 
whether issued by any private or public company, any government or agency or instrumentality 
thereof or any supernational, international or multilateral organisation; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security interest or other 
encumbrance securing any obligation of any Person or any other type of preferential arrangement 
having similar effect over any assets or revenues of such Person; and 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at a given time, any other Person 
(the "second Person") (i) whose affairs and policies the first Person directly or indirectly controls 
or (ii) as to whom the first Person owns directly or indirectly more than 50.0%, of the capital, 
voting stock or other right of ownership and "Control," as used in this definition, means the power 
by the first Person to direct the management and the policies of the second Person, whether through 
the ownership of share capital, by contract or otherwise. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the relevant Final Terms or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 76 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 61 - 
70-41079910 
 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as 
the case may be), interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 5(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be): 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as the case may be)) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as the case may be), the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number 
of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day 
months) divided by 360.

--- Page 77 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 62 - 
70-41079910 
 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case 
may be); or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls within the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the relevant 
Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression 
shall, in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
or

--- Page 78 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 63 - 
70-41079910 
 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and any Additional 
Business Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be); and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated 
Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the 
"TARGET2 System") which was launched on 19 November 2007, or 
any successor thereto, is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be)) the margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one highest quotation, one only of those quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one lowest quotation, one only of those 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered quotations.

--- Page 79 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 64 - 
70-41079910 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, 
no offered quotation appears or if, in the case of (2) above, fewer than 
three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Euro zone inter bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro zone inter 
bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B), the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as the case may be) as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as provided in the 
relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case 
may be). 
If the Floating Rate Notes of any Series become immediately due and 
repayable under Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the 
rate and/or amount of interest payable in respect of them will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent at the same intervals as if such Notes 
had not become due and repayable, the first of which will commence on 
the expiry of the Interest Period during which the Notes of the relevant 
Series become so due and repayable mutatis mutandis in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 5 (Interest) except that the rates of 
interest need not be published.

--- Page 80 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 65 - 
70-41079910 
 
(B) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate 
Determination) 
(1) 
This Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may 
be) as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(2) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final 
Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may 
be), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(3) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B): 
"Benchmark" means SOFR or Compounded SOFR, which is a 
compounded average of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest 
Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set 
out in this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday 
or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number 
of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of 
Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) 
prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 360
𝑑

--- Page 81 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 66 - 
70-41079910 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such 
period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 82 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 67 - 
70-41079910 
 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(4) below, if the rate specified in 
(i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(4) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference 
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for 
all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with 
the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer 
will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and

--- Page 83 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 68 - 
70-41079910 
 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation 
thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its 
designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect 
to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not

--- Page 84 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 69 - 
70-41079910 
 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark 
announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;

--- Page 85 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 70 - 
70-41079910 
 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(5) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming 
Changes, 
determined 
under 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(4) above will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on 
which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent of the same, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has 
occurred, (y) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, 
(z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each 
case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(6) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for 
a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 86 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 71 - 
70-41079910 
 
(C) 
Interest – SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) as being applicable, 
as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) as being 
applicable, as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if 
any), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SOFR Compounded Index, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which 
the relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) 
the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling 
the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the seventh decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary 
(with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded 
upwards); 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, 
unless otherwise specified shall be five. 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate 
as published at 15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling 
the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, if, with 
respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index either 
on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that 
Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)) had been specified instead in the Final 
Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant

--- Page 87 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 72 - 
70-41079910 
 
Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift Period for the purposes of that definition in 5(b)(ii)(C), as 
applicable, shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the 
provisions of Condition 5(b)(vi) (Reference Rate Replacement) shall apply. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may 
be) specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (ii) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may 
be) specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (ii) above is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration 
If (i) the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events 
of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period during which the 
Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen 
Rate Determination)) and 5(b)(ii)(C) (Interest – SOFR Compounded Index 
(Screen Rate Determination)), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be 
the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest 
shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in the Conditions. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding.

--- Page 88 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 73 - 
70-41079910 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5(b): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case 
may be), the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=
[360𝑋(𝑌2−𝑌1)] + [30𝑋(𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=
[360𝑋(𝑌2−𝑌1)] + [30𝑋(𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2−𝐷1)
360

--- Page 89 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 74 - 
70-41079910 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=
[360𝑋(𝑌2−𝑌1)] + [30𝑋(𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Trustee, each other Paying Agent and any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the third London Business Day

--- Page 90 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 75 - 
70-41079910 
 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this subparagraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If: 
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable; and 
(ii) 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a Reference Rate at any time 
when any Rate of Interest (or component thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then (notwithstanding 
the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)) the following provisions shall 
apply to the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer 
determining (in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner): a Successor Reference Rate; 
or failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, and in each 
case, an Adjustment Spread (if any), no later than five Business 
Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component 
thereof) is to be determined by reference to the relevant 
Reference Rate (the "Initial Issuer Determination Cut-off 
Date"), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all 
other relevant future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation 
of, 
and 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in, 
this 
Condition 5(b)(vi) during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(B) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, 
following consultation with an Independent Adviser so 
appointed, it fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant 
Initial Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer may 
determine (in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner): a Successor Reference Rate; 
or failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, and, in each 
case, an Adjustment Spread (if any), no later than three Business 
Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component 
thereof) is to be determined by reference to the relevant 
Reference Rate (the "Final Issuer Determination Cut-off 
Date"), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all 
other relevant future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation 
of, 
and 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in, 
this 
Condition 5(b)(vi) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of 
determining any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any 
relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any

--- Page 91 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 76 - 
70-41079910 
 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined by the Issuer, 
following consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if 
applicable), in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(vi): 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference 
Rate for all future Interest Periods for which the Rate of 
Interest (or any component thereof) was otherwise to be 
determined by reference to the relevant Reference Rate 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment 
as provided in, this Condition 5(b)(vi)); 
(2) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the relevant 
Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner): 
(I) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) for all relevant future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in, 
this 
Condition 5(b)(vi)); or 
(II) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, an 
Adjustment Spread, then such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as 
applicable) 
will 
apply 
without 
an 
Adjustment Spread for all relevant future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 5(b)(vi)); 
(3) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the relevant 
Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in 
its discretion specify: 
(I) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow 
market practice in relation to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), including, but not limited to 
changes to (x) the Additional Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Reference 
Banks, 
Relevant Financial Centre, Relevant Screen 
Page and/or Specified Time applicable to the 
Notes; and/or (y) the method for determining 
the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to

--- Page 92 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 77 - 
70-41079910 
 
the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
not available; and 
(II) 
any other changes to the Conditions which the 
Issuer, following consultation with the relevant 
Independent 
Adviser 
(if 
applicable), 
determines are reasonably necessary to ensure 
the proper operation and comparability to the 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all relevant 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5(b)(vi)); and 
(4) 
promptly following the determination of (I) any 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and (II) if applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof 
and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) 
pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(vi) to the Agent, the 
Trustee, any stock exchange or listing authority on 
which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed (if 
required) and, in accordance with Condition 14, 
(Notices) the Noteholders. 
The Trustee shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the 
Conditions as may be required to give effect to this Condition 5(b)(vi) and the 
Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any consequence thereof, save as 
provided in the Trust Deed; provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to 
effect such consequential amendments if, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, doing 
so would impose more onerous obligations on it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights and/or protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental Trust Deed) in any way. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
as described in this Condition 5(b)(vi) or such other relevant changes pursuant to 
this Condition 5(b)(vi), including for the execution of any documents or the 
taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Trust Deed and/or 
the Agency Agreement (if required). 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of this 
Condition 5(b)(vi) prior to the relevant Final Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, 
then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by 
reference to the original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) but (ii) in such circumstances, the Rate of Interest for any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) shall be subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(b)(vi). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good

--- Page 93 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 78 - 
70-41079910 
 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is required to be 
applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor 
Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such 
recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the relevant 
Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt 
capital markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if neither (i) nor (ii) applies, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner), in its discretion determines to be 
appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Issuer, following 
consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines has replaced the 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component thereof) in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period(s), or, if the Issuer, 
following consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer, following 
consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), determines in 
its discretion is most comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
such Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of such Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Reference Rate that such Reference Rate will, on 
or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (iv)(A); or

--- Page 94 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 79 - 
70-41079910 
 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Reference Rate that means such Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified 
date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the Agent, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder or Couponholder using such Reference Rate; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international debt capital markets, in each case appointed under Condition 
3.2(g)(ii)(A) by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Reference Rate relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to 
which such Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Reference Rate" means the rate that the Issuer, following 
consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
(viii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 5(b), whether by the Calculation Agent or the 
Trustee, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith and manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Currency Linked Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Where Currency Linked Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated as: 
The product of: 
1. 
the Quotient Rate for the relevant Valuation Date for such Interest 
Period; and

--- Page 95 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 80 - 
70-41079910 
 
2. 
the Base Rate. 
Where, for the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C): 
"Currency Rate" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the rate expressed as the 
amount of the Reference Currency (to the nearest sub unit, half of any such sub 
unit being rounded upwards) that may be exchanged for a single currency unit of 
the Specified Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the offered quotation which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the 
Specified Time on the relevant Valuation Date(s) or as soon thereafter practicable. 
Reference herein to a "unit" of a specified currency shall be to a single currency 
unit (for example in respect of U.S. dollars, to a dollar) and reference to sub units, 
shall be to divisions of such unit (for example in respect of U.S. dollars, to a cent); 
"Disruption Event" means Price Source Disruption; 
"Initial Currency Rate" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus; 
"Base Rate" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus; 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Business Days as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Drawdown Prospectus; 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, it becomes 
impossible to obtain the Currency Rate on that Valuation Date (or, if different, 
the date on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source); 
"Quotient Rate" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the quotient of the Initial 
Currency Rate divided by the Currency Rate for such Valuation Date; 
"Reference Currency" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus; 
"Relevant Screen Page" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (or any substitute or successor page as determined 
by the Calculation Agent); 
"Specified Time" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus or as soon thereafter as practicable as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
"Valuation Date" means, subject to any Disruption Event, the date which is two 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as 
applicable). 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
If a Disruption Event occurs on a Valuation Date, the Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the first succeeding Business Day on which the applicable 
Disruption Event ceases to exist (measured from the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date) for 
consecutive Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption. If the 
Disruption Event shall not cease to exist within the Maximum Days of Disruption, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Currency Rate in its discretion acting 
in good faith and taking into consideration all available information that it deems 
relevant.

--- Page 96 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 81 - 
70-41079910 
 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only 
of such Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid 
by the Issuer; and 
(B) 
as provided in Clauses 2.2(b) and (c) of the Trust Deed. 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident 
account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque 
in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, 
at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Save as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), payments will be subject in all cases to any 
other applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws 
and regulations to which the Issuer or the Agent agree to be subject and neither the Issuer 
nor the Agent will be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied 
by such laws, regulations or agreements. No commission or expenses shall be charged to 
the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive 
Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case only at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum of principal due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later,

--- Page 97 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 82 - 
70-41079910 
 
five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in 
no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to 
its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" 
is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon 
provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be 
payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global 
Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note only at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States or its 
possessions. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any 
Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it 
was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question 
has been made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated 
Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained 
by the Registrar (the "Register") at the close of business on the Record Date (as defined 
below). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated 
Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than 
U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment 
will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank 
(as defined below). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, 
in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident 
account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the 
Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency 
other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any 
bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and 
mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first

--- Page 98 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 83 - 
70-41079910 
 
named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date") at its 
address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at its risk. Upon application of the 
holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment 
of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the 
due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for 
transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due 
on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder 
who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing 
to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered 
Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount 
of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being 
lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the 
Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall 
be paid by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the 
Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. 
dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such 
Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case 
may be, for its share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified 
office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner 
provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 99 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 84 - 
70-41079910 
 
(iii) 
the Issuer delivers to the Trustee a legal opinion (in a form and substance 
satisfactory to the Trustee) to the effect that such payment is then permitted under 
United States law and will not result in adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or 
holders of such Notes (such opinion the Trustee will be able to rely upon 
absolutely). 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to 
Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be); 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated 
in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC 
or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest 
in such Registered Global Note) has elected to receive any part of such payment 
in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition 
thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 85 - 
70-41079910 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in 
addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(h) 
RMB Account 
All payments in respect of the Notes in RMB will be made solely by credit to an RMB 
account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as RMB Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to 
time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of RMB 
in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB Settlement Centre). 
(i) 
RMB Currency Event 
If RMB Currency Events are specified in the applicable Final Terms and an RMB 
Currency Event occurs and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due in 
respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer's obligation to make payment in RMB under the 
terms of the Notes may be satisfied by payment of such amount in U.S. dollars converted 
using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of an RMB Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) not less than five nor more than 30 days before 
the relevant due date for payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the 
relevant RMB Currency Event occurs, as soon as practicable following such occurrence, 
stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms 
(and subject in the case of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions 
of Condition 5(b)(vi)): 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or 
any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purposes of these Conditions, 
shall exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China and Taiwan; 
"Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange) in Hong Kong, London and New York City; 
"Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
"RMB Currency Events" means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability 
and RMB Inconvertibility; 
"RMB Illiquidity" means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a 
payment, if any amount, in whole or in part, under the Notes, as determined by the Issuer 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with 
two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB 
exchange market in Hong Kong; 
"RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to convert in the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong any amount, in

--- Page 101 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 86 - 
70-41079910 
 
whole or in part, due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date, other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it 
is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
"RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account 
inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and 
it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation); and 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. 
dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for 
settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on 
a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is 
available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all 
available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, among 
other things, pricing information obtained from the RMB non-deliverable exchange 
market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC 
domestic foreign exchange market. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the 
display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor 
service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
(as the case may be) in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
If the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of the notice referred to 
below that: 
(i) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)), or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of Notes in the relevant Series, on the next Interest Payment 
Date the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation); and 
(ii) 
the requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
the Issuer may at its option, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' written 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), redeem all the Notes, but not some only, at any time at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of

--- Page 102 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 87 - 
70-41079910 
 
redemption, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the requirement 
referred to in (i) above will apply on the next Interest Payment Date and cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, and the Issuer shall have received 
an opinion from independent legal advisers of recognised standing confirming that the 
requirement (i) above will apply on the next Interest Payment Date. The Trustee shall be 
entitled to accept the certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of 
the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If the Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as the case may be), the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), above, 
written notice to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a 
redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case 
may be) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be). In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Bearer Notes or, in respect of definitive 
Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date bears to the aggregate nominal amount of outstanding Notes 
on such date and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period 
from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If the Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as the case may be), upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, 
the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, 
the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as 
the case may be), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the

--- Page 103 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 88 - 
70-41079910 
 
Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 7(d) 
in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a particular Note, the holder of such Note 
must, if the Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent, or as the case may be, the Registrar in accordance 
with the notice period specified in the paragraph immediately above, a duly completed 
and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent, or as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") 
and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made 
by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the 
case of a partial redemption of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be 
redeemed and an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2(b) (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If the relevant Note is 
in definitive bearer form the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is 
in definitive form and held through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this Note must, within 
the notice period, give notice to any Paying Agent and the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given on 
his or her or its instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any common 
depositary, as the case may be, for any of them to any such Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC from time 
to time and, if the relevant Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present 
or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to such Paying Agent for notation 
accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 7(d) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, 
may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7(d). 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (c) above and Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement), each Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Early Redemption 
Amount") calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable 
in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the 
amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the relevant Final 
Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be) or, if no such 
amount or manner is so specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus (as the case may be), at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑃× (1 + 𝐴𝑌)𝑦

--- Page 104 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 89 - 
70-41079910 
 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a Day Count Fraction being one of 30/360, Actual/360 or Actual/365 
as so specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as the case may be), the numerator of which is equal to the 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the applicable Day Count Fraction denominator. 
(iv) 
in the case of a Note where the Rate of Interest is to be determined by Currency 
Linked Determination, the Early Redemption Amount shall be the amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the product of the Quotient Rate and the Calculation 
Amount where the 'Valuation Date' shall, subject to any Disruption Event (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(i)) be the second London business day prior to the date 
of such early redemption. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, 
in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). 
All Notes so cancelled and any Notes surrendered pursuant to paragraph (f) above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded 
to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(h) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the amount calculated as provided in subparagraph (e)(iii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid by the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of or within any Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is

--- Page 105 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 90 - 
70-41079910 
 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders or Couponholders after the withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that 
no additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented or surrendered for payment (where presentation or surrender is required) in a 
Member Country; or 
(b) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to the Taxes in respect of the Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented or surrendered for payment (where presentation or surrender is required) more 
than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder 
would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting or surrendering the same for 
payment on the last day of the period of 30 days assuming (whether or not such is in fact 
the case) that day to have been a Business Day (as defined in Condition 5 (Interest)). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Member Country" means Nigeria, Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Sierra Leone, The 
Gambia, Liberia, Guinea-Conakry, Chad, Cape Verde and such other states that 
have become adherents to the Establishment Agreement in accordance with 
Article 5 of the Establishment Agreement; 
(ii) 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which the payment first becomes due, but if 
the full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or before the due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of the money having been so 
received, notice to that effect has been duly given to the Noteholders by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(iii) 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means any Member Country or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of 
principal and interest on the Notes or Coupons. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, each of the Issuer or any other person 
making payments on behalf of the Issuer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold as required, and 
shall not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding or 
deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note, pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (commonly referred to as "FATCA"), any treaty, 
law, regulation or other official guidance enacted by any jurisdiction implementing FATCA, any 
agreement between the Issuer or any other person and the United States or any jurisdiction 
implementing FATCA, or any law of any jurisdiction implementing an intergovernmental 
approach to FATCA. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless presented 
for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of 
interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant 
to Condition 6(b) (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons).

--- Page 106 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 91 - 
70-41079910 
 
10. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of not less 
than one fourth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction including by way of pre-funding) shall, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes 
are and they shall immediately become due and repayable at their principal amount 
together with accrued interest if any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") 
occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any of the principal of any of the Notes when the same 
becomes due and payable either at maturity, by declaration or otherwise or the 
Issuer is in default with respect to the payment of interest or additional amounts 
on any of the Notes and such default continues for a period of five Business Days 
in the case of principal or seven Business Days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance, or is otherwise in breach, of 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge), any obligation, undertaking or other agreement 
under the Notes or the Trust Deed (other than a default or breach elsewhere 
specifically dealt with in this Condition 10) and such default or breach is not 
remedied within 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may in its sole 
discretion determine) after written notice thereof has been given to the Issuer by 
the Trustee; or 
(iii) 
(a) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary (i) becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable 
prior to the due date for payment thereof or (ii) is not repaid at maturity as 
extended by the period of grace, if any, applicable thereto or (b) any Indebtedness 
Guarantee given by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in respect of 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other Person is not honoured when due 
and called, provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money exceeds U.S.$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies (as determined by the Trustee)); or 
(iv) 
 
(A) 
any Person: 
(1) 
shall have instituted a proceeding or entered a decree or order 
for the appointment of a receiver, administrator or liquidator in 
any insolvency, rehabilitation, readjustment of debt, marshalling 
of assets and liabilities or similar arrangements involving the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary or all or (in the opinion of the 
Trustee) substantially all of their respective properties; and 
(2) 
such proceeding, decree or order shall not have been dismissed 
or vacated or shall have remained in force undischarged or 
unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 
(B) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary shall institute proceedings under 
any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or 
hereafter in effect to be adjudicated a bankrupt or shall consent to the 
filing of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding against it or shall 
file a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganisation under any such 
law or shall consent to the filing of any such petition, or shall consent to 
the appointment of a receiver, administrator or liquidator or trustee or 
assignee in bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, or in respect of its property or (in the 
opinion of the Trustee) substantially all thereof, or shall make an

--- Page 107 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 92 - 
70-41079910 
 
assignment for the benefit of its creditors or shall otherwise be unable or 
admit its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, 
and, in any case as is specified in this Condition 10(a)(iv) in relation to any 
Material Subsidiary, the event is (in the opinion of the Trustee) materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(v) 
the Issuer makes or threatens to make any substantial change in the principal 
nature of its business as presently conducted which is (in the opinion of the 
Trustee) materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(vi) 
(a) it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with all or any 
of its obligations set out in the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement 
or (b) all or any of its obligations set out in the Notes, the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement shall be or become unenforceable or invalid, and, following 
the occurrence of any of the events specified in this Condition 10(a)(vi), the 
Trustee is of the opinion that such occurrence is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; or 
(vii) 
(a) all or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary is condemned, seized, nationalised or otherwise 
appropriated by any person acting under the authority of any national, regional or 
local government or (b) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is prevented by any 
such person from exercising normal control over all or substantially all its 
undertaking, assets and revenues and, following the occurrence of any of the 
events specified in this Condition 10(a)(vii), the Trustee is of the opinion that such 
occurrence is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Enforcement 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer to 
enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed unless the Trustee, having become bound so to 
proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing, in 
which case the Noteholder or Couponholder shall have only such rights against the Issuer 
as those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise. In any case, only a final judgment or 
award may be enforced against the Issuer. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer, Registrar and/or Principal Paying Agent may require (provided that 
the requirement is reasonable in light of prevailing market practice). Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency 
Agreement. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place

--- Page 108 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 93 - 
70-41079910 
 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6(e) (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, if filed within the 
Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin or published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Ireland and approved by the Euronext Dublin (which is 
expected to be the Irish Times). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules of any other stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all 
required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in 
such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall 
approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, and, if the Registered Notes are 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin, if filed within the Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin or 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in Ireland and 
approved by Euronext Dublin (which is expected to be the Irish Times). The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any other stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Registered Notes are for the time being listed or 
by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream,

--- Page 109 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 94 - 
70-41079910 
 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such delivery 
by mail or airmail the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as 
any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published 
in a manner which complies with those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Notes on the second business day (being, for the purposes of this paragraph 
of Condition 14, a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC are open for 
business) after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matters relating to the Notes including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee or Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing a 
clear majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Trust 
Deed (including, without limitation, modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), 
the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two thirds in 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one third in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any 
meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders and without 
prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act from time to time 
and at any time, buy only insofar as the Trustee is satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, to any modification of, or to the waiver 
or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or the 
Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such, to any 
modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. Any 
such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or

--- Page 110 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 95 - 
70-41079910 
 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political 
sub division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 
(Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, 
Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes 
be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
16. 
Substitution 
The Trustee may at any time and without further notice or formality, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the 
principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries 
or the Issuer's successor in business subject to certain conditions set out in clause 20 (Substitution) 
of the Trust Deed being complied with including the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteeing all amounts payable under the Notes and the Trust Deed to the satisfaction of the 
Trustee. 
17. 
Indemnification of the Trustee and Trustee Contracting with the Issuer 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the 
claims of the Noteholder and/or Couponholder. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries and to act as 
trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer 
and/or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its 
obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may 
be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount 
or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith and (d) to act as trustee to the holders at any 
other securities issued or guaranteed by or relating to the Issuer or any subsidiary. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes; 
provided that, if any Notes of the relevant Series are represented in whole or in part by a Rule 
144A Global Note, further notes of such Series that are not issued pursuant to a "qualified 
reopening" for U.S. federal income tax purposes shall be issued under a separate ISIN or CUSIP 
number. 
19. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 111 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 96 - 
70-41079910 
 
20. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons (including any non- 
contractual obligations arising from or in connection with any of them) are governed by, 
and will be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Arbitration 
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of, relating to, or having any connection 
with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons (including any question regarding their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences 
of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them) (a "Dispute"), shall be referred to and finally resolved by 
arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration 
("LCIA") for the time being in force (the "Rules"), which Rules are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons, save that: 
(i) 
the number of arbitrators in the arbitral tribunal ("Arbitral Tribunal") shall be 
three; 
(ii) 
the claimant(s), irrespective of number, shall nominate jointly one arbitrator; the 
respondent(s), irrespective of number, shall nominate jointly the second arbitrator, 
and the third arbitrator (who shall act as Chairman) shall be appointed by the 
LCIA Court (as defined in the Rules); 
(iii) 
the place and seat of arbitration shall be London, England; 
(iv) 
the language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English and the 
governing law of the arbitration shall be English law; and 
(v) 
any arbitral award made by the arbitration tribunal shall be final and binding on 
the parties and without right of appeal. Judgment upon such an award may be 
entered and enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
(c) 
No Immunity 
(i) 
The Issuer confirms that: (1) it does not have any immunity from any proceedings, 
jurisdiction, execution or attachment arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed, the Notes and the Coupons as a result of article 8 of the Establishment 
Agreement; and (2) its entry into and performance of its obligations under the 
Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons forms part of its operations for the 
purposes of article 8 of the Establishment Agreement; 
(ii) 
To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets 
or revenues immunity from jurisdiction, suit, execution, attachment (whether in 
aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process, including 
in relation to the enforcement of any arbitration award, and to the extent that such 
immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to 
the Issuer or its assets or revenues, notwithstanding the terms of article 8 of the 
Establishment Agreement or any rights, privileges or immunities from proceeding, 
jurisdiction, execution or attachment derived from its status as a multilateral 
development financial institution, accorded by statute, international convention 
or otherwise, the Issuer irrevocably consents to the enforcement of any final 
judgment or award and agrees not to claim such immunity to the full extent 
permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction and: 
(A) 
submits to the jurisdiction of the Arbitral Tribunal in relation to any 
Dispute to be resolved in accordance with the Rules and agrees not to 
claim any sovereign or other immunity from the jurisdiction of the 
Arbitral Tribunal, in relation to any Dispute to be resolved in accordance

--- Page 112 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 97 - 
70-41079910 
 
with the dispute mechanism set out at Condition 20(b) (Arbitration) 
above (including to the extent that such immunity may be attributed to 
it), and agrees to ensure that no such claim is made on its behalf; 
(B) 
submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts in respect of orders in 
support of arbitration and of the English courts and the courts of any other 
competent jurisdiction in enforcement proceedings, the recognition of 
any award in relation to any Dispute and agrees not to claim any 
sovereign or other immunity from the jurisdiction of the English courts 
or the courts of any other jurisdiction in relation to the recognition of any 
such arbitral award and agrees to ensure that no such claim is made on 
its behalf; 
(C) 
consents generally in respect of any proceedings to the giving of any 
relief or the issue of any process in connection with such arbitral 
proceedings including to the enforcement of any award made in 
connection with any Dispute and the giving of any relief in the English 
courts and/or the courts of any other competent jurisdiction including, 
without limitation: 
(1) 
relief by way of final injunction or order for specific 
performance or recovery of any property; 
(2) 
attachment of its assets; and 
(3) 
enforcement or execution against any property, revenues or 
other assets whatsoever (irrespective of their use or intended 
use), provided that in relation to any Dispute, relief or 
enforcement specified in this Condition 20(c): (a) no judgment 
or award other than a final judgment or arbitral award may be 
enforced against it; and (b) its assets may only be attached after 
delivery of final judgment or arbitral award against it. 
Save as set out in this Condition 20(c), the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes and the Coupons are not intended, nor construed to waive, renounce or 
otherwise modify any rights, privileges, immunities and exemptions accorded to 
the Issuer under the AFC Establishment Agreement or from the Issuer's status as 
an international financial institution, accorded by statute or international 
convention or otherwise. 
(d) 
Appointment of process agent 
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office for 
the time being in England as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the 
event of such agent ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person approved by the 
Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any proceedings. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted 
by law.

--- Page 113 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 98 - 
70-41079910 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and Registered Notes will be issued 
both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and 
within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as 
applicable), a permanent global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for, Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg"). 
Bearer Notes will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will only be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) outside the United 
States and its possessions and only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable) and subject, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus (as applicable)), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given. Notes in Bearer Form will only be delivered outside the 
United States. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment 
of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for 
definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made only outside the United States and its possessions through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable) will specify that a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes 
with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 
(Events of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and is continuing or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the 
Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would 
not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a 
certificate to that effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee 
may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of

--- Page 114 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 99 - 
70-41079910 
 
an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have a final maturity of more than 365 days 
(including unilateral roll-overs and extensions) and on all interest coupons or Talons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE". 
The sections of the Code referred to in the legend above provide that U.S. Holders (as defined in "Taxation 
– United States"), with certain limited exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes 
or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, 
redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to 
non U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form 
(a "Regulation S Global Note"). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may 
not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in 
Condition 2 (Transfers of Registered Notes) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions 
on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons 
in private transactions to QIBs who are also QPs. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs who 
are also QPs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a "Rule 144A Global Note" and, 
together with a Regulation S Global Note, the "Registered Global Notes"). 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, DTC or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a 
common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will 
be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical 
delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 6(d) (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the 
Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as 
defined in Condition 6(d) (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately preceding 
the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has 
notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no 
alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing

--- Page 115 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 100 - 
70-41079910 
 
agency registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) ("Exchange Act"), (iii) in the 
case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in 
any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iv) the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect signed by two Directors of 
the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give notice 
to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions; see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
temporary common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a temporary CUSIP number which are different 
from the common code ISIN and CUSIP assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at 
least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes 
of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable) or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer, the Agent and the Trustee. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be 
continuing. 
The following Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which 
is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes (at the option 
of the Issuer or the Noteholder): 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above €199,000".

--- Page 116 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 101 - 
70-41079910 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
[Date] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [The target market 
assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients 
which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in the Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, 
characteristics and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking 
on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]]. Any [distributor/person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the 
"EUWA"); (ii) within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared.]

--- Page 117 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 102 - 
70-41079910 
 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
"SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the " CMP 
Regulations 2018")), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).] 
[No prospectus is required in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council dated 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") for this issue of Notes. The 
Central Bank of Ireland, in its capacity as competent authority under Prospectus Regulation, has neither 
approved nor reviewed the information contained in this Final Terms.]1 
AFRICA FINANCE CORPORATION 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800LXFHRRXIJRXW97 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The following language applies if the Notes are Exempt Notes. The remaining legends in this section should, 
accordingly, be deleted. 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of the Tranche of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] [•] 2024 in relation to the above Programme [and 
the supplements thereto dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus [and the supplements thereto] 
[is] [are] available for viewing at https://www.africafc.org/investor-and-country-relations/with-
investors/products] 
The following alternative language applies if the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated [●] 2024 [and the supplemental prospectus dated [•]] ([together,] the "Base 
Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. [This document does not constitute the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as these Notes are not being issued pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus]. The Base Prospectus 
and Final Terms have been published on [the website of the Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (https://www.live.euronext.com)]]. 
The following alternative language applies if the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and if the first tranche 
of an issue which is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the 
relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions set 
out on [pages 29 to 62 of the Base Prospectus dated 8 April 2015 relating to the Programme under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2015 Conditions") as set out in the Base Prospectus 
 
1 
Include for Exempt Note issuances

--- Page 118 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 103 - 
70-41079910 
 
dated 8 April 2015 and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 17 November 2015] [pages 32 to 67 of the 
Base Prospectus dated 29 December 2016 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "2016 Conditions")] [pages 33 to 68 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 29 March 2017 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(the "2017 Conditions")] [pages 37 to 76 of the Base Prospectus dated 5 April 2019 relating to the 
Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2018 Conditions")] [pages 41 to 
80 of the Base Prospectus dated 2 June 2020 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 Conditions")][pages 45 to 84 of the Base Prospectus dated 23 April 
2021 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2021 
Conditions")]. This Final Terms contains the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated [●] 2024 [and the supplemental prospectus dated [date]] which ([together,] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save 
in respect of the [2015 Conditions/the 2016 Conditions/the 2017 Conditions/the 2019 Conditions/the 2020 
Conditions/the 2021 Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purpose 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Africa Finance Corporation 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[[insert date]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [20] below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [insert date]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
Net Proceeds 
[•] 
7. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(in the case of Registered 
Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be 
made) 
(N.B. 
Where 
Bearer 
Notes 
with 
multiple 
denominations above €100,000 or equivalent are 
being used the following language should be used: 
 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in

--- Page 119 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 104 - 
70-41079910 
 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above €199,000") 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert 
that Specified Denomination. If there is more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest common 
factor. N.B. there must be a common factor in the case 
of two or more Specified Denominations) 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[specify]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/Floating rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[EURIBOR/SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index] +/- 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below - see "Provisions 
relating to Interest (if any) payable") 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•] per cent. of their nominal amount 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below - see "Provisions 
relating to redemption")] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior, unsecured 
 
(b) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [[annually/semi 
annually/quarterly] in arrear]]

--- Page 120 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 105 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[•][, [•]] [and [•]] in each year, commencing on [•], up 
to and including the Maturity Date]/[adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day Convention]] 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form.) 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form.) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
in/on 
[•]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon 
 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of equal 
duration 
 
 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(b) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[•][, [•] [•]] [and [•]] in each year, commencing on [•], 
up to and including the [Maturity Date/[•]]]/[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention 
is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(d) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[•]

--- Page 121 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 106 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
(e) 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(f) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[•] 
 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] month][EURIBOR/SOFR/SOFR Compounded 
Index] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days 
/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be 
specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation 
Shift 
Period, 
unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[     ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place 
[  ] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms, be the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms, the Relevant Number 
shall be 5) 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period]/[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Lagos business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period]/[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(Second day of each Interest Period for EURIBOR) 
 
 
[•]

--- Page 122 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 107 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Currency 
Linked 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Base Rate: 
[•] per cent. 
 
• 
Initial Currency 
Rate: 
[•] 
 
• 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
 
 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts and late payment: 
[Conditions 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase - Early 
Redemption Amounts) and 7(h) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes) 
apply] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 123 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 108 - 
70-41079910 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
[Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [15]/[•] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [30]/[•] days] 
 
 
[[•] days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee)] 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[As set out in Condition 7(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Early Redemption Amounts)]/[[•] per 
Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
(N.B. 
The 
following 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes: 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000]".) 
 
 
[Registered Notes:

--- Page 124 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 109 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (|U.S.$[•] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Registered Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[•] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC which 
is exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
ERISA-Permitted Issuance 
[Yes/No] 
21. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
22. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, [a] Talon[s] may be required, if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
23. 
RMB Currency Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Spot Rate: 
[•] (the "Calculation Agent") 
 
(b) 
RMB Centre(s) 
Settlement [[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on Euronext 
Dublin's regulated market and listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin of the Notes described herein 
pursuant to the U.S.$5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme of Africa Finance 
Corporation.]2 
THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
SIGNED on behalf of Africa Finance Corporation: 
 
 .................................................................................... 
By: 
Duly authorised 
 
2 
Delete for Exempt Notes issuances

--- Page 125 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 110 - 
70-41079910 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Dublin][Not applicable.] 
(ii) 
Admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] [by the 
Issuer/on behalf of the Issuer] for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [•].][Not applicable.]3 
(iii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
[The Notes to be issued [have been rated/are expected to be rated]: 
[Moody's Investors Service Ltd: [•]] 
[[•]: [•]]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating) 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
 
3 Delete for Exempt Note issuances

--- Page 126 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 111 - 
70-41079910 
 
"CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority]/[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save [for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers]] [as discussed in "Subscription and Sale"], 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer.]/[Not Applicable]/[•] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[Not Applicable] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code(s): 
[•]

--- Page 127 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 112 - 
70-41079910 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
(v) 
CUSIP: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
CINS: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A./The 
Depository Trust 
Company and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[•] 
(x) 
Name and address of 
Registrar: 
[•] 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [Rule 144A] [Section 
4(a)(2)] [Rules identical to those provided in TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of sales to 
EEA retail investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of sales to UK 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 128 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 113 - 
70-41079910 
 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus)/ 
(An amount equal to the proceeds of the Notes will be 
allocated to (i) to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole 
or in part, Eligible Green Projects meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria) 
If reasons for the offer are different from general 
corporate purposes, include those reasons here.

--- Page 129 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 114 - 
70-41079910 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the Corporation for general corporate and 
financing purposes. 
Green Bonds 
The Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes may indicate that an amount equal to the proceeds of the Notes will 
be allocated to (i) to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects meeting the 
Eligibility Criteria, in which case the relevant instruments will be identified as "Green Bonds" in the 
relevant Final Terms ("Green Bonds"). 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Corporation as set out in the Green Bond 
Framework. 
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects falling under "green eligible categories" such as energy 
efficiency, renewable energy, sustainable water management or sustainable waste management, as further 
described in the Corporation's Green Bond Framework. 
"Green Bond Framework" means any framework for the issuance of Green Bonds published by the 
Corporation and available at www.africafc.org/sustainability/green-bond/. The most recent Green Bond 
Framework was updated in September 2020 and is aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles.  
The proceeds of the issue of any Green Bonds will be allocated and managed as described in the Green 
Bond Framework, and the Corporation will report to investors on the allocation of proceeds as described in 
the Green Bond Framework. 
The Corporation has appointed ISS ESG as an independent assurance provider to provide the Second Party 
Opinion on the Green Bond Framework pre-issuance, which assesses the sustainability quality of the Green 
Bonds, and to annually assure the process used in financing of Eligible Green Projects in accordance with 
the Green Bond Framework. 
The 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
and 
the 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
are 
available 
at 
www.africafc.org/sustainability/green-bond/.  Any Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion 
and any other documentation relevant to Notes issued as Green Bonds are subject to review and change and 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced or withdrawn from time to time. Potential investors in 
Notes issued as Green Bonds should access the latest version of the relevant document on the Issuer's 
website. None of any Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion or any report or opinion relating 
to the Green Bond Framework and/or the Green Bonds, or the contents of any of the above websites are 
incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 130 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 115 - 
70-41079910 
 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's capitalisation and indebtedness as at 30 June 2024. 
The information in this table should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and the notes to 
those statements included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
As at 30 June 
2024 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Borrowings: 
 
Short term borrowings(1) ............................................................................................................ 
1,155,709 
Medium term and long-term borrowings ................................................................................... 
6,861,730 
Total borrowings ..................................................................................................................... 
8,017,439 
Equity: 
 
Share capital .............................................................................................................................. 
1,551,716 
Share premium .......................................................................................................................... 
438,556 
Share warrants ........................................................................................................................... 
200,000 
Retained earnings ...................................................................................................................... 
1,453,591 
Fair value reserves..................................................................................................................... 
(27,247) 
Total equity .............................................................................................................................. 
3,616,616 
Total capitalisation(2) ............................................................................................................... 
12,193,230 
 _______________  
(1) Includes interest payments and principal repayments which fall due within one year. 
(2) Total capitalisation is the sum of total borrowings and total equity.

--- Page 131 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 116 - 
70-41079910 
 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
The authorised share capital of the Corporation is U.S.$2.0 billion, divided into two billion shares of 
U.S.$1.0 each. The Corporation's shareholders subscribed for U.S.$1.1 billion of the initial authorised share 
capital, which was paid up in full. The Corporation does not have different classes of shares. The 
Corporation is set up with a hybrid structure where the concepts of membership and shareholding are 
separate. Membership is only open to sovereign African countries and African multilateral financial 
institutions while shareholding is open to both public and private sector investors. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
Nigeria, making its equity investment through the CBN; 
(ii) 
Ghana, making its equity investment through its Ministry of Finance and the Ghana Infrastructure 
Investment Fund; 
(iii) 
Gabon, making its equity investment through CDC Gabon; 
(iv) 
Guinea-Conakry, making its equity investment through BCRG; 
(v) 
Togo, making its equity investment through the Government of Togo; 
(vi) 
Mauritius, making its equity investment through the National Pension Fund of Mauritius and 
National Savings Fund of Mauritius; 
(vii) 
Sierra Leone, making its equity investment through the Bank of Sierra Leone; 
(viii) 
Egypt, making its equity investment through the Central Bank of Egypt; 
(ix) 
Côte d’Ivoire making its equity investment through its government; 
(x) 
Benin, making its equity investment through the Ministry of Economic and Finance of Benin; 
(xi) 
the DRC, making its equity investment through the Ministry of Finance; 
(xii) 
Botswana, making its equity investment through the Ministry of Finance of Botswana; 
(xiii) 
Cameroon, making its equity investment through the Caisse Nationale de Prévoyance Sociale; 
(xiv) 
Kenya, making its equity investment through the National Social Security Fund, Board of Trustees 
(Kenya); and 
(xv) 
Zimbabwe, making its equity investment through the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, 
were the only Member Countries of the Corporation that were also shareholders. In 2020, BADEA became 
a member and shareholder after making a U.S.$10.0 million investment in the Corporation. In 2021, BCRG 
and Togo became shareholders after making investments of U.S.$1.0 million and U.S.$20.0 million, 
respectively, in the Corporation, and the Ghana Infrastructure Investment Fund invested U.S.$20.0 million 
and the Seychelles Pension Fund invested U.S.$0.5 million in the equity capital of the Corporation. In 2022, 
the Corporation raised U.S.$248.0 million of equity capital, with significant investments from the Public 
Investment Corporation of South Africa of U.S.$100.0 million, Egypt of U.S.$95.0 million and Mauritius 
of U.S.$25.0 million. In 2023, the Corporation raised U.S.$502.8 million of equity capital (comprising of 
U.S.$486.8 million of paid-up capital and U.S.$16.0 million of callable capital). This includes significant 
investments by Turk Eximbank of U.S.$110.0 million, SBM Capital Markets Limited of U.S.$0.11 million 
and Cameroon of U.S.$20.0 million. In addition, in 2023, U.S.$339.7 million was invested by existing 
shareholders in the Corporation under the Corporations ongoing rights issue program approved by the 
Board of Directors in 2022. The basis of the rights issue is 1 new share for every 4 shares held. Furthermore, 
Egypt and Sierra Leone increased their investments in the Corporation's capital by re-investing their 
dividends from the 2022 financial year in the amount of U.S.$3.0 million and U.S.$0.1 million, 
respectively. During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Corporation received additional equity 
investments totalling U.S.$24.8 million from Kenya through the National Social Security Fund, Board of 
Trustees (Kenya), U.S.$5.0 million from Zimbabwe through the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe (comprising

--- Page 132 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 117 - 
70-41079910 
 
U.S.$1.0 million of paid-up capital and U.S.$4.0 million of callable capital) and U.S.$5.0 million from 
RawBank S.A. 
The Corporation commenced its equity raise programme in the fourth quarter of the 2019 financial year 
with the aim of raising U.S.$1.0 billion in equity. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Corporation 
has raised U.S.$1.2 billion. The Corporation raised additional Tier 1 capital of U.S.$24.9 million during 
the first half of 2024 from new shareholders. The specific objectives of the equity raise programme are to 
ensure that the Corporation's capital structure supports its strategic plan and growth targets, diversify 
shareholder composition as well as maintain and enhance prudential ratios. In addition, the Corporation 
implemented a callable capital structure in 2020, but there is no guarantee that existing shareholders will 
agree to participate in the callable capital structure or be able to meet their payable and callable capital 
obligations to the Corporation even if they agree to take part in the callable capital structure. Togo's 
investment of U.S.$20.0 million in 2021 consisted of U.S.$5.0 million paid in capital and U.S.$15.0 million 
callable capital and Sierra Leone's investment of U.S.$10.0 million in 2022 consisted of U.S.$2.0 million 
paid in capital and U.S.$8.0 million callable capital. In 2023, the investments by Benin and Botswana 
comprised of U.S.$8.0 million of callable capital each while Zimbabwe's investment in the first half of 
2024 comprised U.S.$4.0 million of callable capital. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's outstanding 
callable capital amounted to U.S.$43.0 million (U.S.$39.0 million as at 31 December 2023). In December 
2020, the Corporation approved the development of an equity warrant programme intended to improve 
investment grade work and provide an exit for shareholders. 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's shareholders subscribed and paid-up capital and percentage 
of each shareholder as at 30 June 2024. 
Shareholders 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
Unit of Shares 
(Subscribed) 
Paid up 
Capital 
% of 
Shareholding 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Central Bank of Nigeria ......................................................................... 
613,230,573 
613,231 
39.5 
Access Bank Plc ..................................................................................... 
140,197,368 
140,197 
9.0 
United Bank for Africa Plc ..................................................................... 
121,983,158  
121,983 
7.9 
First Bank of Nigeria Limited ................................................................ 
100,119,013 
100,119 
6.5 
Zenith Bank Plc ...................................................................................... 
100,000,000 
100,000 
6.4 
Ecobank Nigeria Limited ....................................................................... 
62,500,000 
62,500 
4.0 
Central Bank of Egypt ............................................................................ 
58,333,311 
58,333 
3.8 
Public Investment Corporation ............................................................... 
52,083,333 
52,083 
3.4 
Union Bank of Nigeria Plc ..................................................................... 
50,000,000 
50,000 
3.2 
Türkiye İhracat Kredi Bankası A.Ş  ....................................................... 
50,000,000 
50,000 
3.2 
AfDB ...................................................................................................... 
29,315,789 
29,412 
1.9 
CDC Gabon ............................................................................................ 
26,315,789 
26,316 
1.7 
First City Monument Bank Plc ............................................................... 
20,000,000 
20,000 
1.3 
Ghana Infrastructure Investment Fund ................................................... 
16,901,825 
16,802 
1.1 
Coronation Merchant Bank .................................................................... 
15,621,825 
15,622 
1.0 
National Social Security Fund, Board of Trustees (Kenya) .................... 
11,300,000 
11,300 
0.7 
Caisse National De Prevoyance Sociale, Cameroon ............................... 
10,000,000 
10,000 
0.6 
Others(1) ..................................................................................................  
103,114,414 
73,818 
4.8 
Total(2) ...................................................................................................  
1,581,012,530 
1,551,716 
100.0 
 _______________  
(1) 
Represents holdings by the National Pensions Fund, Mauritius, BADEA, Fidelity Bank Plc, Sterling Bank Plc, United Capital 
Asset Management Limited, Guarantee Trust Bank Plc, Republic de Cote d'Ivoire, Coronation Trustees Limited, NOFEC 
Investment Limited, Leadway Assurance Company Limited, Togo, African Reinsurance Corporation, National Savings Fund, 
Mauritius, DRC, RawBank S.A., Total Energies EP Nigeria Closed Pension Fund Administration Limited, Ekulo International 
Limited, Bank of Sierra Leone, Ministry of Economic and Finance, Benin, Ministry of Finance, Botswana, Banque Centrale de 
la République de Guinée, Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, FBN Quest Limited, Seychelles Pension Fund, APT Securities & Funds 
Ltd, Dyer & Blair Investment Bank, Kenya, Elka Investment Limited, SBM Capital Markets Limited, Capital Assets Limited, 
Dr. Mekwunye Dumbiri Charles and the Corporation's staff equity scheme. 
(2) The Corporation's staff equity scheme and Ghana's holdings account for the difference between subscribed capital and paid-up 
capital. 
If an existing shareholder wishes to subscribe for additional shares, unless decided otherwise by the Board 
of Directors, all unissued shares (whether in the initial authorised share capital or any increases thereof) 
before issue, will be offered to all of the Corporation's shareholders in the proportion of their existing 
shareholding. However, if new shares are to be issued for the purpose of providing for the initial 
subscription of a Member Country, the existing shareholders of the Corporation do not have any 
pre-emptive rights.

--- Page 133 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 118 - 
70-41079910 
 
The authorised share capital of the Corporation may be increased by the general meeting of the 
Corporation's shareholders, acting upon the recommendation of the Board of Directors, if it deems such an 
increase to be advisable. Unless the authorised share capital is increased solely to provide for the initial 
subscription of a Member Country, the resolution of the general meeting of the Corporation's shareholders 
authorising the increase is to be passed by a two-thirds majority of votes of the Corporation's shareholders. 
Voting rights at general meetings of shareholders are proportional to the economic interests of the 
respective shareholder.

--- Page 134 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 119 - 
70-41079910 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CORPORATION 
Overview 
Africa Finance Corporation is a multilateral development financial institution dedicated to infrastructure 
financing in Africa, primarily through debt and equity investments, project development and financial 
advisory services. It was established and commenced operations on 1 November 2007 and is headquartered 
in Lagos, Nigeria. The Corporation is focused on bridging Africa's large infrastructure deficit by financing 
projects that have high developmental impact on the economies of African countries. Its primary goal is to 
be the leading African institution for infrastructure financing and the facilitation of international trade in 
Africa. The mission of the Corporation is to foster the economic growth and industrial development of 
African countries, while delivering a competitive return on investment to its shareholders. As part of its 
mandate, the Corporation focuses on lending to and investing in the core infrastructure sectors of power, 
natural resources, transport and logistics, heavy industry and telecommunications, which it believes are 
critical pillars for economic growth across Africa. 
The Corporation was created by two constitutive legal instruments: (i) the Establishment Agreement and 
(ii) the Charter. The Establishment Agreement is made among sovereign states, which sign an instrument 
of accession and acceptance of membership, giving the Corporation its "supranational" status. The 
Corporation is set up with a hybrid structure where the concepts of membership and shareholding are 
separate. Membership is only open to sovereign African countries and African multilateral financial 
institutions while shareholding is open to both public and private sector investors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Corporation has 43 Member Countries: Nigeria, Angola, Benin, 
Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Chad, Congo-Brazzaville, Côte d'Ivoire, the 
DRC, Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea-Conakry, Kenya, 
Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Morocco, Namibia, Niger, Rwanda, São Tomé 
and Príncipe, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan, The Gambia, Togo, Tunisia, Uganda, Zambia 
and Zimbabwe and three multilateral financial institution members, Africa Re, the African Development 
Bank and BADEA. Member Countries are African countries that have acceded to the Establishment 
Agreement and Charter, which grants the Corporation certain immunities and privileges in those countries. 
Similar to other multilateral development banks, such as the AfDB, membership confers a supranational 
status and certain benefits such as "preferred creditor status", which includes tax exemptions, preferential 
access to foreign currency and immunity from confiscation of its assets in its Member Countries. The 
Corporation has an authorised share capital of U.S.$2 billion, of which U.S.$1.1 billion was issued and 
fully paid in at the Corporation's inception in 2007. As at 30 June 2024, 48 shareholders had subscribed 
and paid for shares in the Corporation amounting to U.S.$1.6 billion, in accordance with the terms of the 
Charter. The Corporation's capital has been principally provided by Nigeria, through the CBN, major 
commercial banks and financial institutions, other private sector commercial entities and individuals. 
The Corporation acts as both a leading financier and adviser to its clients in Africa, offering project and 
structured debt finance, trade finance, greenfield and expansion equity, as well as acquisition capital. These 
products are complemented with advisory capabilities in areas such as project development, capital raisings 
and restructurings. The Corporation has a number of strategic partnerships aimed at establishing market 
presence and recognition, which also create deal flow for the Corporation. For example, partnerships have 
been established with the Nigeria Sovereign Investment Authority and Banque Ouest Africaine de 
Développement to co-develop and finance infrastructure projects in Nigeria and Francophone West Africa, 
respectively, as well as with the U.S. Power Africa Initiative, which covers investments in the power sector 
across Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria and Tanzania. The Corporation has also established 
partnerships with: (i) the International Finance Corporation, the Netherlands Development Finance 
Company ("FMO") and the Development Bank of Southern Africa ("DBSA") among others, in order to 
foster greater co-operation among DFIs, increase efficiencies and streamline due diligence processes; (ii) 
the United Nation's Green Climate Fund ("GCF") and the Agence Française de Développement ("AFD"), 
which will improve the Corporation's competitive ability to provide financing for climate change related 
projects; and (iii) the OPEC Fund for International Development ("OFID") for infrastructure projects in 
OPEC Fund eligible countries. In October 2021, the Corporation agreed to work more closely with the 
Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency ("MIGA") in order to structure comprehensive solutions to de-
risk and support infrastructure projects in Africa and in June 2022, the Corporation and the Islamic 
Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector, a multilateral development financial institution, 
announced their intention to collaborate on financing eligible transactions in their common member 
countries. The Corporation also established a relationship with Italian development finance institution

--- Page 135 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 120 - 
70-41079910 
 
Cassa Despositi e Prestiti SpA to facilitate investments in renewable power, energy efficient projects and 
climate-resilient infrastructure, helping to expand Italy's global investment footprint in high-quality 
infrastructure projects in Africa. Furthermore, as part of its efforts to promote U.S. –Africa trade and to 
enhance opportunities for collaboration on projects in the renewable energy and critical minerals spaces, 
the Corporation signed a memorandum of understanding with Export–Import Bank of the United States, 
the official export credit agency of the United States.  
Furthermore, in February 2023, the Corporation and Solid Minerals Development Fund ("SMDF"), a 
Nigerian mining-focused development fund, entered into a cooperation agreement aimed at identifying 
high-potential mining prospects and providing early-stage risk capital to sponsors of early-stage mining 
projects in Nigeria. This strategic collaboration builds on the Corporation's various investments in Nigeria, 
including its first commercial gold production facility, the Segilola Gold Mine. In April 2023, the 
Corporation was accredited as an Implementing Partner of the Multilateral Center for Development Finance 
("MCDF") Finance Facility. The MCDF is a multilateral initiative aimed at fostering high-quality 
infrastructure and connectivity investments in developing countries. The MCDF supports accredited 
international financial institutions and their member countries to better address the challenges of quality 
and long-term sustainability of infrastructure and connectivity by financing project preparation activities 
for high-quality investments and building the capacity of member countries and partners to implement such 
investments. The target sectors of the MCDF are transport, energy, telecommunications and water. The 
MCDF Finance Facility, administered by the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, provides grant 
financing, either in full or in part, for the preparation and project development work of infrastructure 
investments being contemplated by implementing partners. The Corporation executed an Implementing 
Partner Agreement with the MCDF in July 2023 and is now positioned to leverage the support of the MCDF 
to further de-risk high-value transformational projects in its project development activities. In November 
2023, the Corporation signed a memorandum of understanding with the Saudi Fund for Development to 
expand its U.S.$10.7 billion of development support in Africa. 
In February 2024, the Corporation signed an equity investment term sheet, pledging up to U.S.$40.0 million 
towards the construction of the African Medical Centre of Excellence Abuja hospital. In April 2024, the 
Corporation invested U.S.$14.1 million to further the development of the Xlinks’ Morocco – UK Power 
Project, which will provide affordable, reliable, clean energy from Morocco to Britain within a decade. In 
May 2024, the Corporation, together with Alstom, a pioneer in sustainable mobility, signed a memorandum 
of understanding to propel the development of the MetroKin rail project in Kinshasa, DRC. The partnership 
builds on the Corporation’s prior agreement in 2023 with Trans Connexion Congo to develop a mass transit 
system that extends over 300km of railroad in Kinshasa. Additionally, in May 2024, the Corporation led 
the commercial funding for a EUR 381.5 million package to finance the engineering, procurement and 
construction of 186 bridges and crucially needed enhancements to Angola’s road network. In June 2024, 
the Corporation granted a U.S.$150.0 million loan to expand the Kamoa-Kakula Copper Complex, the 
largest copper mine along the Lobito Corridor. In July 2024, the Corporation and Arise IIP, the pan-African 
developer and operator of industrial parks announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding to 
establish a dedicated U.S.$100.0 million capital pool for African entrepreneurs who are establishing 
operations within any of the Arise IIP Special Economic Zones (SEZ) in Africa. In August 2024, the 
Corporation announced the arrangement of a project development facility in Akwa Ibom, Nigeria, to 
support Africa’s largest gas-to-methanol plant with the aim of significantly reducing CO2 emissions by 
offsetting flaring of natural gas and turning it instead into a valuable chemical. 
The Corporation's principal assets are loans predominantly in U.S. dollars, to borrowers in Africa and 
investment securities including liquid assets that are placed with investment grade financial institutions that 
are mostly located outside Africa, pending deployment of such funds for use in infrastructure projects in 
Africa. The Corporation's total assets and interest income increased from U.S.$8.6 billion and U.S.$384.3 
million, respectively, as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 to U.S.$12.3 billion and U.S.$780.9 
million, respectively, as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, demonstrating CAGR over the period 
of 20.1% and 42.5%, respectively (calculated for the compounding period 2021 – 2023 as the percentage 
of the square root of the end value divided by the beginning value minus one). As at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024, the Corporation's total assets and interest income were U.S.$12.2 billion and 
U.S.$525.9 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Corporation realised a profit 
of U.S.$329.7 million and total comprehensive income of U.S.$327.0 million, which has increased from 
U.S.$209.7 million and U.S.$188.2 million, respectively for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
demonstrating CAGR over the period of 25.4% and 31.8%, respectively. For the six months ended 30 June 
2024, the Corporation realised a profit of U.S.$254.6 million and total comprehensive income of 
U.S.$254.4 million, respectively.

--- Page 136 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 121 - 
70-41079910 
 
Country Membership and Shareholding 
The Corporation was established with a hybrid structure: a multilateral development financial institution 
with substantial private sector participation, where the concepts of membership and shareholding are 
separate. Under Article 5 of the Establishment Agreement, membership in the Corporation is open to 
sovereign African countries and African multilateral financial institutions, while shareholding is open to 
both public and private sector investors. 
Member Countries are African countries that have acceded to the Establishment Agreement and Charter, 
which grants the Corporation certain immunities and privileges in those countries. A Member Country may 
or may not invest equity capital in the Corporation, although it is the Corporation's preference that Member 
Countries do so. For sovereign investors in the Corporation, it is the Corporation's preference that such 
investments be made through institutions of the government that are private sector oriented (such as central 
banks, pension funds and sovereign wealth funds). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Nigeria, Ghana, 
Gabon, Guinea-Conakry, Togo, Mauritius, Sierra Leone, Côte d’Ivoire, Benin, the DRC, Egypt, Botswana, 
Cameroon, Kenya and Zimbabwe were the only Member Countries of the Corporation that were also 
shareholders. Nigeria made its equity investment in the Corporation through the CBN, Ghana made its 
initial equity investment of U.S.$10.0 million in 2017 through its Ministry of Finance and committed to 
investing a further U.S.$40.0 million in the Corporation and subsequently transferred its investment to the 
Ghana Infrastructure Investment Fund which made an additional equity investment of U.S.$20.0 million in 
2021, bringing the aggregate investment of Ghana to over U.S.$30.0 million, Gabon made its equity 
investment through CDC Gabon of U.S.$50.0 million in 2020, Guinea-Conakry made its equity investment 
through BCRG of U.S.$1.0 million in 2021, Togo made its equity investment of U.S.$20.0 million in 2021 
through the Government of Togo, Mauritius made its equity investment of U.S.$25.0 million in 2022 
through the National Pension Fund of Mauritius and National Savings Fund of Mauritius, Sierra Leone 
made its equity investment of U.S.$10.0 million in 2022 through the Bank of Sierra Leone, Egypt made its 
equity investment of U.S.$95.0 million in 2022 through the Central Bank of Egypt, Cote d'Ivoire made its 
equity investment of U.S.$9.02 million in 2022 through its government, Benin made its equity investment 
of U.S.$10.0 million through its Ministry of Economy and Finance in 2022, the DRC made its equity 
investment of U.S.$5.0 million in 2022 through its Ministry of Finance, Botswana made its equity 
investment of U.S.$10.0 million in 2023 through its Ministry of Finance while Cameroon made its equity 
investment of U.S.$20.0 million in 2023 through the Caisse Nationale de Prévoyance Sociale. In 2024, 
Kenya made its equity investment of U.S.$22.0 million through the National Social Security Fund, Board 
of Trustees (Kenya) and Zimbabwe made its equity investment of U.S.$5.0 million through the Reserve 
Bank of Zimbabwe. The Corporation commenced its equity raise programme in the fourth quarter of the 
2019 financial year to raise up to U.S.$1.0 billion in equity from new shareholders. The specific objectives 
of the equity raise programme were to ensure that the Corporation's capital structure supports its strategic 
plan and growth targets, diversify shareholder composition as well as maintain and enhance prudential 
ratios. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Board of Directors approved a callable capital and share warrant 
structure and the CBN made an investment of U.S.$200.0 million in the share warrants. The creation of a 
callable capital structure is consistent with the Corporation's objective to diversity and strengthen its share 
capital. Under the newly created callable capital structure, the Corporation may call callable capital from 
its shareholders upon the occurrence of certain contingencies. In 2021, Togo subscribed to U.S.$15.0 
million callable capital in the Corporation and in 2022, Sierra Leone subscribed to U.S.$8.0 million callable 
capital in the Corporation. In 2023, Benin and Botswana each subscribed to U.S.$8.0 million callable capital 
in the Corporation. In the first half of 2024, Zimbabwe subscribed to U.S.$4.0 million callable capital in 
the Corporation. The callable capital was credit-enhanced using insurance cover from investment grade 
rated insurance companies. See "Risk Factors—Member Countries and existing shareholders have a low 
ability to support the Corporation, which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's 
operations if a capital request were initiated". 
The Corporation's Member Countries and major shareholders with representation on the Board of Directors 
are listed below: 
• 
Member Countries — Nigeria, Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, 
Cape Verde, Chad, Congo-Brazzaville, Côte d'Ivoire, the DRC, Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, Eswatini, 
Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea-Conakry, Kenya, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, 
Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Morocco, Namibia, Niger, Rwanda, São Tomé and Princípe, Senegal, 
Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan, The Gambia, Togo, Tunisia, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe 
and three multilateral financial institution members: Africa Re, the African Development Bank and 
BADEA.

--- Page 137 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 122 - 
70-41079910 
 
• 
Major Shareholders — Each of the following shareholders hold more than 1% of the total number 
of shares in the Corporation: CBN, United Bank for Africa Plc, Access Bank Plc, First Bank of 
Nigeria Limited, Zenith Bank Plc, Public Investment Corporation of South Africa, Ecobank 
Nigeria Limited, Union Bank of Nigeria Plc, Central Bank of Egypt, Turk Eximbank, African 
Development Bank, CDC Gabon and First City Monument Bank Plc. See "Capital Structure". 
The initial authorised share capital of the Corporation is U.S.$2.0 billion, divided into two billion shares of 
U.S.$1.00 each. The Corporation's shareholders subscribed for U.S.$1.1 billion of the initial authorised 
share capital, which was paid up in full. The Corporation does not have different classes of shares. As at 30 
June 2024, Nigeria (through the CBN) owned 39.5% of the Corporation's share capital. The Corporation's 
remaining shareholders include African and multilateral financial institutions and sovereigns (13.9%), and 
other shareholders, many of which are African banks (46.6%). See "Risk Factors—Member Countries and 
existing shareholders have a low ability to support the Corporation, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Corporation's operations if a capital request were initiated". 
This public-private ownership structure distinguishes the Corporation from most other development banks. 
As the private sector holds a substantial shareholding, the Corporation is able to maintain some degree of 
independence from political influence, which enables its business operations to remain commercially 
oriented. Given its public-private ownership structure, the Corporation also has adopted a balanced 
dividend policy whereby it has paid out a dividend amounting to between 25.0% and 30.0% of net income 
for 2021-2023, while retaining approximately 65-70% of earnings to support its capital growth during this 
period. According to the Corporation's guidelines, it seeks to maintain a long-term stable dividend pattern 
while ensuring that it internally generates sufficient cash for future investments and growth without having 
to resort to expensive external financing. In 2021, 2022, 2023 and the first half of 2024, the Corporation 
declared and paid cash dividends of U.S.$47.0 million, U.S.$56.5 million, U.S.$85.6 million and U.S.$81.7 
million, respectively. The Corporation has accumulated U.S.$1.5 billion in retained earnings as at 30 June 
2024, or 93.7%, of its paid up capital. 
The Corporation is actively seeking to expand its country membership and shareholder base, particularly 
with respect to Member Countries that will also be shareholders. Prospective shareholders can subscribe 
for share capital either from existing shareholders who wish to sell down, or from the initial authorised 
share capital or any increases thereof. Existing shareholders of the Corporation possess pre-emptive rights, 
except in the case where new shares are to be issued for the purpose of providing for the initial subscription 
of a Member Country. In 2023, Ethiopia, Burundi and São Tomé and Princípe became Member Countries 
of the Corporation and the Corporation onboarded Benin, Botswana, Cameroon, Cote d'Ivoire, SBM Capital 
Markets Limited and Turk Eximbank as new shareholders. In 2024, Eswatini became a Member Country 
of the Corporation and the Corporation onboarded Total Energies EP Nigeria Closed Pension Fund 
Administration Limited (which made an investment of U.S.$10.0 million in the Corporation), National 
Social Security Fund, Board of Trustees, Kenya and the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe as new shareholders 
in 2024. Discussions are ongoing with non-shareholding Member Countries including Angola (through the 
Angola Sovereign Wealth Fund), Cape Verde (through its Ministry of Finance), Madagascar, Mauritania 
and Djibouti regarding potential equity investments in the Corporation and with some existing shareholders 
including Cote d’Ivoire, Egypt, Kenya (through the National Treasury of Kenya) and the African 
Development Bank regarding potential upsizes of their respective investments in the Corporation. The 
Corporation's new Member Countries are core to the overall country strategy of the Corporation, and 
integral to the sustenance of the economy of the African continent. A country becomes a Member Country 
upon acceding to the terms of the Establishment Agreement in accordance with that country's applicable 
legal and constitutional procedures. No assurances can be given as to if and when any prospective Member 
Countries will accede to the Establishment Agreement. 
The following map identifies the location of the Corporation's Member Countries.

--- Page 138 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 123 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
Purpose 
Under Article 5 of the Charter, the Corporation was established to foster economic growth and industrial 
development in African countries, collectively and individually, and in this regard, to: 
• 
support and promote infrastructure development in Africa through the provision of investment 
funds; 
• 
facilitate African trade generally and export-oriented trade by African countries; 
• 
contribute to the development of the energy and extractive industries in Africa; 
• 
provide on-lending and refinancing facilities to African financial institutions; and 
• 
generally engage in any kind of banking and or financial business intended to promote investment 
in Africa. 
Strengths 
The Corporation believes that the following competitive strengths differentiate it from its competitors and 
will enable it to capitalise on growth opportunities and expand its operations in Africa.

--- Page 139 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 124 - 
70-41079910 
 
Commercially focused shareholding and a pan-African mandate 
The Corporation has a pan-African mandate, which gives it the flexibility to assess projects and make 
investments in any African country. Unlike some other DFIs, the Corporation's investment mandate is not 
restricted to its Member Countries, which has allowed the Corporation to build synergies with other regional 
developmental partners, private sector entities and sponsors as it develops a robust pipeline of projects in 
Africa. Since its formation, the Corporation has reviewed multiple projects in a variety of countries, which 
has allowed it to build a diversified investment portfolio. This array of investment opportunities from 
different African countries supports the Corporation's opportunity for growth. For example, for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024 and the year ended 31 December 2023, the Corporation approved investments 
in Nigeria, Egypt, Djibouti, DRC, Sierra Leone, Senegal, South Africa, Ghana, Angola, Mauritanie, Cote 
d'Ivoire and Cape Verde among others. In March 2023, Infinity Power, an entity in which the Corporation 
is a key stakeholder, completed the acquisition of Lekela Power, which operates 1 GW of wind power 
projects in South Africa, Egypt and Senegal and has a 1.8 GW project pipeline which are in various stages 
of development. Furthermore, in February 2023, the Corporation entered into a joint development 
agreement with Trans Connexion Congo to jointly develop a mass transit system covering a linear route of 
300 km of railroad in Kinshasa, Africa’s most populous city, in the DRC. For the six months ended 30 June 
2024 and the year ended 31 December 2023, respectively, the Corporation considered 15 and 8 investment 
proposals spanning its five focus sectors. 
The advantage of having a pan-African mandate is further strengthened by the Corporation's hybrid nature 
as a multilateral development financial institution with substantial private sector participation, where the 
concepts of membership and shareholding in the Corporation are separate. Membership is only open to 
sovereign African countries and African multilateral financial institutions, while shareholding is open to 
both public (58.2% as at 30 June 2024) and private sector (41.8% as at 30 June 2024) investors. In 2022, 
the Public Investment Corporation of South Africa became a shareholder of the Corporation by making an 
investment of U.S.$100.0 million while Turk Eximbank and SBM Capital Markets Limited became 
shareholders of the Corporation by making investments of U.S.$110.0 million and U.S.$0.11 million, 
respectively, in 2023. The Board of Directors believe that the addition of these new shareholders to the 
Corporation will position it as an attractive investment vehicle for other multilateral and financial 
institutions in Africa. 
By separating shareholding from country membership in the Corporation, the Corporation is able to 
minimise political interference in its governance and operations and remain a commercially focused 
institution. The Corporation has instituted a three-tiered corporate governance structure that complies with 
international standards. Its corporate governance structure is composed of the Board of Directors 
(representing the shareholders), the various board committees (Board Audit and Compliance Committee 
("BACC"), Board Nominations & Governance Committee ("BNGC"), the Board Risk and Investment 
Committee ("BRIC")) and the EXCO. The Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") who heads the EXCO is 
appointed by the Board of Directors, and is supported by an executive management team, as well as five 
key management committees. The Corporation's governance structure is further strengthened with an 
internal audit function which reports directly to the BACC and operationally to the CEO. See "Management 
of the Corporation". 
Differentiated business model with a diversified service offering 
The Corporation's differentiated business model is based on the premise that investments in infrastructure 
projects should be self-sustaining in that they should generate sufficient cash flows and returns to investors 
in order to achieve long-term sustainability. In addition, the Corporation's cash flow generation is sufficient 
to support its ability to broaden its shareholder base. Therefore, it seeks to ensure that its investments 
balance the need for developmental impact with adequate financial return. The Corporation believes that 
this business model has supported the growth of its earnings over the years. For instance, the Corporation's 
gross income (comprising of its interest income, dividend income, fees, commissions and other income, net 
gain on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and gain on sale of financial assets) grew from 
U.S.$506.6 million in 2021 to U.S.$890.4 million in 2023 (U.S.$660.0 million in 2022). For the six months 
ended 30 June 2024, the Corporation's gross income was U.S.$567.3 million, indicating a trajectory of 
about U.S.$1.0 billion for the full year 2024 which would represent a 12% increase from 2023. The 
Corporation has been profitable every year from its inception to 31 December 2023. It has been able to 
meet all of its obligations under financial commitments in its lending and investing activities, thus building 
up credibility and recognition.

--- Page 140 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 125 - 
70-41079910 
 
The Corporation also has a diversified service offering that differentiates it from most other DFIs and 
commercial banks. The Establishment Agreement provides the Corporation with the flexibility to provide 
a broad range of financial services, allowing the Corporation to be innovative and develop a broad range of 
products and services that will provide appropriate financing solutions for projects. As a result, the 
Corporation has multiple sources of income, which it generates through the provision of financing to 
projects and corporate entities across the various layers of the capital structure, such as senior debt, 
subordinated debt, hybrids and equity and through the provision of various services, such as principal 
investing, project development and advisory. See "—Operations—Products and Services" below. In 
addition, the Corporation is able to offer longer term financing to its clients than most commercial banks. 
The Corporation's principal investment activities focus on five key sectors that it believes have the highest 
developmental impact and financial return. See "—Sectors" below. By focusing on five sectors, natural 
resources (being oil, gas and mining), telecommunications, transport, power and heavy industry, the 
Corporation has been able to build up core expertise in those sectors. While the Corporation's current focus 
is on its principal services of principal investing, project development and advisory services, as its business 
expands and opportunities arise, the range of products and services that the Corporation can provide to its 
clients can be expanded. For example, in September 2021, the Corporation created an independent asset 
management arm, AFC Capital Partners ("ACP"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation. ACP is 
charged with mobilising and managing third-party funds to unlock new sources of capital to fund the 
African infrastructure investment gap, estimated at U.S.$2.3 trillion. ACP will achieve this through a 
blended finance structure in order to raise U.S.$2.0 billion over the next 3 years. The Corporation has made 
a nominal investment in ACP. The objective of ACP is to mobilise third-party capital at scale from 
institutional investors (local, regional and global) to co-invest alongside the Corporation in transformational 
infrastructure projects on the African continent. 
ACP launched its first product in September 2021, the Infrastructure Climate Resilient Fund ("ICRF"), 
which is aimed at climate-proofing Africa’s vulnerable infrastructure. The ICRF has a target fund size of 
U.S.$750.0 million and is the inaugural fund on the African continent with a key focus on driving 
investments into climate resilient infrastructure projects by integrating scientifically derived impacts of 
climate change in the Corporation's core sectors. The ICRF aims to leverage the scale and breadth of AFC’s 
organisational, investment and operational track record to offer investment opportunities to third-party 
investors in sustainable and low carbon infrastructure projects across Africa. In March 2023, the ICRF 
secured a U.S.$253.0 million commitment from the Green Climate Fund. The Corporation does not expect 
to hold a significant stake in the ICRF and any investment by the Corporation will be drawn from the 
Corporation's capital. The ICRF will target foundations, climate funds, DFIs and other institutional 
investors to raise its capital. 
Attractive growth region with a sizeable and growing infrastructure investment opportunity 
The Corporation operates in one of the fastest growing regions globally. According to the IMF, Africa's 
gross domestic product increased by 5.1% in 2021, despite the COVID-19 pandemic, reflecting domestic 
policy adjustments, steady growth in the global economy, higher commodity prices and accommodative 
external financing conditions. In 2022, the growth in sub-Saharan Africa contracted to 3.9% on account of 
Russia's invasion of Ukraine and global inflationary pressures. Notwithstanding this, Africa recorded five 
of the ten fastest growing economies in the world in 2022 in terms of real GDP growth: Libya (17.2%), 
Senegal (8.3%), the DRC (6.3%), Côte d'Ivoire (6.2%) and Rwanda (6.2%). The IMF anticipates growth in 
sub-Saharan Africa to decline to 3.4% in 2023 before rebounding to 3.8% in 2024 and 4.0% in 2025 
predicated on a global recovery, subsiding inflation and the winding down of monetary policy tightening. 
Almost four-fifths of the countries are projected to register a growth pickup in 2024, driven by higher 
private consumption and investments. The economic growth in Africa can be attributed to its growing 
middle class with an increasing ability to pay for services and a young and growing population, of 
approximately 1.3 billion (expected to double to 2.5 billion by 2050 according to the United Nations) as 
reported by the Population Reference Bureau. Africa also has a large infrastructure deficit, and the rate of 
infrastructure development is slower than other regions in the world. In 2018, the AfDB estimated that 
Africa's infrastructure needs amount to U.S.$130.0 to U.S.$170.0 billion a year, with a financing gap in the 
range of U.S.$68.0 to U.S.$108.0 billion per year, which may have increased further due to the COVID-19 
pandemic. Furthermore, according to Moody's, Africa has the lowest default rate for project finance 
transactions by region over a 20-year period examined by Moody's. All of these factors provide numerous 
investment opportunities for the Corporation to continue to expand its operations. 
The Corporation's investment portfolio, which consists of its loans and equity investments, increased from 
U.S.$6.4 billion in 2021 to U.S.$7.3 billion as at 30 June 2024.

--- Page 141 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 126 - 
70-41079910 
 
Backed by supportive and diverse shareholders and Member Countries 
The Corporation enjoys support from its shareholders through their participation at the board and board 
committee level. The Board of Directors comprises senior industry executives and professionals, 
representing major banks and industrial corporations. In addition, the Corporation believes it enjoys support 
from its Member Countries in the form of preferred creditor status in its Member Countries. For example, 
in Côte d'Ivoire, as a result of the Corporation's preferred creditor status, the Corporation is not required to 
hold credit default insurance in connection with its €192.0 million participation loan facility for the Société 
Ivoirienne de Raffinage in 2018. Similarly, the Corporation enjoys preferred creditor status in Ghana, 
where, through its power vehicle, it is the largest shareholder in a 350 MW Independent Power Plant 
("IPP"). When the state-owned off-taker fell behind in its payments to power plants in the country, the 
Corporation's preferred creditor status ensured that the power plant was prioritised for payment from 
proceeds of the Eurobond issued by Ghana in the first quarter of 2020.  
The Corporation believes its preferred creditor status also reduces investment risks in Member Countries. 
For example, it is not subject to local foreign exchange controls in those countries, which enables the 
Corporation to provide more competitive financing solutions. In addition, the Corporation's diverse 
shareholder structure includes African and multilateral financial institutions that have a broad local 
presence, which ensure the Corporation's proximity to projects and transaction flows and which have the 
ability to facilitate connections in non-Member Countries. See "Risk Factors—The Corporation has 
historically benefited from rights and immunities granted to it by its Member Countries; however, there 
can be no assurance that it will continue to do so in the future". 
Strong capitalisation 
The Corporation believes it is well capitalised and is therefore in a strong position to finance projects in 
accordance with its strategic goals. At formation, the Corporation had fully paid in capital of U.S.$1.1 
billion, which gave it the ability to expand its operations rapidly and enhance its liquidity position. Its 
balance sheet provided income from the commencement of operations through its treasury investment 
management function. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's non-performing loan ratio and its Basel II ratio 
were 2.0% and 34.7%, respectively. As at 31 December 2023, the Corporation's non-performing loan ratio 
and its Basel II ratio were 2.0% and 34.5%, respectively. Furthermore, the Corporation has diversified 
sources of funding, including an increase in funding from DFIs. 
The Board of Directors have adopted a set of conservative prudential guidelines that govern its operations. 
These guidelines include capital adequacy, asset quality, management efficiency, earnings and liquidity 
ratios, where the Corporation's benchmarks are set to be conservative as compared with those at peer 
institutions (DFIs and private financial institutions). For example, the Corporation's prudential capital 
adequacy ratio limit is set at a level higher than 30%. However, if the Corporation's prudential capital 
adequacy ratio falls below 40%, the Corporation's financial policy requires mitigating actions to be 
considered, including the use of insurance to reduce risk assets, the management of growth of risk assets 
and working to attract new equity. See "—Capital Adequacy" below. The Corporation's liquidity ratio is 
intended to ensure that the Corporation keeps adequate stock of liquid assets capable to meet its net 
obligations over an 18-month period under 'business as usual' assumptions and over a 12-month period 
under a stress assumption. See "Risk Management—Liquidity Risk". The Corporation's leverage ratio is set 
at a maximum of three times the amount of shareholders' funds. These conservative prudential guidelines 
that govern the Corporation's operations seek to ensure that it is able to continue to deliver strong financial 
performance and expand its operations. 
Good asset quality and robust risk management framework 
The Corporation believes it has a robust risk management framework, which maintains strict lending 
criteria and risk management policies. This has resulted in a high-quality portfolio of assets, consistent 
profitability and sustained healthy financial ratios. See "Risk Management". Part of this risk management 
framework includes the Corporation's detailed investment appraisal process. See "—Lending—Loan 
Policies" below. Each investment goes through a four or five stage approval process (depending on a 
number of factors) based on the size of the investment and the type of product that is contemplated. 
Furthermore, the Corporation's non-performing loans to total loans ratio target is set at 3% and its impaired 
assets to total assets ratio target is set at 5%. Approval limits are also clearly defined for various approving 
authorities, such as the EXCO, the BRIC and the Board of Directors. The Corporation's risk management 
framework is intended to enable it to maintain a strong balance sheet with good asset quality.

--- Page 142 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 127 - 
70-41079910 
 
Diverse and experienced work force 
The Corporation's multinational and multi-lingual employees have significant experience in banking and 
infrastructure financing across Africa and strong technical backgrounds and experience across the five 
sectors in which the Corporation focuses. See "—Employees" below. For example, the Corporation's power 
sector team includes a staff member who has run power plants in an executive capacity and another who 
has been seconded to an operating power plant. Both staff members are capable of providing the required 
technical input for projects under consideration for investment, as well as technical advice to the 
Corporation's clients through various advisory mandates. The Corporation believes that the experience of 
its employees has helped it to deliver strong financial performance and growth. 
Strategy 
The Corporation's key strategies are based on achieving its goal of becoming the leading infrastructure 
financing solution provider in Africa. The main components of the Corporation's strategy are as follows. 
Grow balance sheet through the expansion of geographical presence and products 
In 2023, the Corporation formulated and approved a new five-year strategy that will run from 2024 to 2028. 
As part of this strategic plan, the Corporation intends to increase its impact on the African infrastructure 
space through its investment and financial services portfolio supported by additional capital. As part of this 
strategy, the Corporation also plans to increase the number of shareholders from Member Countries and 
address new investable themes such as food security, climate resilience and digital infrastructure. The key 
elements of this five-year strategic plan include growing the Corporation's balance sheet to U.S.$20.0 
billion, raising $1.0 billion of equity capital and growing its shareholder funds to U.S.$ 6 billion, improving 
its profitability and maintaining an investment grade rating. See "Risk Factors—Any delays to, or failure to 
successfully implement the Corporation's strategic plan could have a material adverse impact on its 
financial performance". 
The Corporation's plans to broaden its origination and asset creation efforts in new geographical markets, 
such as Francophone Africa, East, Southern and North Africa, will further establish the Corporation's brand 
and help to increase its market share. The Corporation also plans to increase its development of attractive 
and well-structured investment projects, through its project development business, which could in turn 
create additional investment opportunities for its investment business. Furthermore, in 2022, the 
Corporation expanded its investment strategy to include two new initiatives of: (a) technology, where the 
Corporation will play a catalyst role in evolving from physical infrastructure to include digital services and 
technology; and (b) forestry, with the Corporation aiming to grow its involvement in climate conservation 
through expanding on the existing activity, namely forestry and acquisition of complex ecosystems to offset 
hydrocarbon emissions of the Corporation's portfolio and generate carbon credits from forestry concessions. 
Going forward, the Corporation intends to accelerate its expansion into digital infrastructure and digital 
services within the technology sector.  
As part of its strategy, the Corporation is committed to fostering climate resilience in Africa and aims to 
continue investing in climate mitigation and adaptation assets such as renewable energy, natural resource 
optimisation, sustainable transportation and energy efficient projects. Additionally, the Corporation aims 
to leverage its investment track record and innovative de-risking tools to mobile global sustainable finance 
for Africa through various initiatives, including the ICRF established by the Corporation as a vehicle for 
mobilising funding to support climate adaptation in Africa. The Corporation also aims to leverage its key 
partnerships, including its partnership with the Green Climate Fund in the deployment of blended climate 
finance products, such as equity co-investments with the ICRF. See "—Subsidiaries". Through its 
sustainable investing principles, the Corporation is also focused on the climate and development challenges 
facing Africa and is committed to investing in necessary infrastructure across the continent. For instance, 
within the power sector, the Corporation is committed to developing a 2GW renewable energy platform 
over the next few years, through the aggregation of core renewable projects such as wind, solar and 
hydropower as well as new technologies such as batteries, hydrogen and large-scale desalination projects. 
While the Corporation's specific market opportunities may evolve over time, its strategy is to provide a 
suite of instruments, including equity and debt instruments and traditional blended climate finance products, 
that can be deployed across various project types to support a broad range of clients including sovereigns 
and state-owned entities and corporations.

--- Page 143 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 128 - 
70-41079910 
 
The Corporation also aims to be at the forefront in developing innovative financial products for financing 
infrastructure projects in Africa in order to address a greater variety of project financing needs. For example, 
the Corporation intends to participate in the development and financing of integrated and interdependent 
infrastructure in the countries in which it invests, in order to contribute to the commercial or operational 
viability of larger projects in a region, as reflected in projects such as the reorganisation of the Gabon 
Special Economic Zone ("GSEZ") that resulted in the creation of three separate ARISE vertical entities: 
ARISE Ports and Logistics, ARISE Special Economic Zone (Integrated Industrial Platform) ("ARISE SEZ 
(IIP)") and ARISE Infrastructure Services. See "—Operations—Transport." In addition, the Corporation 
is developing a joint venture with the CBN and the Nigeria Sovereign Investment Authority. The joint 
venture project was conceived by the Federal Government of Nigeria and the CBN as a special purpose 
infrastructure development and financing company for Nigeria, which will undertake large-scale projects 
for the benefit of Nigeria. Such products entail a holistic approach to project development, targeting more 
significant developmental impact as well as increased bankability. Projects such as the GSEZ/ARISE 
project aim to shift the economies of Member Countries away from the export of raw materials and toward 
value-accretive domestic investment that will create jobs and decrease greenhouse gas emissions. 
Furthermore, in May 2022, the Corporation launched a U.S.$2.0 billion African Economic Resilience 
Facility (the "Facility") to support recovery in Africa in response to economic challenges created by the 
global pandemic and the war between Russia and Ukraine. The Corporation has committed to funding up 
to 50% of the Facility. The remainder will be funded by the Corporation's network of international partners 
and investors. The Facility will be disbursed through loans from the Corporation to selected commercial 
banks, regional development banks and central banks in various African countries, providing them with the 
currency liquidity to finance trade and other economic activities in their jurisdictions and allowing them to 
leverage upon the Corporation's access to global funding to receive financing at competitive rates. Since 
May 2022, transactions worth U.S.$1.5 billion have been funded under the Facility with the Corporation's 
contribution to this funding aggregating to U.S.$260.0 million. 
At the same time, the Corporation is also looking to grow its country membership and broaden its 
shareholder base. See "—Country Membership and Shareholding" above. In order to fund these additional 
projects, the Corporation's strategy is to maintain a flexible balance sheet with a debt to equity ratio of 3:1, 
by continuing to implement its funding strategy of diversifying its funding sources and to maintain and 
possibly improve on its credit rating, which is an important factor in determining its cost of funds and access 
to capital. 
Build on strength in each core sector and leverage existing products and services 
The Corporation has adopted a strategy of focusing and building expertise in five core sectors which have 
both a high developmental and financial impact. These sectors include natural resources (oil, gas and 
mining), power, transport infrastructure, heavy industry and telecommunications. Within these five sectors, 
the Corporation provides a broad range of products and services. The variety of choices and the longer tenor 
of loans that the Corporation can offer provide it with a competitive advantage over other DFIs and 
commercial banks. The products and services provided by the Corporation include, among others, advisory 
(financial and technical) services, equity, debt, mezzanine, convertibles, syndications and acquisition 
financing. As part of its growth strategy, the Corporation plans on increasing its focus on advisory services. 
In addition, in 2019 the Corporation also increased its focus on project development and advisory services, 
in order to capitalise on successes with various local stakeholders during 2018 and compensate for a lack 
of newly available bankable projects on the continent. Project development and advisory services made a 
considerable contribution to the Corporation's financial performance in 2019. Despite the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the project development team was able to retain several key milestones in the 
development process for many of the projects in its pipeline in 2022 and 2023 and supported West African 
Energy's 300 MW Thermal Power Project in Senegal and the Nyanza Titanium Dioxide Pigment Plant in 
South Africa by providing U.S.$3.0 million and U.S.$2.0 million, respectively, to help these projects 
achieve financial close in 2022-2023. In 2023, the project development team continued to make progress 
in the development of its projects despite increasing competition and challenging market dynamics. 
Regarding projects in construction, the construction of the 300MW thermal power project in Senegal 
continues to progress and the project is now expected to achieve first fire of the single cycle phase in 
September 2024. The construction, energisation and commissioning of the Djibouti wind farm project was 
completed in 2023, with an inauguration ceremony held in the same year. The project received a technical 
commercial operations date in 2023 paving the way for the issuance of the project’s first invoice to the 
national utility and off-taker. Other key projects currently under development include the Nyanza Titanium 
Dioxide Pigment Plant in South Africa, the Blackrose Methanol Plant in Nigeria, the Metrokin Rail project

--- Page 144 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 129 - 
70-41079910 
 
in DRC, the Highway Development and Management Initiative in Nigeria, the Lobito-Zambia Rail Project, 
the SkyPower Solar Project in the DRC and the Kipushi Tailings Project in the DRC. 
Identify and deploy cost optimisation measures 
The Corporation controls operating costs within its business through a number of measures and seeks to 
continue to improve its operational efficiency as it grows. For example, an annual cost budget is prepared 
by the Corporation's executive management, which is approved by the Board of Directors. The cost budget 
is tracked on a monthly basis and forms part of management's key performance indicators. In addition, any 
cost saving initiatives are also measured and tracked with a view to improving cost efficiency and 
effectiveness. The Corporation also has an expense policy approved by the Board of Directors that covers 
the framework for incurring and approving all operating expenses. For example, delegated authorities have 
to be approved by the Board of Directors and there are certain expenses that can only be approved by the 
Chief Executive Officer upon the recommendation of the Chief Financial Officer. 
In addition, the Corporation has a procurement committee that reviews significant expenses. Expenses 
above U.S.$5,000 are reviewed by the procurement committee and a purchase order issued only after 
evaluation of at least three independent quotes in a competitive bidding process. In instances where 
specialised services are required, the procurement committee will have to obtain executive management 
approval before issuing a purchase order if the cost of the service is under U.S.$50,000 and independent 
quotes have to be obtained for evaluation if the cost will be U.S.$50,000 or greater. This single source 
procurement approach is typically used for assignments that are a natural continuation of previous work 
carried out by the service provider, if rapid selection is essential, for example in an emergency or response 
to disasters, for smaller assignments; and when only one service provider has the requisite experience and 
qualifications. 
The Corporation's cost to income ratio was 14.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The Corporation's 
cost to income ratio has decreased from 22.9% for the year ended 31 December 2021 to 19.6% for the year 
ended 31 December 2023. Its cost to income ratio target is 35.0%. The Corporation plans to continue 
conducting a systematic review of its cost base at all levels and to implement operational efficiencies where 
appropriate. The Corporation's goal is to provide its services with above market level efficiency. 
Operations 
The Corporation provides financing for infrastructure development and trade in Africa. The Corporation 
has established fundamental principles that guide the Corporation when considering investments. These 
principles are as follows: 
• 
Commercially oriented investments: In order to attract the level of capital required to develop 
lasting infrastructure, the Corporation believes that projects should deliver returns to investors. 
Africa's infrastructure must be seen as a viable long-term asset capable of competing with global 
contemporaries in order to be sustainable. 
• 
Strong and long-term partnerships: The scale of the investment deficit in African infrastructure 
is beyond the ability of any one institution, or nation, to accommodate. Long-term sustainability 
can only be achieved through the establishment and maintenance of strategic partnerships between 
local, national, regional and international stakeholders. Partnerships and innovation will be core 
drivers for change between the public and private sector. 
• 
Environmental and social sustainability: Environmental and social risk management must be at 
the core of all the Corporation's operations and projects. The Corporation is committed to ensuring 
that the costs of economic development do not fall disproportionally on those least able to bear 
those costs, that the environment is not degraded in the process and that natural resources are 
managed efficiently and in a sustainable manner. 
• 
Maintenance: Long-term sustainability requires a vigorous approach to the maintenance of 
existing and construction of new infrastructure assets. The Corporation is committed to ensuring 
that each of its projects, beyond the scope of its financing, incorporates a world-class approach to 
maintenance and repair.

--- Page 145 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 130 - 
70-41079910 
 
Following its recent corporate reorganisation, the Corporation is divided into two main business divisions, 
Investments and Financial Services. 
The Corporation's Investment division is responsible for the end-to-end project development, origination, 
structuring and execution of investments. This division is further divided into groups based on sector 
classifications, with each group responsible for customer relationship management and investments within 
its sector. The Investment division also works closely with Risk Management to perform portfolio 
management functions for the Corporation's investment portfolio. The Investment division offers a diverse 
range of financing products, such as loans, quasi-equity financing, equity and arranging services to 
infrastructure projects in Africa. It also provides technical and economic advisory services to projects that 
are in the early stage of project development. 
The Corporation's Financial Services division is divided into three groups: (i) treasury and funding, (ii) 
financial institutions and syndication, and (iii) financial advisory. The treasury and funding group is 
responsible for the Corporation's capital raising and covers both debt and equity. Its function is to seek to 
ensure that the Corporation has adequate capital and the appropriate capital structure. The treasury and 
funding group interfaces with the Corporation's shareholders, bankers, potential lenders, rating agencies 
and other providers of capital. It is also responsible for the management of the liquidity of the Corporation, 
ensuring that all liquidity risk management indices are met and that the Corporation is able to meet its 
contractual obligations under normal as well as stressed environments. It is also responsible for designing 
and executing hedging activities to manage the Corporation's exposures to market risk. The financial 
institutions and syndication team is responsible for leading syndications of the Corporation's transactions 
and participations in external syndications, as well as seeking and executing asset buy and sell down 
opportunities. It is also responsible for trade finance transactions that do not fall under one of the sectors in 
the Investment division and those that involve financial institutions. The financial advisory group is 
responsible for providing advisory services to clients and generating fee-based income for the Corporation. 
Products and Services 
The Corporation offers three main complementary services: (i) investments, (ii) project development and 
(iii) financial advisory services, syndications and trade finance. These three service areas offer clients a 
range of products, such as project and structured debt finance, trade finance, greenfield and expansion 
equity, as well as acquisition capital. These products are complemented by advisory capabilities in areas 
such as project development, capital raisings and restructurings. 
Investments 
The Corporation provides financing to infrastructure projects and to existing businesses seeking expansion 
capital in Africa. Financial products offered by the Corporation include senior debt facilities, equity and 
hybrid investment products such as quasi-equity or subordinated debt facilities. The Corporation also 
provides trade finance to banks to enhance their capacity to finance trade transactions in or relating to 
Africa. It also provides trade facilities to major African corporate entities, either directly or in partnership 
with other financial institutions. For example, the Corporation has previously partnered with Standard 
Chartered to boost trade finance in Africa by establishing a portfolio based risk-sharing facility on the 
underlying portfolio of the trade finance instruments through African issuing banks. On 10 December 2021, 
the Corporation's board approved a request to renew the Corporation's U.S.$100.0 million limit to a 
U.S.$200.0 million risk sharing program with Standard Chartered Bank. As at 30 June 2024, 8.4% of the 
Corporation's total assets were attributable to trade finance, 33.2% to project finance facilities and 10.8% 
to equity investments, while as at 31 December 2023, 5.6% of the Corporation's total assets were 
attributable to trade finance, 31.6% to project finance facilities and 10.6% to equity investments. 
The Corporation's equity business strategy is built around the following three principles: (i) using its local 
and industry knowledge and investment structuring capabilities to select attractively priced assets, (ii) 
helping to build these businesses by using the Corporation's network of contacts, its technical and financial 
expertise, and its existing relationships with governments, DFIs, international finance institutions and 
commercial banks, as well as helping to seek to optimise such businesses' operations in close partnership 
with the management team and shareholders, and (iii) maximising value through timely and well-executed 
exit strategies. The Corporation occasionally deploys equity capital at the development stage of a project 
or to fund expansions or buy-outs of existing companies or assets. Equity investments typically range from 
U.S.$10.0 million to U.S.$50.0 million, although larger investments may be considered in certain projects. 
The Corporation generally seeks to take significant minority stakes. See "—Equity Portfolio" below.

--- Page 146 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 131 - 
70-41079910 
 
Project Development 
The Corporation seeks to identify and guide infrastructure projects from conception through construction, 
either solely or by developing these projects jointly with other project sponsors. In return, the Corporation 
earns development fees or other similar returns, while the project development activities provide it with a 
pipeline of viable projects in which to invest. The Corporation also provides technical and financial 
advisory services to project sponsors and government entities on early stage project development work. For 
example, the Corporation provides techno-economic analysis, feasibility studies and detailed engineering 
assessments. The Corporation was the lead developer of the U.S.$900.0 million project financing of the 
Cenpower General Company Limited Kpone IPP in Ghana that reached financial close in December 2014 
and has been operational since commissioning in June 2019. In addition, the Corporation developed and 
closed the Dynamic Mining's Bon Ami bauxite project in the Boke region in Western Guinea-Conakry. In 
February 2020, the Corporation was the lead developer and investor, alongside FMO, Climate Investor 
One and the local developer, Great Horn Investment Holdings SAS, the 100% subsidiary of Djibouti Ports 
and Free Zones Authority, in a 60 MW wind farm project in Djibouti. In 2022, the Corporation supported 
West African Energy's 300 MW Thermal Power Project in Senegal and the Nyanza Titanium Dioxide 
Pigment Plant in South Africa by providing U.S.$3.0 million and U.S.$2.0 million, respectively, to help 
these projects achieve financial close. In 2023, the 300MW Independent Power Plant in Senegal supported 
by the Corporation achieved financial close. In addition, in 2023, the Corporation concluded a development 
loan agreement to co-develop the Blackrose Methanol Project, a natural gas to methanol production facility, 
in Akwa Ibom, Nigeria. The Corporation's responsibilities include: (i) preparing a detailed project 
development plan and budget, (ii) procuring and co-ordinating third-party advisers, contractors and 
suppliers, (iii) managing government stakeholders, (iv) procuring licenses, permits and approvals, (v) 
negotiating project documentation, (vi) project execution, and (vii) developing, negotiating and 
implementing a project financing plan. Other active projects under development are: a U.S.$4.0 million 
pre-construction funding facility for the re-processing of copper-cobalt tailings in the DRC; a U.S.$3.0 
million project development investment for the development of a 12,000 barrels per day ("bpd") refinery 
and storage terminal in Guinea-Conakry, in association with Brahms Oil Refineries Limited; a U.S.$20.0 
million project development loan to YAATRA Africa for the development of a 60,000 bpd refinery, a 211 
kilometre refined crude pipeline, an on-site storage facility for feedstock and refined products in Hoima, 
Uganda and a receiving storage terminal in Bulba, Uganda; a U.S.$1.0 million project development equity 
investment in Africa Synergy for the development of a 33 MW solar plant and 300 kilometre transmission 
line in Lisnan, Guinea-Conakry; and a U.S.$3.25 million project development loan for the development of 
a 300 MW combined cycle gas fired IPP in Cap des Biches, Senegal. In 2023, the Corporation entered into 
a joint development agreement with Trans Connexion Congo to jointly develop the urban train for mass 
transportation covering a linear route of 300 km of railway in Kinshasa. This urban train is to be executed 
in four phases, with an immediate focus on phase 1 which involves a 25 km rail connection from the central 
station of Kinshasa to the Ndjili airport. The project includes the construction of two large stations (Central 
Station and Ndjili Airport) and six smaller stations. It aims to provide a modern urban train for mass 
transportation and to improve transport times, particularly between the suburbs and the city centre, whilst 
taking polluting vehicles off the road and reducing GHG emissions. In addition, the Corporation together 
with other institutions such as African Infrastructure Investment Managers, Climate Investor One and 
Eleqtra, led the formation of the Africa Infrastructure Development Association, an association of project 
developers which seeks to promote and enable project development activities in Africa, with a view to 
ensuring that more projects in Africa receive funding from African banking institutions. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation had approximately U.S.$14.4 billion of disbursed investments since 
inception. In addition, as at 30 June 2024, the Corporation had undrawn but committed lines of credit in the 
amount of U.S.$483.9 million and had unfunded risk participation and guarantees in the amount of U.S.$1.9 
billion. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Corporation disbursed U.S.$1.3 billion of new debt 
investments (U.S.$1.7 billion for the year ended 31 December 2023). As at 31 December 2023, the 
Corporation had undrawn but committed lines of credit in the amount of U.S.$844.8 million and had 
unfunded risk participation and guarantees in the amount of U.S.$1.7 billion. 
Financial Advisory Services and Syndications 
The Financial Advisory department provides financial and technical advice to public and private sector 
clients across Africa, in the areas of infrastructure project development, financial engineering, corporate 
finance, financial restructuring, project finance, mergers and acquisitions, asset management, technical 
support and project development. The suite of advisory service offerings is structured around the 
Corporation's core areas of operational strength, which are: project conception and development, technical

--- Page 147 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 132 - 
70-41079910 
 
appraisal, investment structuring, capital raising and portfolio monitoring. In this capacity, the Corporation 
offers proven expertise and relationships in these core areas to selected external public and private clients 
in Africa. 
The Corporation also partners with a broad range of international and local institutions focused on Africa, 
with a view to delivering high-quality advisory input to sponsors, governments and corporate groups 
seeking to develop important infrastructure projects in Africa. Key projects have included advice and 
capital raising services for governments, private sponsors and state-owned enterprises working on 
transformational infrastructure projects in Nigeria, Guinea-Conakry, Côte d'Ivoire, Rwanda, and Djibouti, 
as well as large multinational corporations undertaking or seeking to enter into large infrastructure 
investments in several African countries. 
The Financial Advisory department has also achieved significant milestones on a cross section of 
transactions executed within and outside Nigeria. Transactions outside Nigeria include financial advice to 
the Djibouti Port Free Zone Authority on a variety of financial transactions, such as the successful closure 
of a U.S.$63.0 million capital raise for the construction and operation of a 60 MW wind project in Djibouti 
and financial advisory support for the development of a greenfield world-class ship repair facility and an 
oil jetty. In Guinea-Conakry, the Financial Advisory department secured a project development financing 
for a private sector UAE-based sponsor in the development and financing of a storage terminal, a captive 
12,000 barrels per day modular petroleum refinery as well as ancillary infrastructure, including a jetty and 
a pipeline to be located in Kamsar, Guinea-Conakry, with ongoing advisory services to raise U.S.$350.0 
million of project financing. In Rwanda, the department provides ongoing advice to a private sector 
consortium in the project development and funding of a U.S.$500.0 million greenfield international airport 
to be located in the Bugesera district of Rwanda. The Financial Advisory department also advised Nachtigal 
Hydro Power Company in Cameroon on an interest rate hedge for its €430.0 million facility rate loan. In 
Nigeria, the Financial Advisory department continues to lead an ongoing assignment to assist the Central 
Bank of Nigeria ("CBN") with deploying and monitoring a circa U.S.$2.0 billion infrastructure intervention 
facility for Nigeria's electricity and aviation sectors. This involves advising an EPC contractor for the 
development, construction and financing of an approximately 265 kilometre petroleum pipeline 
infrastructure project in Nigeria under a specialised EPC financing structure and advising the managers of 
the pioneer and largest local currency infrastructure fund focused on Nigeria. In addition, the Financial 
Advisory department advised the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Finance on its various options for financing 
or commercialisation of critical infrastructure projects, as well as the technical and commercial viability of 
a number of projects. 
In 2022, the Financial Advisory department advised the NNPC on its successful acquisition of OVH Energy 
Marketing from international investors Helios LP and Vitol. This acquisition positions NNPC as the largest 
and fastest-growing commercial energy company in West Africa and was aimed at ensuring energy security 
for Nigeria’s growing population. In addition, it provided market entry to the Togolese market for NNPC, 
diversified its revenues and made it a major player in the downstream oil and gas sector within the region. 
The Corporation acted as a financial advisor to the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company and 
Neconde Energy Limited in restructuring and raising U.S.$1.8 billion through a financing and technical 
services arrangement in order to finance further development, exploration, appraisal, production, operations 
and transportation of crude oil, condensate and natural gas from their jointly owned landmark asset, OML 
42. The Corporation continued its role as a transaction advisor to FGN Power Company Limited, the 
Government of Nigeria’s implementation vehicle for the Presidential Power Initiative which is being 
executed in partnership with Siemens Energy, as well as its work with the Government of Nigeria and its 
international partner, the global construction company, Mota Engil, on the U.S.$2.0 billion development 
and financing of the 378 km Kano-Maradi railway project linking Northern Nigeria with the neighbouring 
Niger Republic. 
In 2023, the Financial Advisory department provided advisory services to 24 projects totalling over U.S.$18 
billion located across the Corporation's Member States including Angola, the DRC, Ghana, Guinea, Niger, 
Nigeria, Sierra Leone and Zambia. These include continuing advisory work on projects such as the Kano-
Maradi railway and the Atuabo Gas Processing Plant in Ghana as well as new mandates such as the 
Methanol Production plant in Akwa Ibom, Nigeria and the BUA Refining & Petrochemical Complex in 
Nigeria. 
The Corporation's Syndications department plays a vital role in the mobilisation of private capital in support 
of the Corporation's infrastructure and development mandate. By mobilising private capital over the years, 
the Corporation has developed connections with various providers of capital, including but not limited to

--- Page 148 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 133 - 
70-41079910 
 
commercial banks, investment banks, developmental financial institutions, institutional investors, pension 
funds, sovereign wealth funds, debt funds and insurance companies. These connections have enabled the 
Corporation to regularly assemble a consortium of investors to jointly fund projects – traditionally for every 
U.S.$1.0 that the Corporation has invested in projects, it has been able to raise U.S.$4.0 from other 
investors. With Africa's huge infrastructure deficit in excess of U.S.$100.0 billion, these connections foster 
domestic and foreign direct investment and provide a fund-raising path for financing Africa's urgent 
infrastructure needs. In 2019, the Corporation arranged and syndicated parallel loans for the Takoradi 
multipurpose port project in Ghana and the ARISE container terminal port in Mauritania. In December 
2021, the Corporation raised U.S.$400.0 million in a new syndicated loan to support the post-pandemic 
recovery through critical development of infrastructure in Africa. 
In addition to its traditional forms of mobilising capital using products such as B-loans, parallel loans, 
partnership loans (P-loans) and unfunded risk participations, the Syndications department is also 
responsible for structuring bespoke credit mobilisation products. In 2019, the Corporation embarked on a 
number of new mobilisation and risk distribution initiatives including an A-B bond programme and a 
co-financing programme, and in 2022, the Corporation continued to build and execute these initiatives. The 
Corporation successfully deployed two inaugural products, the A-B bond and credit insured B-loans, both 
innovative structured solutions, designed mainly to attract capital from institutional investors. The A-B 
bond structure repacks loans into note format through a credit enhanced special purpose vehicle ("SPV") 
which transforms non-investment grade loans into investment grade notes. The credit insured B-loan is 
structured to minimise the risk taken on by investors in the event of a default by the obligor with respect to 
the underlying asset. These initiatives will allow the Corporation to further diversify its mobilisation 
sources and more efficiently access funding from such partners. 
In 2022, the Corporation acted as a co-global coordinator, co-initial mandated lead arranger and underwriter 
on the EUR 1 billion senior term facility of BOI which was fully guaranteed by the Corporation. The 
Corporation's role in this transaction enabled BOI to tap into new sources of liquidity and through the 
Corporation's full unconditional on-demand guarantee, benefit from a credit enhancement which led to a 
lower cost of funding in comparison to its legacy syndicated loan facilities. The Corporation also acted as 
a co-mandated lead arranger on the U.S.$325.0 million dual-tranche syndicated term loan facility for 
Ecobank Transnational Incorporated ("ETI"), which is designed to support the liquidity needs of ETI’s 
subsidiaries for on-lending for project finance, capex finance and trade finance across Africa. Through its 
unfunded risk participation and insurance programmes, the Corporation mobilised around U.S.$300.0 
million in unfunded participations in its role as a co-mandated lead arranger in its U.S.$250 million 
participation in Transnet SOC Ltd’s U.S.$685.0 million term loan facility to finance its capital expenditure 
needs. Additionally, through funded participations, the Corporation mobilised and reached financial close 
on a U.S.$90.0 million syndicated loan facility for Dynamic Mining SAS to develop a bauxite mine project 
in the Republic of Guinea, a EUR 150.0 million syndicated loan facility for the construction of road 
infrastructure projects (including reinforcement and rehabilitation of 276 km of existing roads) for the 
Government of Côte d’Ivoire and a U.S.$300.0 million syndicated bridge loan facility for the Government 
of Nigeria as part of its U.S.$2.0 billion development and financing of the 378 km standard gauge Kano-
Maradi railway project linking Northern Nigeria with the neighbouring Niger Republic. 
In particular, in May 2022, the Corporation launched a U.S.$2.0 billion facility to support recovery in Africa 
in response to economic challenges created by the global pandemic and the war between Russia and 
Ukraine. The Corporation has committed to funding up to 50% of the facility. The remainder will be funded 
by the Corporation’s network of international partners and investors. The facility will be disbursed through 
loans from the Corporation to selected commercial banks, regional development banks and central banks 
in various African countries. 
In 2024, the Corporation acted as a co-global coordinator, mandated lead arranger and bookrunner on the 
EUR 1.0 billion senior term loan facility (with an accordion of up to EUR 1.0 billion) of BOI. The 
Corporation also provided a credit guarantee to BOI for the facility, which is backed by a corresponding 
counter guarantee to the Corporation from the CBN. 
Sectors  
The Corporation prioritises sectors that it believes have both high profit potential and high developmental 
impact. Its current focus is on originating and executing transactions in five sectors: natural resources, 
heavy industry, power, transport and telecommunications. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation had 15.3% 
of its total loans allocated to the natural resources sector (split as to 9.1% to oil and gas (upstream) and

--- Page 149 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 134 - 
70-41079910 
 
6.2% to oil and gas (downstream) and mining), 17.9 to the heavy industry and telecommunications sectors, 
13.5% to the power sector, 16.4% to the transport sector and 11.1% to sovereign borrowers. 25.9% of the 
Corporation's total loans were held at financial institutions as part of its treasury activities. 
Natural Resources 
The Corporation has acted as financier and adviser to a number of leading project sponsors that are looking 
to undertake transactions in the oil and gas and mining sectors in Africa. The Corporation has provided 
equity and debt in a number of divestment programmes by international oil companies in connection with 
rebalancing such companies' portfolios. Some of the transactions that the Corporation has supported in the 
natural resources sector since its inception include:  
• 
acting with a consortium of banks on a U.S.$750.0 million reserve-based lending facility to Prime 
Oil and Gas B.V., the owner of two international oil companies operating offshore oil mining 
licenses in Nigeria; 
• 
acting as the co-mandated lead arranger on a U.S.$190.0 million senior secured debt facility to 
Sociedade Petrolifera Angolana S.A. to provide financing for its acquisition non-operated interests 
in Angolan offshore blocks from Total Energies and Inpex Corporation; 
• 
a U.S.$55.0 million mezzanine debt facility to FG Gold Limited for the construction of Baomahun 
Gold project in Sierra Leone followed by a U.S.$45.0 million stream investment in the project; 
• 
acting as the mandated lead arranger of a U.S.$1.3 billion syndicated limited recourse credit facility 
(and committing U.S.$100.0 million) for Glencore Energy UK Ltd ("Glencore") that was used by 
Glencore to provide financing of U.S.$1.45 billion to Société des Hydrocarbures du Tchad, the 
national oil company of Chad, as an advance payment for future deliveries of crude oil to Glencore; 
• 
the co-financing of the U.S.$750.0 million project finance debt facilities to Kosmos Energy 
Limited for the phase-one development of the Jubilee Oil Field in Ghana; 
• 
a U.S.$35.0 million investment (as part of a U.S.$205.0 million investment by an international 
consortium including Orion Mine Finance and Resource Capital Funds) in Alufer Mining Limited 
used to fund pre-production capital expenditure in Guinea-Conakry, which is expected to create 
over 3,500 jobs. The Corporation is the sole private investor in the largest foreign investment in 
Guinea-Conakry since the West African Ebola outbreak; 
• 
the co-financing of the U.S.$81.0 million acquisition of the Bonikro Gold Mine in Côte d' Ivoire 
via a mixture of debt and equity, in partnership with F&M Gold Resources Ltd, as part of a larger 
strategy to develop the mine for the benefit of its employees, the community and all Côte d' Ivoire 
stakeholders; 
• 
the co-financing of a U.S.$425.0 million senior secured loan facility to New Age (African Global 
Energy), an oil and gas exploration and production company, for expanding production activities 
in Nigeria, Congo-Brazzaville and Iraqi-Kurdistan as well as developing other oil and gas fields in 
the portfolio of New Age; 
• 
a U.S.$100.0 million convertible debt investment and a U.S.$100.0 million corporate term bond 
investment in Aker Energy A.S., a Ghana-based subsidiary of Norwegian parent Aker ASA, for 
the development of the Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points project, an offshore block of oil fields 
in Ghana, which have both been approved and while the convertible debt investment has been fully 
disbursed, the corporate term bond investment allocation was repurposed through a subsequent 
request for a U.S.$200.0 million senior secured convertible bond instrument to Energy Partner 
Holdings, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$150.0 million equity investment through shareholder loans and share capital subscription 
in Nouvelle Gabon Mining SA, a manganese mine in Gabon, which has been approved and fully 
disbursed and a U.S.$120.0 million additional equity investment in Nouvelle Gabon Mining SA, 
which has been approved but not fully disbursed (a U.S.$26 million of the undisbursed additional 
equity investment has been repurposed for investing in the Nouvelle Gabon Mining Smelter plant. 
This remains approved but not yet disbursed);

--- Page 150 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 135 - 
70-41079910 
 
• 
a U.S.$75.0 million reserve-based lending facility to partly finance the U.S.$1.3 billion acquisition 
of OML 17, the Trans Niger Pipeline by Trans Niger Oil & Gas Limited in Nigeria, with a 
U.S.$25.0 million hedge, which has been approved for up to the final allocation of U.S.$50.0 
million and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$78.0 million investment comprising debt, equity and stream and a U.S.$8.0 million equity 
investment in Thor Explorations Limited for the construction of the Segilola gold project in Osun, 
Nigeria, which have both been approved but the investment also comprising debt has not been fully 
disbursed, while the equity investments and stream have been fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$150.0 million investment comprising both debt (insured for up to 80% of its value against 
political and credit risk) and equity in Colluli Mining Share Company, implementing the Colluli 
Sulphate of Potash Project in Eritrea, which has been approved but not fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$45.0 million participation in a receivables purchase agreement facility to Sonangol Finance 
Limited, a finance subsidiary of the Angolan oil company Sonangol EP, which has been approved 
and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$85.0 million equity, mezzanine and senior debt investment for the development of Dynamic 
Mining's Bon Ami bauxite project in the Boke region in Western Guinea-Conakry, which has been 
approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$70.0 million investment in a U.S.$2.0 billion reserve-based lending facility to Petrobras Oil 
& Gas B.V ("POGBV"), which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$200.0 million structured notes and equity investment in Energy Partner Holdings, which 
has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$110.0 million mezzanine debt investment in Shalina Resources Limited, which has been 
approved but not yet disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$135.0 million senior debt investment in Energy Link Infrastructure Malta Limited, which 
has been approved but not yet disbursed; 
• 
U.S.$75.0 million in an up to U.S.$300.0 million 7-year secured, subordinated pre-export finance 
facility in favour of Prime Oil & Gas B.V (formerly POGBV), which has been approved and fully 
disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$85.0 million senior debt and working capital facility in aggregate funding to Lucara 
Botswana (Proprietary) Limited to part fund the expansion of Lucara’s Operating Karowe diamond 
mine in Botswana and support open pit operations, which has been approved but not fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$75.0 million in Prime Oil & Gas B.V (formerly POGBV) pre-export financing facility to 
refinance POGBVs reserve-based lending facility, after repurposing the investment approval for 
the U.S.$40.0 million 3-year term loan facility to PetroVida Holdings B.V. for acquisition 
financing of part shareholding in Prime Oil & Gas B.V. (formerly POGBV), which has been 
approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$175.0 million stream, mezzanine and senior debt financing for the development and 
construction of the Baomahun Gold Project, a 125 square km gold mining lease and associated 
infrastructure located in Sierra Leone, which has been approved but not fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$60.0 million Senior Debt and Subordinated Debt facility with Trafigura Ventures V B.V 
and Société Générale for the acquisition of a portfolio of onshore assets owned by Shell Egypt and 
Shell Austria GmbH in the Egyptian Western Desert, which has been approved, with the final 
U.S.$35.0 million allocation fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$150.0 million Senior Secured Reserve Based Lending Facility and Junior Debt Facility to 
Africa Oil Corp for the acquisition of a portfolio of direct and indirect interests in upstream and 
midstream oil and gas assets in Equatorial Guinea and Cameroon which has been approved, but 
not yet disbursed;

--- Page 151 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 136 - 
70-41079910 
 
• 
a U.S.$125.0 million participation in a receivables purchase agreement facility to Sonangol 
Finance Limited, a finance subsidiary of the Angolan oil company Sonangol EP, which has been 
approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$50.0 million in a U.S.$250.0 million, 5-year senior syndicated debt to Amaranta Funding 
Limited to fund the OML 42 Financing and Technical Services Agreement (FTSA), which has 
been approved but not yet disbursed; and 
• 
an equity investment for the acquisition of Aker Energy A.S., a Ghana-based subsidiary of 
Norwegian parent Aker ASA ("Aker"), which was completed on 14 April 2023. Through this 
investment, Aker Energy A.S. holds a 50% interest in the Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points 
project, an offshore block of oil fields in Ghana (DWT/CTP). The other owners of DWT/CTP 
include Lukoil (38%), Fuletrade (2%) and Ghana National Petroleum Corporation (10%). The 
consideration for this investment is an earn-out model based on potential future sales and/or 
production proceeds from the Pecan project. Aker will, on an ongoing basis, assess the value of the 
potential earn-out consideration compared to its current book value. 
Heavy Industry 
The heavy industry sector in Africa is diverse and consists of manufacturing, petroleum processing, natural 
gas utilisation and conversion processes, cement production, iron and steel production, minerals 
beneficiation and processing (for example sourcing, copper, cobalt), chemicals and petrochemicals, and 
fertilisers. Projects undertaken by the Corporation since its inception include: 
• 
a U.S.$100.0 million commitment as part of a U.S.$500.0 million senior term loan facility to BUA 
Cement Plc to part-finance its investment programme, which includes expanding its capacity from 
2 to 8 million metric tons per annum at its Kalambaina plant in Sokoto, Nigeria; 
• 
acting as mandated lead arranger on a U.S.$335.6 million facility for the construction of a 30,000 
bpd modular refinery in Angola; 
• 
a U.S.$100.0 million commitment as part of a U.S.$3.0 billion senior secured corporate loan to 
Nigeria LNG Limited for the development and construction of its seventh liquefaction train and 
associated facilities; 
• 
a U.S.$50.0 million investment in the form of convertible debt to ARM Cement Limited, located 
in Kenya, to support its future regional expansion initiatives in Tanzania and South Africa; 
• 
a U.S.$40.0 million debt facility to PPC Barnet DRC to build a cement plant in the DRC; 
• 
a U.S.$300.0 million commitment to a U.S.$1.0 billion syndicated debt facility to Dangote 
Industries Limited to support the construction and operation of a 2.8 mtpa urea fertiliser plant and 
650,000 barrels per day crude oil refinery in Lagos, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
acting as sole mandated lead arranger for the €577.0 million syndicated debt facility (and 
committing €192.0 million) for Société Ivoirienne de Raffinage, to refinance its historical accrued 
debts and allow it to make investments in its current operations, which has been approved and fully 
disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$100.0 million participation in a U.S.$3.0 billion senior secured corporate term facility to 
Nigeria LNG Limited for the development and construction of a new gas liquefaction train and 
associated facilities, which has been approved but not disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$200.0 million corporate facility for BUA Industries Limited, a member of the BUA Group 
(BUA), to complete its vertically integrated sugar facility in Lafiagi, Kwara State, Nigeria; 
• 
a €90.0 million 7.5-year term loan facility to Société Africaine de Raffinage ("SAR") for several 
strategic projects including but not limited to (i) increasing SAR’s existing refining capacity and 
augmenting the Refinery to process Senegalese crude, (ii) constructing a crude sealine and 
Conventional Buoy Mooring to accommodate Suezmax or Aframax vessels, (iii) constructing a 
white product sealine, (iv) expanding the butane sealine from 4,000 MT to 10,000 MT and (v)

--- Page 152 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 137 - 
70-41079910 
 
connecting the shipping pipelines to the depots following the establishment of the Train Express 
Regional, which has been approved and fully disbursed. The facility has been fully repaid by SAR; 
• 
a U.S.$90.0 million equity, mezzanine and senior debt investment for Société de Raffinage 
Guinéenne, an SPV set up by Brahms Oil Refineries Limited to fund the construction of a 12,000 
bpd crude oil refinery, storage tank farm facilities and ancillary infrastructure in Guinea, which has 
been approved but not yet disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$45.0 million loan to Gemcorp Commodities Trading SA to finance the supply of crude oil 
under a tolling arrangement with Conex Petroleum Refining Company (in Liberia) and fund margin 
call obligations, which has been approved and fully disbursed. The facility was fully repaid; and 
• 
a U.S.$35.0 million senior secured term loan and U.S.$25.0 million trade facility to African 
Industries Group for the construction of a direct reduced iron processing complex, an upstream 
iron ore mine and a captive power plant and to issue letters of credit for the importation of goods 
and equipment, which has been approved but not yet disbursed. 
Power 
The Corporation offers technical advisory and project development expertise to support governments in 
Africa who may lack project development structuring and capital raising expertise in the power sector. The 
Corporation invests across the power value chain, including renewable energy projects. Recent investments 
include: 
• 
a EUR 250.0 million underwriting facility to and acting as mandated lead arranger for the debt 
financing to develop a 300 MW combined cycle gas fired IPP in Cap des Biches, Senegal (the 
Corporation also provided project development financing and structuring support to facilitate the 
commencement of construction); 
• 
the lead equity investment in Cabeolica S.A, an electricity generation company owns, developed 
and operates the 26 MW wind farm domiciled in Cape Verde. The Corporation acquired a 94% 
interest in Cabeolica in 2020 following the dissolution of the joint venture in Anergi Holdings 
Limited. In October 2021, the Corporation sold 44% of its stake in Cabeolica to AP Moller Capital, 
The project entails the construction of 30 wind turbines on four of the nine inhabited islands of the 
mid-Atlantic Archipelago; 
• 
a U.S.$92.3 million equity and project development financing to Cenpower Generation Company 
Limited ("Cenpower"), a 350 MW IPP in Ghana to build a thermal power station as part of a 
U.S.$900.0 million project financing, which will supply the country with approximately 10-15% 
of its power needs upon completion of the project; 
• 
a U.S.$25.0 million loan as part of a U.S.$150.0 million senior unsecured syndicated loan facility 
to Kenya Power and Lighting Company Limited to rehabilitate and expand Kenya's power 
transmission and distribution network by increasing its capacity from 2,000 MW to 5,000 MW by 
the end of 2020; 
• 
providing EUR 50 million financing plus EUR 75 million in interest rate swap to the Nachtigal 
Hydro-electric power project in Cameroon; 
• 
providing EUR 174 million financing package comprising equity and a bridge loan facility to the 
44 MW Singrobo-Ahouaty power project in Cote d'Ivoire;  
• 
providing technical and structuring expertise as well as U.S.$141.0 million in debt and U.S.$7.8 
million in equity financing to various consortia under the Nigeria Power Privatisation Programme. 
The projects include the Kainji Hydro Power Generation Company (1,200 MW), Ughelli Power 
Generation Company (900 MW) and Benin Electricity Distribution Company; 
• 
a U.S.$350.0 million, 80 MW peat-to-power plant in the Gisagara District of Rwanda, one of its 
most remote areas, which reached financial close in March 2017. This is expected to increase 
installed electrical generating capacity in Rwanda by 40% and will utilise Rwanda's significant 
peat reserves. The Corporation, as Mandated Lead Arranger, arranged U.S.$245.0 million in senior

--- Page 153 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 138 - 
70-41079910 
 
debt, contributed U.S.$75.0 million in loans and provided an underwriting commitment of 
U.S.$35.0 million; 
• 
a U.S.$55.0 million facility to Maamba Collieries Limited for the construction of a 300 MW power 
plant in Zambia; 
• 
a U.S.$63.0 million construction bridge financing for a 60 MW wind farm project in Djibouti, 
which has been approved and fully disbursed, together with Great Horn Investment Holdings SAS, 
the 100% subsidiary of Djibouti Ports and Free Zones Authority; 
• 
a U.S.$160.0 million financing to Infinity Energy S.A.E., repurposed from an earlier approval of 
U.S.$160.0 million convertible secured loan notes and a line of credit facility to Infinity Energy, 
consisting of U.S.$125.0 million in convertible loan notes to further develop the Corporation’s 
renewable energy power assets in Africa via acquisitions and organic growth of its existing 
development assets and up to U.S.$35.0 million, via a standby letter of credit, to support the debt 
service reserve accounts of the underlying assets, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$26.7 million senior debt financing for the refinancing of the construction bridge financing 
for the 60 MW wind farm project in Djibouti (Red Sea Power SAS Limited), which has been 
approved but not yet disbursed; and 
• 
a U.S.$298.0 million financing package comprised of equity and equity-like instruments; and 
mezzanine debt financing to Infinity Energy Africa for the acquisition of Lekela Power and for 
growth capital, which has been approved and fully disbursed. 
In 2017, the Corporation established the joint venture Anergi with Harith, via the merger of their power 
generating assets. Harith is a fund manager based in South Africa, managing a U.S.$630.0 million African 
infrastructure fund that has been used to invest in projects across the health, energy, transport, information 
and telecommunications, and water and sanitation sectors. The Corporation transferred its interests in 
Cenpower and Cabeolica S.A. to Anergi in consideration for shares in the company. The Corporation exited 
its investment in Anergi Holdings Limited in 2020 and no longer has an interest in the entity. In return, the 
Corporation obtained a 94% and 31.9% interest in Cabeolica S.A. and Cenpower Generation Company, 
respectively, which are investments initially seeded to Anergi Holdings Limited. In addition, in October 
2021, the Corporation sold 44% of its stake in Cabeolica S.A. to AP Moller Capital. In 2023, Infinity Power, 
an entity in which the Corporation is a key stakeholder, completed the acquisition of Lekela Power, which 
operates 1 GW of wind power projects in South Africa, Egypt and Senegal and has a 1.8 GW project 
pipeline which are in various stages of development. 
Transport and Logistics 
The Corporation's transport and logistics sector strategy seeks a balanced and diversified portfolio of 
greenfield and brownfield projects across all regions and transport modes (maritime, road, aviation and 
rail). The Corporation's activities in transport sector projects since its inception include: 
• 
the acquisition of AP Moller Terminals Mauritania and capital expansion to support the ramp-up 
of operations at its Mauritania port project; 
• 
reaching financial close on a U.S.$120.25 million financial for Mahathi Infra Uganda Limited, 
comprising of U.S.$100.0 million in senior debt and U.S.$20.25 million in equity and shareholder 
loans; 
• 
a €270.0 million financing with other DFIs for the design, construction, operation and maintenance 
of a 2x3 lane, 1.9 km toll bridge and 6.4 km roads (Henri Konan Bedie Bridge) in Côte d'Ivoire, 
which connects Abidjan's residential Riviera district directly with the commercial district of 
Marcory (the Corporation provided an aggregate commitment of €40.0 million, comprising senior 
and junior loan facilities and an equity investment in the project company); 
• 
a U.S.$160.0 million acquisition financing for the Bakwena Toll Road in South Africa (the 
Corporation provided an equity investment of U.S.$20.0 million and remains a shareholder in the 
project);

--- Page 154 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 139 - 
70-41079910 
 
• 
a €250.0 million syndicated bridge financing facility to Port Autonome d'Abidjan for expansion 
works to the Abidjan Port complex in Côte d'Ivoire; 
• 
a provision of U.S.$24.0 million of debt financing to Ethiopian Airlines for the purchase of five 
Boeing 777-260LR passenger jets, which expanded Ethiopian Airlines' capacity on long haul 
routes to and from the rest of Africa; 
• 
a U.S.$30.0 million debt facility for the construction of a state-of-the-art air navigation service 
centre to be built at the Kotoka International Airport in Ghana; 
• 
a U.S.$140.0 million investment in the GSEZ, which was structured as a U.S.$70.0 million equity 
investment for a 10.5% equity stake and a U.S.$70.0 million convertible loan, which automatically 
converted into a 10.5% equity stake upon the achievement of certain milestones, for the 
development of an industrial park, a mineral port, a general cargo terminal and other industry 
enabling infrastructure. The reorganisation of the GSEZ resulted in the creation of three verticals 
addressing separate business niches. These are (i) ARISE Ports and Logistics, a pan-African 
operator of integrated and multimodal ports and logistics ecosystems and infrastructures, including 
the Gabon General Cargo Port, Gabon Mineral Port, which are both operational, and the San Pedro 
Port in Côte d'Ivoire, which is under construction; (ii) ARISE SEZ (IIP) comprised of the Nkok 
Special Economic Zone in Gabon, the Port Gentil Special Economic Zone, Benin Special 
Economic Zone and Togo Special Economic Zone; and (iii) ARISE Infrastructure Services, 
comprised of the Libreville Airport and the new airport under construction in Gabon. The 
Corporation approved an additional €48.0 million investment in ARISE Ports and Logistics, which 
has been fully disbursed, and an additional U.S.$59.0 million into ARISE SEZ (IIP), which has 
been fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$70.0 million acquisition of South African Infrastructure Fund's equity stake in South 
African Toll Road Company Proprietary Limited; 
• 
a U.S.$158.0 million senior debt, subordinated debt and equity investment in Atlantic Terminal 
Services Limited for the expansion of the container and multipurpose terminal at the Takoradi port 
in Ghana, which has been approved but not fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$160.0 million senior secured debt investment in ARISE Mauritania S.A. for the design, 
construction and operation of a new container terminal and oil jetty in Mauritania, which has been 
approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a €130.0 million senior secured debt investment for the multi-country Agency for Aerial 
Navigation Safety in Africa and Madagascar's five-year services and equipment investment plan, 
which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$5.0 million project development loan to further develop an e-customs project involving the 
implementation of bespoke software and hardware solutions to remedy the weaknesses in revenue, 
inefficiency, security and supervision identified by the Nigerian Customs Service as key elements 
impacting revenue collection, which has been approved but not yet disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$150.0 million convertible debt investment to ARISE SEZ (IIP), which has been approved 
and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$60.0 million to Connex Oil and Gas Holdings for the full acquisition of Total’s downstream 
businesses in Liberia and Sierra Leone, Total Liberia and Total Sierra Leone, which has been 
approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a €50.0 million guarantee for a standard bank bridge loan to ARISE Ports and Logistics, to support 
the construction of the Terminal Industriel Polyvalent de San Pedro in Côte d’Ivoire, which has 
been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
an up to U.S.$370.0 million investment in the form of shareholder loans and equity in the ARISE 
Ports and Logistics platform vehicle, which has been approved but not yet disbursed;

--- Page 155 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 140 - 
70-41079910 
 
• 
a U.S.$95.25 million investment in the form of senior debt and equity/shareholder loans in Mahathi 
Infra Uganda Ltd, which has been approved and partially disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$57.0 million investment in the form of senior secured debt to Access LNG GFSU B.V., to 
complete and relocate a floating storage unit, and commence expansion works, which has been 
approved and fully disbursed; and 
• 
a U.S.$125.0 million convertible loan to ARISE Integrated Industrial Platform for the development 
of the new priority SEZs in the DRC, Rwanda, Cote d'Ivoire, Republic of Congo and Chad, which 
has been approved and fully disbursed. 
In 2022, ARISE IIP grew its geographical spread from three to nine countries, by adding new concessions 
in six new IIPs in the DRC (timber processing), the Republic of Congo (timber processing), Rwanda 
(cassava, maize, plantains), Côte d’Ivoire (cashew, cassava, rubber), Chad (meat and agro-processing) and 
Nigeria (cassava and light manufacturing). ARISE IIP’s seed asset, NKOK SEZ in Gabon, recorded a strong 
financial performance with revenue and EBITDA growth of 143% and 70%, respectively. The SEZs in 
Togo and Benin started operations during the year. To develop and fund the business plan, ARISE IIP 
launched a U.S.$500.0 million convertible loan programme anchored by a new investment of U.S.$135.0 
million in the platform to support the execution of these projects starting from 2023. Since 2016, the 
Corporation has invested about U.S.$407.0 million in a variety of investments in ARISE IIP. In August 
2023, the Corporation exited its 35% equity stake in Atlantic Terminal Services Limited, the concessionaire 
responsible for the expansion of Ghana's Takoradi Port. The stake was sold to Yilport Holding, a global 
port operator, enabling the Corporation to de-risk its portfolio and recycle capital.  
Telecommunications and Technology 
Telecommunications infrastructure is important for regional economic development and the Corporation's 
investment portfolio includes investments in telecommunications operators, telecommunications 
infrastructure and shared telecommunications services. Projects undertaken by the Corporation since its 
inception include: 
• 
acting as the lead investor in the MainOne Cable Company, which established a 7,000 kilometre 
fibre optic cable between Portugal, Ghana and Nigeria, with branching units across West Africa 
which enhance West Africa's connectivity to Europe and other parts of the world; 
• 
acting as a participant in the provision of an expansion capital lending facility to Essar Telecom 
Kenya Limited, which enabled the funding of capital investments in infrastructure and working 
capital needs for its expansion in the Kenyan mobile telecommunications market; 
• 
a U.S.$20.0 million loan participation in a U.S.$600.0 million senior syndicated debt facility to 
IHS Nigeria Plc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of IHS Holdings Ltd, Africa's largest 
telecommunications tower company to acquire towers from Etisalat, and to construct Build-to-Suit 
sites for MTN; 
• 
a U.S.$100.0 million cross currency swap with MTN Nigeria Communications Plc for its network 
expansion needs; 
• 
a U.S.$380.0 million senior debt facility to finance the turnaround strategy of Emerging Markets 
Telecoms Services Nigeria Limited (EMTS, trading as 9mobile), a Nigerian mobile 
telecommunications company, which has been approved but not fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$80.0 million senior debt investment with a tenor of 3 years to MTN Nigeria 
Communications Plc, a telecommunications service provider in Nigeria, for expenditure for critical 
equipment in Nigeria and other uses, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$25.0 million investment in favour of Airtel Networks Limited, a mobile 
telecommunications company in Nigeria, as part of an 18-month U.S.$50.0 million revolving credit 
facility coordinated by First Bank UK, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$25.0 million short-term facility to Airtel Networks Ltd, which has been approved but not 
fully disbursed;

--- Page 156 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 141 - 
70-41079910 
 
• 
a U.S.$150.0 million term loan to MTN Nigeria Communications Plc to partially finance the MTN 
Nigeria Communications Plc capital expenditure program and refinance existing foreign currency 
loans and credit lines, which has been approved but not fully disbursed; and 
• 
a U.S.$7.5 million convertible loan note to Lightrock Africa Holdings Ltd, to participate in the 
next funding round of their portfolio company M-KOPA and cover associated transaction costs, 
which has been approved and fully disbursed. 
Product Solutions 
The Corporation considers sovereign lending facilities to provide funding for infrastructure projects, on a 
commercial basis with the government as the obligor. Some of the multi-purpose financings that the 
Corporation has participated in via its Product Solutions unit include: 
• 
a U.S.$85.0 million participation in a U.S.$1.0 billion syndicated facility to the Government of 
Tanzania to finance an approved list of infrastructure projects (mostly road and water) by the 
Tanzanian Parliament in the 2018/2019 fiscal year. This investment has a 90% non-payment 
insurance cover; 
• 
a U.S.$75.0 million participation in a U.S.$1.0 billion syndicated facility to the Government of 
Kenya to refinance existing debt for various infrastructure projects (predominantly roads) across 
Kenya, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a €50.0 million participation in a €187.5 million term loan facility for the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire 
which has been approved and fully disbursed. This investment has a 90% non-payment insurance 
cover; 
• 
a €150.0 million participation in a €364.1 million financing for the Republique of Côte d'Ivoire to 
finance road infrastructure projects, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a €50.0 million loan facility to the Autonomous Road Maintenance Fund of Senegal (Fonds 
d'Entretien Routier Autonome) toward kickstarting the construction and rehabilitation of road 
networks identified under the 2021/2022 budget of Senegal, which has been approved and fully 
disbursed; 
• 
a 15-year €100.0 million facility for the Republic of Senegal acting through the Ministry of 
Economy, Planning and Cooperation of Senegal for a 128MW hydro power plant. Total project 
cost is €500.0 million, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$200.0 million dual tranche commercial term loan facility to the United Republic of Tanzania, 
acting through the Ministry of Finance and Planning, to finance a list of pre-agreed projects 
approved under its 2020/2021 budget, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$150.0 million to the Federal Republic of Nigeria, acting through the Federal Ministry of 
Finance, Budget and National Planning, for the early-stage construction of a U.S.$2.1 billion 
railway project comprising the 284km Kano-to-Maradi Main Line from Nigeria to Niger and the 
93km Kano-to-Dutse Branch Line, which has been approved and fully disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$50.0 million line of credit to Mota-Engil Engenharia e Construçáo África, S.A. for the 
purpose of issuing advance payment and/or performance bond in support of two engineering 
procurement and construction contracts, the New Bugesera International Airport and the Accra-
Tema Motorway and Extensions Project, which has been approved but not yet disbursed; 
• 
a U.S.$250.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility as part of a U.S.$1 billion facility to 
Transnet State Owned Company limited, which has been approved and fully disbursed; and 
• 
a U.S.$50.0 million syndicated trade finance facility to the Republic of Egypt and a €50.0 million 
syndicated trade finance facility to the Republic of Senegal, alongside the International Islamic 
Trade Finance Corporation, a member of the Islamic Development Bank Group.

--- Page 157 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 142 - 
70-41079910 
 
Lending 
Loan Policies 
The Corporation provides loans for the purposes of infrastructure project financing, asset backed finance, 
structured trade finance and corporate lending, in accordance with the Corporation's credit risk management 
policy ("CRMP"). The CRMP describes the Corporation's investment approval policy, risk appetite and 
establishes infrastructure sector limits. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation has established sectoral limits 
in natural resources (35% of total investable funds, defined as shareholders' funds plus long-term 
borrowings), power (35%), transport (35%), heavy industry and telecommunications (35%) and others 
(10%) as well as country limits, debt single obligor limits (35% of the sector limit) and equity single obligor 
limits (33% of the debt single obligor limit), as well as approval limits for borrowers who are independently 
risk rated by the core financing requirement of a project. The balance of funding typically comes from loans 
made by other banks or financial institutions in the lending consortia, together with the portion of the 
financial risks borne directly by the borrower's shareholders. 
The Corporation typically lends on a secured basis. As at 30 June 2024, 90% of its project finance loans 
and 83% of its trade finance loans were secured. The type of security and security structure depends on the 
loan product. The security requirements for each loan product are detailed in the Corporation's investment 
manual, which is approved by the BRIC. The Corporation requires that the borrower provides adequate 
security, such as a first mortgage on land and buildings including the project site, but other forms of security 
without prior claim may also be accepted. 
Since the establishment of the Corporation in 2007, it has expanded its investments across the African 
continent, with cumulative disbursements totalling U.S.$14.4 billion in 36 countries, across the continent, 
from Cape Verde in the West to Kenya in the East and South Africa in the South, as at 30 June 2024. As at 
30 June 2024, the undrawn but committed loan balances to customers amounted to U.S.$483.9 million and 
outstanding loan balances were U.S.$5.9 billion, including accrued interest and fees of U.S.$101.1 million. 
The Corporation's sovereign lending business stood at U.S.$659.4 as at 30 June 2024 and U.S.$669.8 
million as at 31 December 2023. The sovereign lending business complements the Corporation's investment 
activities, which have historically been focused on supporting private sector-led projects and obligors, by 
offering debt solutions to governments, quasi-government entities and corporates across each of the 
Corporation's core sectors. In 2023, the Corporation built on the early successes achieved by the sovereign 
lending program. The Corporation continues to see the sovereign lending program as an avenue to 
supporting governments in their ambitions to ramp up infrastructure spending as the public sector remains 
responsible for 95% of all investment in infrastructure. In turn, this program helps the Corporation to build 
deeper relationships and partnerships with African governments. Specifically for Member Countries, the 
Corporation aims to provide: (i) bridging facilities to shorten the development cycle of infrastructure 
projects; and (ii) longer dated instruments that better match the useful life of the infrastructure assets and 
contribute towards improving debt sustainability. 
Loan Terms 
The Corporation typically offers loans on a floating rate basis. However fixed rate loans may also be 
considered in instances where the borrower expresses a strong preference for a fixed-rate loan. See "Risk 
Management—Market Risk—Interest Rate Risk" for more information on the Corporation's exposure to 
interest rate risks. With regards to the tenor of loans, the Corporation endeavours to maintain an appropriate 
mix in its portfolio. As at 30 June 2024, trade finance-related loans had an average tenor of two years, while 
project finance loans had an average tenor of six years. As at 31 December 2023, trade finance-related loans 
had an average tenor of two years, while project finance loans had an average tenor of six years. Other 
terms such as grace periods and principal amortisation are decided on a case by case basis.

--- Page 158 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 143 - 
70-41079910 
 
Loans by Sector 
The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the total amounts of outstanding 
loans made by the Corporation by industry of the borrowers: 
 
 
As at 30 June 
2024 
As at 30 December 
2023 
 
 
 
Number 
 
Percentage 
of total 
loans (%) 
Value 
(U.S.$'000) 
Percentage of 
total loans 
(%) 
Value 
(U.S.$'000) 
Sector 
 
 
 
 
 
Natural Resources: 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil and gas (upstream) ...........................................  
11 
9.1 
510,351 
11 
550,215 
Oil and gas (downstream) and mining ...................  
10 
6.2 
372,804 
9 
205,853 
Financial Institutions(1) ..............................................  
11 
25.9 
1,540,638 
36 
1,880,675 
Heavy Industry and Telecommunications .................  
15 
17.9 
1,065,676 
13 
830,412 
Power ........................................................................  
14 
13.5 
836,313 
13 
796,908 
Transport ...................................................................  
11 
16.4 
974,490 
12 
1,034,364 
Others(2) .....................................................................  
7 
11.1 
659,427 
8 
669,782 
Total .........................................................................  
79 
100 
5,959,700 
102 
5,968,209 
 _______________  
(1) Includes inter-bank (short-term) money market placements that are not a part of the Corporation's core investment assets. 
(2) Includes sovereign and commodity finance. 
 
Loans by Geography 
The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2024, the total amounts of outstanding loans made by the 
Corporation by country: 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
Number 
Value 
(U.S.$'000) 
Percentage of 
total loans (%) 
Country 
 
 
 
Angola ......................................... 
3 
185,961 
3 
Botswana ..................................... 
1 
37,800 
1 
Cameroon .................................... 
2 
82,053 
1 
Chad ............................................ 
1 
28,683 
0 
Côte d'Ivoire ................................ 
3 
334,758 
6 
DRC ............................................ 
4 
177,245 
3 
Egypt ........................................... 
7 
472,249 
8 
France.......................................... 
2 
152,867 
3 
Gabon .......................................... 
1 
125,416 
2 
Ghana .......................................... 
4 
172,895 
3 
Guinea-Conakry .......................... 
5 
105,559 
2 
Japan ........................................... 
3 
190,067 
3 
Kenya .......................................... 
1 
7,774 
0 
Liberia ......................................... 
1 
41,379 
1 
Mauritania ................................... 
1 
176,208 
3 
Mauritius ..................................... 
1 
1,686 
0 
Mozambique ............................... 
1 
44,722 
1 
Nigeria ........................................ 
33 
1,725,042 
29 
Republic of Congo ...................... 
1 
13,621 
0 
Rwanda ....................................... 
1 
144,009 
2 
Senegal ........................................ 
4 
476,375 
8 
Sierra Leone ................................ 
1 
63,277 
1 
South Africa ................................ 
2 
190,212 
3 
Tanzania ...................................... 
1 
58,302 
1 
Togo ............................................ 
3 
332,615 
6 
Tunisia ........................................ 
1 
47,419 
1 
Uganda ........................................ 
1 
5,000,000 
0 
United Arab Emirates .................. 
1 
50,236 
1 
United Kingdom .......................... 
4 
198,600 
3 
United States of America ............ 
2 
73,428 
1 
Germany ...................................... 
1 
50,003 
1 
Various(1) ..................................... 
5 
194,237 
3 
Total ........................................... 
102 
5,959,700 
100

--- Page 159 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 144 - 
70-41079910 
 
 _______________  
(1) Includes loans made to three investment companies with operations that are spread across a number of different countries. 
Loans by Product 
The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2024, the total amounts of outstanding loans made by the 
Corporation by product: 
 
As at June 30 2024 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Percentage 
of total loans 
(%) 
Project finance............................................................  
4,042,531 
67.8 
Trade finance..............................................................  
1,029,854 
17.3 
Placements with banks ...............................................  
887,314 
14.9 
Total ..........................................................................  
5,959,700 
100.0 
 
Maturity profile 
The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2024, the maturity profile of the Corporation's loan portfolio: 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Percentage of 
total loans (%) 
Within one month .......................................................  
1,372,921 
23.0 
1 – 3 months ...............................................................  
143,539 
2.4 
3 – 6 months ...............................................................  
237,903 
4.0 
6 – 12 months .............................................................  
314,148 
5.3 
1 – 2 years ..................................................................  
303,925 
5.1 
2 – 5 years ..................................................................  
1,660,107 
27.9 
Above 5 years.............................................................  
1,927,157 
32.3 
Total ..........................................................................  
5,959,700 
100.0 
 
Outstanding Portfolio Collateral 
The Corporation holds collateral and other credit enhancements against certain of its credit exposures. 
Security includes various types of collateral, which depends on the loan product. The table below sets forth, 
as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the principal types of collateral held against different types of 
financial assets and the percentage of the portfolio that is subject to collateral requirements. 
Type of credit exposure 
As at 30 June 
2024 
As at 31 
December 2023 
Principal type of collateral held 
 
(%) 
 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
Project Finance ....................................  
90 
95 
Charge on securities/company assets 
Trade Finance ......................................  
83 
80 
Charge on commodities financed 
Hybrid instruments ..................................  
- 
- 
Charge on company assets/insurance 
Investment debt securities .......................  
67 
71 
Portfolio insurance 
 
Investments 
In line with its strategy to expand its geographical presence and products, the Corporation seeks to maintain 
a flexible balance in its investment portfolio with a debt to equity ratio of 3:1, by diversifying its funding 
sources. 
Debt Securities Portfolio 
The Corporation invests in debt securities as part of its treasury management function. Its debt securities 
portfolio consists predominantly of bonds issued by African sovereigns and African corporate issuers, such 
as high yield bonds and credit-linked notes denominated in U.S. dollars. Most of the Corporation's debt 
securities portfolio consists of bonds by African corporate issuers that are in the financial institutions sector. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation held U.S.$4.2 billion in debt securities, including pledged asset, of 
which U.S.$723.1 million were corporate securities and U.S.$3.5 billion were sovereign securities. As at 
31 December 2023, the Corporation held U.S.$4.3 billion in debt securities, including pledged assets, of 
which U.S.$733.6 million were corporate securities and U.S.$3.5 billion were sovereign securities. The

--- Page 160 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 145 - 
70-41079910 
 
Corporation invests in debt securities in order to further diversify its asset portfolio and thereby stabilise 
earnings. 
Equity Portfolio 
The Corporation's equity investments are managed with a view to profiting from the receipt of dividends 
and changes in the fair value of such investments. The Corporation's equity business strategy is built around 
using its local and industry knowledge and investment structuring capabilities to select attractively priced 
assets for investment, building these businesses and working to optimise their operations in partnership 
with an experienced management team, and maximising value through timely and well executed exit 
strategies. 
The majority of the Corporation's equity investments are unlisted and therefore, their market value is not 
easily determined. The Corporation has an established valuation framework in place to measure fair values. 
There is a valuation committee that is responsible for ensuring that the overall valuation process reflects 
the principles of independence, integrity, transparency and diligence. The valuation committee consists of 
the Chief Risk Officer as the chairman, the Chief Financial Officer as the alternate chairman, the Financial 
Controller, portfolio manager, market risk manager and a nominee of the Chief Executive Officer. All 
valuations are independently reviewed by the Corporation's product control function and presented to the 
valuation committee for deliberation and endorsement. Where the fair valuation adjustment of an 
investment is considered material, the valuation is subject to further independent review by external 
valuation consultants. The Corporation's fair valuation adjustments for its unlisted equity investments are 
approved by the Board of Directors through the BACC and the BRIC. 
The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the total amount of the 
Corporation's equity investments made by sector. 
 
As at 30 June 
2024 
As at 31 
December 
2023 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Financial ................................................................................................................. 
34,712 
34,712 
Transport ................................................................................................................ 
859,187 
874,323 
Power ..................................................................................................................... 
68,536 
68,536 
Telecoms ................................................................................................................ 
 
 
Natural Resources 
 
 
Oil and gas ................................................................................................................ 
196,241 
181,405 
Mining ...................................................................................................................... 
345,566 
333,837 
Heavy Industry ....................................................................................................... 
1,000 
1,000 
Total ...................................................................................................................... 
1,505,243 
1,493,912 
 
The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2024 and as at 31 December 2023, the total amount of equity 
investments made by the Corporation by country. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
Number 
Value  
(U.S.$'000) 
Number 
Value  
(U.S.$'000) 
Country 
 
 
 
 
Cape Verde.................................. 
1 
15,722 
1 
15,722 
Côte d'Ivoire ................................ 
2 
101,513 
2 
101,513 
Djibouti ....................................... 
2 
6,300 
2 
6,300 
Egypt ........................................... 
1 
401 
1 
400 
Eritrea.......................................... 
1 
17,516 
1 
3,785 
Gabon .......................................... 
2 
335,224 
2 
338,071 
Ghana .......................................... 
2 
211,759 
2 
196,923 
Guinea-Conakry .......................... 
2 
983 
2 
983 
Mauritania ................................... 
1 
13,321 
1 
13,321 
Mozambique ............................... 
2 
4,073 
2 
4,073 
Nigeria ........................................ 
6 
55,948 
6 
55,721 
South Africa ................................ 
1 
25,285 
1 
25,285 
Various ........................................ 
2 
717,193 
2 
731,816 
 
26 
1,505,243 
26 
1,493,913 
 
As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Corporation's equity portfolio included equity investments 
valued through profit or loss of U.S.$1,275.8 million and U.S.$1,272.0 million, respectively. This includes

--- Page 161 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 146 - 
70-41079910 
 
investments in: (i) Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott, 30-year concession by the Mauritania to design, 
build, finance and operate a new container terminal with an initial capacity of 250,000 twenty-foot 
equivalent units ("TEUs") and to develop an oil jetty able to accommodate oil & gas vessels with capacity 
of 50,000 DWT; (ii) ARISE Infrastructure Services, comprised of the Libreville Airport and the new airport 
under construction in Gabon; (iii) ARISE Ports and Logistics Limited, a pan-African operator of integrated 
and multimodal ports and logistics ecosystems and infrastructures, including the Gabon General Cargo 
Port, Gabon Mineral Port, which are both operational, and the San Pedro Port in Côte d'Ivoire, which is 
under construction; (iv) ARISE SEZ (IIP), comprised of the Nkok Special Economic Zone in Gabon, the 
Port Gentil Special Economic Zone, Benin Special Economic Zone and Togo Special Economic Zone; (v) 
South African Toll Road Company (Proprietary) Ltd, a SPV set up to hold a stake in the Bakwena Platinum 
Corridor Concessionaire Proprietary Limited, a project consisting of two highways in South Africa, a 95 
kilometre section running from Pretoria northwards and a 290 kilometre section running from Pretoria 
westwards to the Botswana border; (vi) Cabeolica S.A., an electricity generation company that developed, 
owns and operates a 26 MW wind farm domiciled in Cape Verde; (vii) Cenpower Generation Company, 
along with Cenpower Operations Company, a SPV created to develop the Cenpower Kpone IPP in Ghana; 
(viii) Cenpower Operations Company; (ix) Danakali Limited, a potash company focused on the 
development of the Colluli Sulphate of Potash Project, a joint venture between Danakali and the Eritrean 
National Mining Corporation; (x) Djibouti Wind Company Limited, the general partner of the Djibouti 
Wind Limited Partnership; (xi) Djibouti Wind Limited Partnership, a SPV to construct and operate a 60 
MW windfarm in the Ghoubet area in Djibouti; (xii) Inﬁnity Energy Africa Investments Limited, the lead 
investor in Inﬁnity Power Holding, an energy company which owns 235 MW solar assets in Egypt and has 
signed a sales and purchase agreement for acquiring the majority stake in 1,022 MW of operating wind 
assets located in Egypt, South Africa and Senegal; (xiii) Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company Limited, 
a commercial institution established to provide guarantees to enhance the credit quality of local currency 
debt instruments issued to finance eligible infrastructure projects in Nigeria; (xiv) International Gulf Mining 
Limited, a mining and exploration company established in the Boke district of north-western Guinea-
Conakry; (xv) Ncondezi Energy Limited, a power development company with an integrated 300 MW 
thermal coal power plant and mine project located in Tete Province, Mozambique; (xvi) Nouvelle Gabon 
Mining SA, a company that holds the rights to two producing manganese mine assets in Gabon expected 
to have a combined nameplate production capacity of 2.4 million tons per annum; (xvii) Ivoire Hydro 
Energie S.A., a 44 MW hydroelectric power plant development in Côte d'Ivoire; (xviii) Société 
Concessionaire du Pont Riviera-Marcory, a concessionaire company responsible for the operation and 
management of the Henri Konan Bedie Bridge in Côte d'Ivoire; and (xix) Vigeo Power Limited, a power 
distribution company in south-west Nigeria. The following table sets forth as at 30 June 2024 and 31 
December 2023, the fair value through profit or loss of the Corporation's equity securities. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Percentage 
Shareholding 
(%) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Percentage 
Shareholding 
(%) 
Fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL") 
 
 
 
 
Arise Infrastructure Services .................................  
27,901 
34 
27,387 
34 
Arise Ports and Logistics Limited .........................  
205,296 
25 
203,333 
25 
Arise Integrated Industrial Platforms .....................  
526,519 
72 
513,860 
72 
Cabeolica S.A........................................................  
15,722 
50 
15,722 
50 
Cenpower Generation Company ...........................  
15,444 
32 
15,444 
32 
Cenpower Operations Company ............................  
74 
25 
74 
25 
Danakali Limited ...................................................  
3,785 
14 
17,516 
14 
Djibouti Wind Company Limited ..........................  
63 
57 
63 
57 
Djibouti Wind Limited Partnership .......................  
6,237 
57 
6,237 
57 
Inﬁnity Energy Africa Investments Limited ..........  
400 
49 
400 
49 
Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company Limited  
34,702 
30 
34,702 
30 
International Gulf Mining Limited ........................  
222 
43 
222 
43 
Ncondezi ...............................................................  
10 
23 
10 
23 
Nouvelle Gabon Mining SA ..................................  
310,170 
43 
307,840 
43 
Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A. .....................................  
29,575 
51 
29,575 
51 
Société Concessionaire du Pont Riviera-Marcory.  
71,938 
26 
71,938 
26 
Vigeo Power Limited ............................................  
1,010 
20 
1,010 
20 
South African Toll Road Company (Proprietary) Ltd 
13,365 
29 
13,365 
29 
Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott 
13,321 
50 
13,321 
50 
Total .....................................................................  
1,275,756 
 
1,272,022

--- Page 162 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 147 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
The Corporation also has equity investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2024 and as at 31 December 2023, the fair value through other 
comprehensive income of the Corporation's equity securities.  
 
As at 30 June 2024 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Percentage 
Shareholding 
(%) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Percentage 
Shareholding 
(%) 
FVOCI 
 
 
 
 
Capital Alliance Property Investment Company, 
L.P. ......................................................................  
10 
13 
10 
13 
Notore Chemical Industries Plc ...............................  
1,000 
5 
1,000 
5 
Trans African Concession Proprietary Limited. ......  
11,919 
6 
11,919 
6 
Alufer Mining Limited* ..........................................  
761 
11 
761 
11 
Thor Explorations Limited ......................................  
18,998 
17 
19,226 
17 
Mahathi Infra Services  Limited ..............................  
4,064 
27 
4,064 
27 
Total .......................................................................  
36,752 
 
36,980 
 
 _______________  
* 
The Corporation holds preference shares in Alufer Mining Limited 
The following table sets forth, as at 30 June 2024, the movement in equity securities from 31 December 
2023. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
At beginning of the period. ......................................................................................................................  
36,980 
Additions/Disposals ...................................................................................................................................  
- 
Net loss on fair valuation through other comprehensive income ................................................................  
(228) 
Foreign exchange gain ...............................................................................................................................  
- 
Total ..........................................................................................................................................................  
36,752 
 
Sources of Funds 
The Corporation's sources of funds consist of its capital, borrowings from other multilateral and bilateral 
development financial institutions, global and regional banks, debt issuances in the international capital 
markets and internally generated funds such as loan repayments from borrowers. The Corporation does not 
accept deposits. The Corporation's borrowing plan aims to ensure that the Corporation raises adequate debt 
funding to support its investment portfolio operations while achieving cost-efficient and effective 
borrowing. 
In April 2015, the Corporation established the Programme and it issues medium term notes to investors 
under this Programme. Each of these notes has been repaid as it matured. As at 30 June 2024, the 
Corporation has 12 issuances under the Programme that are outstanding to investors in the aggregate 
amount of U.S.$3.0 billion, 7 of which are privately placed medium term notes issued in 2019, 2020 and 
2021. On 15 April 2019, the Corporation issued a seven-year U.S.$650.0 million bond under the 
Programme which was admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. On 21 October 
2019, the Corporation issued a ten-year U.S.$500.0 million bond under the Programme which was admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. On 12 June 2020, the Corporation issued a five-year 
U.S.$700.0 million bond under the Programme which was admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. In September 2020, the Corporation issued its CHF150.0 million inaugural green bond 
in accordance with its Green Bond Framework (which was created in accordance with the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles and taking into consideration the EU Taxonomy for sustainable activities), which was 
admitted to trading on the Swiss Stock Exchange. In 2020, the Corporation also issued bonds totalling EUR 
35.0 million, EUR 15.0 million and EUR 15.0 million, respectively. On 22 April 2021, the Corporation 
issued a seven-year U.S.$750.0 million Eurobond. In 2021, the Corporation also issued bonds totalling 
U.S.$50.0 million, U.S.$50.0 million, EUR 40.0 million and EUR 15.0 million, respectively. 
In addition to the issue of Notes under this Programme, the Corporation is also party to several loan facilities 
which it uses as a source of funding in the ordinary course of business in line with its funding strategy 
described above.

--- Page 163 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 148 - 
70-41079910 
 
In February 2016, the Corporation entered into a U.S.$150.0 million 15-year term loan facility with KfW 
Development Bank that has enhanced the Corporation's ability to fund longer tenor infrastructure projects. 
The Corporation also entered into a U.S.$30.0 million seven-year line of credit with Oesterreichische 
Entwicklungsbank AG (Development Bank of Austria) in 2022 and a U.S.$170.0 million term facility 
agreement with Deutshe Investititions- und Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH, FMO and Société de 
Promotion et de Participation pour la cooperation economique S.A. ("PROPARCO") in 2021. In 2017, the 
Corporation entered into a €100.0 million 20-year term loan facility with AFD, that will only be drawn 
down for climate change related finance projects. In 2018, the Corporation entered into a U.S.$300.0 
million five-year loan facility financed by the Import-Export Bank of China. The facility comprised a 
U.S.$200.0 million five-year term loan facility and a U.S.$100.0 million standby facility which provides 
contingent funding for the Corporation. In 2018, the Corporation also entered into a U.S.$300.0 million 
international club loan facility with, among others, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., First Abu 
Dhabi Bank PJSC and ICBC (London) Plc. The Corporation entered into another U.S.$250.0 million three-
year syndicated term loan facility in 2018 with ICBC (London) Plc, MUFG Bank, Ltd. and First Abu Dhabi 
Bank PJSC as Mandated Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners. 
On 14 November 2019, the Corporation signed a term loan facility with Shinhan Bank London Branch and 
Nedbank Limited, London Branch as Bookrunner and Mandated Lead Arranger, Hana Bank as Mandated 
Lead Arranger, Nonghyup Bank as Lead Arranger and First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC as Agent. The loan 
facility is the Corporation's first Korean focused instrument and raised U.S.$140.0 million. Proceeds from 
the facility have been and will be used for general corporate purposes in accordance with the Corporation's 
Establishment Agreement and the Charter. In December 2020, the Corporation signed a U.S.$250.0 million 
Tier 2 loan with the United States International Development Finance Corporation, which qualifies as Tier 
2 capital according to Basel II guidelines and supports the Corporation's strategic growth objectives. In 
June 2021, the Corporation secured a three-year EUR 100.0 million term loan facility from KFW IMPEX-
Bank GmbH. In June 2021, the Corporation received a U.S.$100.0 million credit line from the Export-
Import Bank of India ("India Exim Bank") to help develop the critical infrastructure required to rebuild 
Africa’s economies in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, in December 2021, the 
Corporation entered into a U.S.$400.0 million syndicated loan facility with Absa Bank Limited (acting 
through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division), Bank of China Limited, London Branch, and First 
Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, among others, to support the post-pandemic recovery through critical development 
of infrastructure in Africa.  
In August 2022, the Italian development finance institution Cassa Depositi e Prestiti SpA ("CDP") signed 
a 10-year EUR 100.0 million loan with the Corporation to facilitate investments in renewable power, energy 
efficient projects and climate-resilient infrastructure, which was subsequently amended and restated in 
November 2022 and December 2023. In October 2022, the Corporation signed a three-year U.S.$419 
million dual currency Samurai term loan facility, split into U.S.$412.0 million and JPY1 billion. This was 
the Corporation's second foray into the Japanese capital markets, following an inaugural dual-currency 
Samurai term loan facility in September 2019, through which the Corporation raised U.S.$233.0 million 
and JPY1 billion. Furthermore, in December 2022, the Corporation signed a U.S.$160.0 million Kimchi 
term loan facility with Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Shinhan Bank as bookrunners and mandate lead arrangers. 
This followed the execution of the Corporation’s inaugural U.S.$140.0 million Kimchi loan facility in 2019 
which matured in 2022. Both facilities carry a tenor of three years each. Proceeds from these facilities have 
been and will be used for general corporate purposes in accordance with the Corporation's Establishment 
Agreement and the Charter. In October 2022, the Corporation signed a five-year U.S.$100.0 million loan 
facility with the Korea Development Bank to support the Corporation's mid-term liquidity followed by a 
successful execution of a U.S.$750.0 million dual currency 2-year club bridge loan facility in December 
2022. The Corporation also signed a U.S.$50.0 million term loan agreement with the OPEC Fund for 
International Development in December 2022, which follows an initial U.S.$50.0 million loan it provided 
to the Corporation in January 2021. 
In January 2023, the Corporation signed a EUR 150.0 million 10-year loan facility with European 
development finance institutions, Deutsche Investitions-und Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (DEG) and 
PROPARCO. In February 2023, the OPEC Fund for International Development (the "OPEC Fund") 
signed a 10-year U.S.$50.0 million loan agreement to be used to improve connectivity, transport, logistics, 
trade and to boost access to energy across Africa. The loan doubles the OPEC Fund’s commitment to the 
Corporation following an initial U.S.$50.0 million 10-year loan provided in January 2021 and builds on 
collaboration initiated through a cooperation agreement in 2017. In March 2023, the Corporation entered 
into a U.S.$100.0 million loan facility from the China Export and Import Bank ("CEXIM") aimed at 
bolstering trade finance and supporting private sector projects. The Corporation also secured a U.S.$300.0

--- Page 164 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 149 - 
70-41079910 
 
million loan facility from CEXIM in September 2023 to refinance the 2018 U.S.$300.0 million five-year 
facility which matured. In May 2023, the Corporation secured a U.S.$625.0 million syndicated loan, with 
Gulf Bank, National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah, China CITIC Bank Corporation, Qatar National Bank, Doha 
Bank, The Gunma Bank Limited and Industrial Bank of Korea Limited joining the syndicate as first-time 
lenders.  
In April 2023, the Corporation entered into a U.S.$750.0 million term loan facility with First Abu Dhabi 
Bank PJSC, FirstRand Bank Limited (London Branch), acting through its Rand Merchant Bank division, 
ICBC (London) plc, Mashreqbank PSC, MUFG Bank, Ltd., Standard Chartered Bank and SMBC Bank 
International plc to be applied towards its general corporate purposes. In December 2023, the Corporation 
secured a U.S.$350.0 million long-term line of credit from the African Development Bank for on-lending 
to support infrastructure projects in Africa, which replaced the U.S.$200.0 million AfDB line of credit that 
was repaid by the Corporation in August 2022. In 2023, the Corporation also secured a EUR 50.0 million 
facility from CDP, which follows the EUR 10.0 million facility provided by CDP to the Corporation in 
2022.  
In March 2024, the Corporation entered into a three-year U.S.$877.8 million and EUR 112.9 million 
facilities agreement with Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC, Emirates NBD Capital Limited, First Abu 
Dhabi Bank PJSC, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, London Branch, Mashreqbank PSC, 
MUFG Bank, SMBC Bank International plc and Standard Chartered Bank, among others, to be deployed 
towards the Corporation's general corporate purposes, including infrastructure investments in Africa. In 
July 2024, the Corporation secured a three and half years U.S.$50.0 million line of credit from the AfDB 
for on-lending to eligible beneficiaries to support the expansion of the Corporation's trade finance 
operations in Africa. In July 2024, the Corporation entered into a U.S.$200.0 million term loan facility 
agreement with Bank of Africa United Kingdom Plc as mandated lead arranger and Mashreqbank PSC as 
agent to be utilised towards its general corporate purposes. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation had no undrawn lines of credit. The Corporation has approximately 
U.S.$681.2 million of maturing debt obligations in 2024. The Corporation's 2024 funding plan is driven 
mainly by the need to refinance maturing obligations and build liquidity buffers to support balance sheet 
growth. 
Management believes that the Corporation's high level of capitalisation and its large liquid assets portfolio 
as at 30 June 2024, which includes U.S.$865.1 million in money market placements and U.S.$2.0 billion 
invested in U.S. treasury bills, will help the Corporation to address the challenging environment posed by 
ongoing global geopolitical and economic challenges due to rising inflation, interest rates and energy prices, 
the war in Ukraine, supply chain disruptions and the ongoing recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The following table shows the Corporation's sources of funding as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, 
2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Total equity .......................................................................  
3,616,616 
3,420,692 
2,699,436 
2,238,763 
Borrowings ........................................................................  
8,017,439 
8,324,483 
7,568,205 
6,186,020 
Total capitalisation ..........................................................  
11,634,056 
11,745,175 
10,267,641 
8,424,783 
 
The following table shows the maturity of the Corporation's borrowings as at 30 June 2024 and 31 
December 2023. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Short term borrowings (less than 1 year) ............................ 
1,155,709 
1,069,692 
886,630 
645,317 
Medium term borrowings (within 1 and 3 years) ............... 
3,764,568 
4,227,084 
3,502,550 
1,835,340 
Long-term borrowings (over 3 years) ................................. 
3,097,162 
3,027,707 
3,179,025 
3,705,363 
Total borrowings .............................................................. 
8,017,439 
8,324,483 
7,568,205 
6,186,020

--- Page 165 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 150 - 
70-41079910 
 
Capital Adequacy 
The capital and reserves of the Corporation are U.S.$3.6 billion against total assets of U.S.$12.2 billion as 
at 30 June 2024. The capital and reserves of the Corporation are U.S.$3.4 billion against total assets of 
U.S.$12.3 billion as at 31 December 2023. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's capital comprised Tier 1 
(97%) and Tier 2 (3%) as shown below (as at 31 December 2023, the Corporation's capital comprised Tier 
1 (91%) and Tier 2 (9%)): 
• 
Tier 1: Comprised share capital, retained earnings and reserves created by appropriations of 
retained earnings. 
• 
Tier 2: Comprised unrealised gains arising on the fair valuation of equity instruments held as fair 
value through other comprehensive income and collective impairment allowance on loans. 
The Corporation has no externally imposed capital requirements but has complied with its own internal 
capital adequacy requirements since its formation. 
Capital adequacy is monitored regularly by the Corporation's Finance and Treasury Division and Risk 
Management, who employ techniques in line with international standards (Basel II). The Board of Directors 
requires the Corporation to maintain a prudential capital adequacy ratio, which is defined by the 
Corporation as total risk capital to the risk-weighted asset at a minimum of 30%. To allow for a proactive 
management of any issue with its capital position, the Corporation has further defined an internal trigger at 
40% that would necessitate the activation of a remedial action. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Corporation has not deviated from this guidance. As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's Basel II ratio was 
34.7%, while as at 31 December 2023, the Corporation's Basel II ratio was 34.5%. While the Corporation 
is currently well-capitalised, it expects its capital adequacy to trend downwards over the next few years as 
it grows its risk asset portfolio. However, the Corporation will continue to be guided by the Board of 
Directors approved prudential capital adequacy ratio limit of above 30%. 
The Corporation is currently assessing the impact that Basel III will have on its operations and has already 
incorporated certain of the Basel III standards, and is looking to adopt the complete Basel III standards at 
a date still to be determined. 
The table below summarises the composition of capital and the Basel ratios of the Corporation as at 30 June 
2024 and 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Tier 1 Capital: 
 
 
 
 
Share capital ........................................................................... 
1,551,716 
1,537,719 
1,290,527 
1,171,176 
Share premium ....................................................................... 
438,556 
423,675 
184,018 
66,432 
Share warrants ........................................................................ 
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
Retained earnings ................................................................... 
1,453,591 
1,286,318 
1,049,190 
824,808 
Total qualifying Tier 1 capital ..........................................  
3,643,863 
3,447,712 
2,723,735 
2,262,416 
Tier 2 Capital: 
 
 
 
 
Net fair valuation gain on FVOCI/available for sale assets .... 
(27,247) 
(27,020) 
(24,299) 
(23,653) 
Impairment allowance ............................................................ 
144,473 
137,850 
111,556 
96,185 
Borrowings ............................................................................. 
250,000 
250,000 
250,000 
250,000 
Total qualifying capital ........................................................ 
4,011,089 
3,808,542 
3,060,992 
2,584,948 
Risk weighted assets: 
 
 
 
 
On-balance sheet .................................................................... 
10,526,164 
9,669,734 
8,487,607 
7,616,012 
Off-balance sheet ................................................................... 
1,034,648 
1,358,287 
436,881 
169,484 
Total risk-weighted assets .................................................... 
11,560,812 
11,028,021 
8,924,488 
7,785,496 
Basel ratio (%) ...................................................................... 
34.7% 
34.5% 
34.3% 
33.2% 
 
Environmental and Social Risk Management 
The Corporation is committed to identifying, managing and monitoring environmental and social risk in all 
areas of its business activities and believes that the three pillars of sustainable economic growth, 
environmental stewardship and social inclusion are intertwined and critical to its success. It recognises that 
the failure to identify and manage environmental and social risks can represent a serious threat to its

--- Page 166 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 151 - 
70-41079910 
 
reputation and business. The Corporation adheres to international standards and best practices in the 
assessment and management of environmental and social risks, by incorporating standards developed and 
followed by other similar international institutions, into its Corporation's investment appraisal and decision 
making process through the Corporation's Environmental and Social Risk Management Policy 
("Environmental and Social Risk Management Policy"). The Environmental and Social Risk 
Management Policy is based on the Equator Principles, the International Finance Corporation's 
Performance Standards on Social and Environmental Sustainability, the World Bank's Environmental, 
Health and Safety Guidelines, the African Development Bank Integrated Safeguards System and the Green 
Climate Fund Revised Environmental and Social Policy. The Corporation believes that adherence to its 
Environmental and Social Risk Management Policy provides significant benefits to the Corporation, its 
clients and all stakeholders and will minimise the risk of damage to its reputation and business. 
Adherence to the Corporation's Environmental and Social Risk Management Policy means, among other 
things, the following: 
• 
when national environmental and social standards in countries where the Corporation invests are 
below the standards set out in its Policy, the Corporation will collaborate with its clients to attain 
such standards; 
• 
the Corporation will not invest or fund activities that feature on the Corporation's list of excluded 
activities; 
• 
environmental and social risk assessment is integrated into the entire investment process, including 
the investment life cycle; 
• 
the Corporation's investments have appropriate structures that provide the requisite oversight in 
the areas of audit, risk management and potential conflicts of interest. The Corporation has a zero 
tolerance to bribery and other improper payments to public officials, in compliance with various 
international laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the OECD Anti-Bribery 
Convention and similar laws in other countries; 
• 
encouraging entities in which it invests to educate their supply chains in managing environmental 
and social risks in accordance with international best practices; and 
• 
the Corporation's investments are categorised into "A" High Risk, "B" Medium Risk and "C" Low 
Risk based on possible adverse environmental and social impacts and whether these impacts are 
site specific, diverse or unprecedented in order to make sure that resources for managing 
environmental and social risks are used efficiently and effectively. See "Risk Management—Credit 
Risk—Credit Quality Analysis". 
The Corporation has developed an Environmental and Social Risk Management Manual that details how 
its Environmental and Social Risk Policy is to be implemented. The Chief Risk Officer has overall 
responsibility for the Corporation's environmental and social risk management. The Corporation provides 
periodic training on environmental and social risk management to its management and staff. It also provides 
periodic investment monitoring reports to management and the Board of Directors, which include updates 
on environmental and social risks. The Environmental and Social Risk Management Policy is reviewed and 
approved annually by the BRIC. 
Environmental and social risk management is an integral part of the investment approval process. See "Risk 
Management—Investment Approval Process". At the beginning of the investment approval process, an 
identification memorandum ("ID Memo") is prepared, where investment proposals are screened against 
the Corporation's exclusion list of investment activities and an environmental and social risk management 
questionnaire is completed, so that the Corporation can determine the environmental and social 
categorisation of the proposed project. If the ID Memo is approved, an Early Investment Memorandum 
("EIM") is prepared, where an assessment of the gaps between the proposed project and the Corporation's 
Environmental and Social Risk Management Policy is undertaken. Any corrective actions necessary in 
order for the proposed project to comply with the Corporation's Environmental and Social Risk 
Management Policy are detailed in the proposed project's Environmental and Social Impact Assessment 
and Environmental and Social Action Plan ("ESAP"). When the Final Investment Memorandum ("FIM") 
is prepared for final approval of the proposed project, the ESAP is integrated into the legal documentation

--- Page 167 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 152 - 
70-41079910 
 
for the project. Environmental and social risk management monitoring continues throughout the lifetime of 
each of the Corporation's projects. 
The Corporation's views on development impact and its development aspirations led to the creation of the 
AFC Development Impact Framework which is aligned with the Corporation's mandate. This framework 
utilises development impact metrics and reporting standards derived from the United Nation's Sustainable 
Goals in order to quantify the Corporation's development impact results. The Corporation has tested the 
framework on 14 projects currently in its portfolio. The Corporation invests alongside other investors and 
therefore the results of its development impact measurement should be understood as directionally correct 
and indicative of the overall level of the Corporation's development impacts in Africa. The Corporation is 
working to broaden and deepen its framework for regular measurement, monitoring and reporting of 
development impact across a broader set of indicators. It has joined a joint impact model working group, 
which is led by the AfDB, the Belgian Investment Company for Developing Countries, the CDC Group, 
the Development Finance Institute Canada Inc., FMO and PROPARCO to work towards the harmonisation 
of development impact reporting methodology for DFIs and multinational development banks. 
Furthermore, the Corporation has developed a sustainability strategy that is premised on the following 
pillars: 
• 
sustainable investing in delivering impactful solutions for Africa, whilst continuously adapting its 
investment impact considerations; 
• 
mainstreaming climate finance thinking in its activities through a dedicated cross-divisional team; 
• 
environmental and social governance in the context of investment and risk management; 
• 
driving thought leadership and conducting research; and 
• 
strengthening strategic partnerships to provide continued access to competitive financing solutions. 
Compliance Procedures 
The Corporation is committed to the highest standards of compliance with global sanctions, anti-money 
laundering ("AML"), combating financing of terrorism ("CFT") and anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
("ABAC") regimes. The Corporation has established governing principles and standards to protect the 
Corporation and its business from being used to evade sanctions, launder money, finance terrorism and the 
making of bribes and inappropriate payments. Compliance with the Corporation's sanctions, AML, CFT 
and ABAC requirements is the responsibility of all its employees. Once suspicious activity is detected, 
employees are expected to take immediate action by reporting the matter to their immediate supervisors 
and the Corporation's Chief Compliance Officer. Employees are required to undergo annual training on the 
Corporation's AML, CFT and ABAC policies and procedures. 
The Corporation's internal audit function also monitors the Corporation's compliance with its sanctions, 
AML, CFT and ABAC policies and the applicable laws. In addition, the Corporation has engaged a third-
party whistle-blowing service, to inform senior management of misconduct, without disclosing the identity 
of the whistle-blower. 
The Corporation monitors each of its investments' compliance with its AML, CFT and ABAC policies 
throughout the lifetime of the investment. 
Sanctions Compliance 
The Corporation complies with any sanctions to the extent that they are applicable to its operations and/or 
specific transactions, including those administered and enforced by the United Nations Security Council 
("UNSC"), the European Union ("EU"), the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of 
the Treasury, His Majesty's Treasury and other relevant internationally recognised sanctions authorities, as 
the same are in force from time to time (collectively, "Sanctions"). As part of its approach to ensuring that 
its activities and business are carried out in compliance with Sanctions and its general commitment to seek 
to observe international best practices, the Corporation has put in place systems, processes and controls, 
which include customer due diligence policies and procedures and "know your customer" ("KYC") checks.

--- Page 168 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 153 - 
70-41079910 
 
AML, CFT and ABAC Policies 
The Corporation examines its AML, CFT and ABAC policies annually, or on a more frequent basis if 
required, to seek to ensure that it maintains an effective compliance framework for the Corporation's 
business, that reflects the best practices for an international financial institution. 
The AML, CFT and ABAC policies establish governing principles and standards to protect the Corporation 
and its business from being used to launder money and finance terrorism. The policies have been prepared 
with regard to the universal principles contained in various global laws and standards governing AML/CFT 
and ABAC, in particular the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 or 
any equivalent sanctions or measures imposed by the UNSC and/or the EU. The Corporation's procedures 
are continuously benchmarked against best practices across major global jurisdictions to ensure that new 
developments and evolutions in regulation and legislation are reflected in its policies as soon as practicable. 
Competition 
The size of Africa's infrastructure deficit means that entities financing the infrastructure sector in Africa 
often co-operate and co-invest rather than compete aggressively. See "—Strengths—Attractive growth 
region with a sizeable and growing infrastructure investment opportunity" above. However, due to the 
numerous challenges involved with operating in Africa, there is a lack of well-structured projects. The 
Corporation is able to find appropriate investment opportunities through its project development services. 
As the Corporation is involved at an early stage in the project's lifecycle, it can put in place the necessary 
requirements to attract appropriate financing. 
Although the Corporation operates in a relatively competitive market for the provision of financing to 
infrastructure projects, it does not view other financial institutions offering financing as direct competition, 
but rather endeavours to work in co-operation with them to provide value to its clients. For example, while 
it may compete with other DFIs for the position of mandated lead arranger, the Corporation and the other 
DFIs usually end up working together to co-finance transactions, irrespective of the entity that won the lead 
mandate. It is the Corporation's policy to co-operate and co-ordinate with other DFIs and government 
agencies and to actively seek out partnerships with international financial institutions and official agencies 
in co-financing opportunities to meet its client needs. Other DFIs include the World Bank Group (including 
the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development), the International Finance Corporation and 
the African Development Bank Group. While these other DFIs invest in infrastructure development in 
Africa, some of them also invest in projects and activities outside Africa and the infrastructure sector (such 
as policy reform). 
Related Party Transactions 
The Corporation's related parties include its shareholders, directors and key management personnel. Loans 
to and investments in related parties are made at market interest rates and subject to arm's-length 
commercial negotiations as to terms. Board members that are related parties to a particular transaction are 
required to excuse themselves from any board or committee discussions that relate to any investment in 
their respective institution. 
The table below sets forth the outstanding related party transactions and related income as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024, and as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at and 
for the six 
months 
ended 30 
June 
As at and for the year ended 31 
December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Loans outstanding as at the end of the year ............. 
222,462 
206,939 
402,804 
287,423  
Placements/investments in debt securities ............... 
144,396 
202,040 
51,781 
285,209 
Cash and bank balances ........................................... 
3,355 
312 
10,195 
1,709 
Interest income earned ............................................ 
37,075 
101.074 
59,615 
48,346 
Cross currency swap................................................ 
1,064,495 
1,520,000 
1,000,000 
1,000,000 
Key management compensation .............................. 
8,943 
12,150 
11,126 
6,294

--- Page 169 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 154 - 
70-41079910 
 
Legal Status, Immunities and Privileges 
The Establishment Agreement sets out the Corporation's legal status and certain immunities, exemptions, 
privileges, facilities and concessions within each Member Country. It also obliges each Member Country 
to take all necessary legislative and executive action to accord the Corporation these immunities, 
exemptions, privileges, facilities and concessions. See "Risk Factors—Risks related to the market 
generally—It may be difficult to effect service of legal process and enforce judgments obtained in Member 
Countries against the Issuer and its officers". As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Establishment 
Agreement has been fully ratified in 28 countries: Nigeria, Guinea-Bissau, Ghana, Gambia, Guinea-
Conakry, Liberia, Côte d’Ivoire, Sierra Leone, Eritrea, Madagascar, Malawi, Mauritius, Rwanda, Togo, 
Senegal, Mali, Niger, DRC, Congo Brazzaville, Chad, Morocco, Cameroon, Egypt, Mauritania, Benin, 
Tunisia, Botswana and Zambia. Other countries, such as Kenya, Namibia, Uganda, Angola, Cape Verde, 
Eswatini and Zimbabwe, are in advanced stages of formal ratification. The Corporation has the full capacity 
to contract, to acquire and dispose of immovable and movable property and to institute legal proceedings. 
The Corporation is headquartered in Lagos, Nigeria, subject to the terms of a headquarters agreement signed 
on 28 May 2007, between the Government of Nigeria and the Corporation (the "Headquarters 
Agreement"). The Government of Nigeria ratified the Headquarters Agreement by an Instrument of 
Ratification on 17 June 2010. On 21 November 2016, the Federal Government of Nigeria enacted the 
Diplomatic Immunities and Privileges (Africa Finance Corporation) order (the "2016 Order"). The 2016 
Order recognises the Corporation as an international organisation and confers on it and select staff members 
immunities, privileges and exemptions which, alongside the Headquarters Agreement and the Corporation's 
constitutive documents, enable the Corporation to carry out its operations without regulatory restrictions. 
The Establishment Agreement, the 2016 Order and the Headquarters Agreement grant the following 
immunities, exemptions, privileges, facilities and concessions to the Corporation: 
• 
immunity from every form of legal action or process, except in respect of the Corporation's 
operations; 
• 
immunity from legal court action with respect to transactions governed by arbitration agreements 
or pending before an arbitral tribunal; 
• 
immunity of the Corporation's property and assets from search, requisition, expropriation, 
confiscation, nationalisation and all other forms of seizure, taking or foreclosure by executive or 
legislative action; 
• 
immunity of the Corporation's property and assets from seizure, attachment or execution before 
the delivery of final judgment or award against the Corporation; 
• 
Member Countries agree, to the extent necessary to implement the purpose of the Corporation, to 
waive and refrain from imposing any administrative, financial or other regulatory restrictions that 
are likely to hinder in any manner the smooth functioning of the Corporation or impair its 
obligations; 
• 
Member Countries also agree that the property, assets, operations and activities of the Corporation 
shall be free from restrictions, regulations, supervision or controls, moratoria and other legislative, 
executive, administrative, fiscal and monetary restrictions of any nature; 
• 
the archives of the Corporation, and in general all documents belonging to the Corporation, are 
inviolable except for documents required to be produced in the course of judicial or arbitral 
proceedings; 
• 
official communications of the Corporation are accorded in Member Countries the same treatment 
and preferential rates accorded to the official communication of international organisations and 
shall be immune from censorship and any other form of interception or interference with their 
privacy; 
• 
the Corporation's officers and employees are immune from legal process with respect to acts 
performed by them in their official capacity and are accorded immunities from immigration 
restrictions and alien registration requirements, from personal arrest or detention and, with the 
exclusion of salaries paid to Nigerian employees, domestic servants, locally recruited staff and

--- Page 170 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 155 - 
70-41079910 
 
permanent foreign residents of Nigeria, from any form of direct or indirect taxation on salaries, 
emoluments, indemnities and compensation; 
• 
the property, assets, income, operations and transactions of the Corporation are exempt from all 
taxation and custom duties and from withholding or collection of any tax; and 
• 
Member Countries are to grant the Corporation a status at least equal to that of a non-resident 
corporation and the Corporation shall enjoy all fiscal exemptions, financial facilities, privileges 
and concessions granted to international organisations, banking establishments and financial 
institutions. 
Furthermore, in the event of a foreign exchange crisis, the Corporation can assert its rights under the 
Establishment Agreement which provide for preferential access to foreign currency, therefore mitigating 
transfer and convertibility risk. 
Technology 
The Corporation uses information technology ("IT") from global industry leaders, such as IBM, Microsoft, 
Hewlett-Packard, Cisco, Oracle and SAP. The core business applications currently used include SAP, 
Hewlett-Packard, Unix, Microsoft Office 365, Laserfiche Electronic Document Management System and 
Oracle Relational Database Management System. The Corporation's IT operations, processes and 
procedures are guided by an industry standard governance framework. For the efficient operation and 
management of IT-related issues, the Corporation has an IT service desk that logs, tracks, monitors and 
resolves IT issues or incidents, end-to-end, in a timely manner. 
In addition, the Corporation has in place a robust disaster recovery and business continuity plan 
implemented within and outside Nigeria. All business critical applications are implemented to 
automatically replicate data onto the remote servers through an efficient wide area network located at the 
Corporation's disaster recovery centres in Ikeja, Lagos, Nigeria and Accra, Ghana. This is in addition to the 
Corporation's cloud computing technology adopted for mission-critical applications. To ensure efficient 
functionality, business continuity and disaster recovery tests at the disaster recovery centres are carried out 
on the disaster recovery centres' infrastructure on a quarterly basis. Users' experience is monitored and 
properly documented with a view to making the business continuity system more robust. 
The Corporation's IT systems are secured against internal and external cybersecurity attacks and 
vulnerabilities through the implementation of an industry standard information security management 
system, comprising different levels of information security solutions on a modularised network. The British 
Standards Institute (BSI) UK, has sustained the Corporation's ISO27001 certification for the past four 
consecutive years. After the unsuccessful fraud attempts on the Corporation's correspondent banking 
accounts held with international banks in 2012, the Corporation has put in place multi-level checks, which 
have diminished further email fraud attempts against the Corporation. The Corporation has also continued 
to invest in infrastructure and IT consultants to ensure that its IT infrastructure is able to resist further 
hacking attempts. 
The Corporation carries out independent, biannual IT controls and security reviews, including vulnerability 
assessment and penetration tests ("VAPTs") to uncover any weaknesses or vulnerabilities in its network 
infrastructure. VAPTs benchmark the security infrastructure against the Standard of Good Practice. 
Reviewed areas include management practice and policies, review of security and controls around network 
infrastructure, end-points and applications, penetration testing, ethical hacking, internal and external 
vulnerability assessment and general risk assessment and management. 
As a mobile institution, the Corporation has also implemented collaboration systems with embedded 
security to ensure that its employees are able to collaborate in productive and agile ways. These systems 
also facilitate the monitoring and measuring of employee performance. 
The Corporation continues to leverage the use of its IT infrastructure to drive efficiency and support its 
business and operations. 
Legal Proceedings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Corporation is aware) which are

--- Page 171 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 156 - 
70-41079910 
 
expected to have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, significant 
effects on the Corporation's financial position or profitability. 
Property 
The Corporation's headquarters are located at 3A Osborne Road, Ikoyi, Lagos, Nigeria. Its telephone 
number is +234 1 279 9600. 
Subsidiaries 
On 18 September 2013, the Corporation incorporated a special purpose entity, AFC Equity, in Mauritius, 
to undertake or hold certain equity investments as part of the Corporation's operational strategy. AFC Equity 
became operational on 18 March 2014. AFC Equity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation and 
is structured as an intermediary holding company. The operations of AFC Equity is managed solely by the 
Corporation's management team as AFC Equity does not have a separate management team. The board of 
directors of AFC Equity is currently composed of four foreign directors and two resident directors who 
have oversight of its activities. 
In September 2021, the Corporation created an independent asset management arm, ACP, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Corporation. ACP is charged with mobilising and managing third-party funds to unlock 
new sources of capital to fund the African infrastructure investment gap, estimated at U.S.$2.3 trillion. ACP 
will achieve this through a blended finance structure in order to raise U.S.$2.0 billion over the next 3 years. 
The Corporation has made a nominal investment in ACP. The objective of ACP is to mobilise third-party 
capital at scale from institutional investors (local, regional and global) to co-invest alongside the 
Corporation in transformational infrastructure projects on the African continent. ACP is domiciled in 
Mauritius. 
ACP launched its first product in September 2021, the ICRF, aimed at climate-proofing Africa’s vulnerable 
infrastructure. The ICRF aims to leverage the scale and breadth of AFC’s- organisational, investment and 
operational track record to offer investment opportunities to third-party investors in sustainable and low 
carbon infrastructure projects across Africa. The ICRF has a target fund size of U.S.$750.0 million and is 
the inaugural fund on the African continent with a key focus on driving investments into climate resilient 
infrastructure projects by integrating scientifically derived impacts of climate change in the Corporation's 
core sectors. In March 2023, the ICRF secured a U.S.$253.0 million commitment from the Green Climate 
Fund. The Corporation does not expect to hold a significant stake in the ICRF and any investment by the 
Corporation will be drawn from the Corporation's capital. The ICRF plans to raise U.S.$2 billion over the 
next three years and will target foundations, climate funds, DFIs and other institutional investors to raise 
its capital. 
Arise PCC is a special purpose vehicle set up solely to hold the Corporation's investment in Terminal à 
Conteneurs de Nouakchott ("TCN"). TCN, formerly known as Arise Mauritania S.A., is a port project in 
Mauritania. The Corporation acquired a 100% stake in Arise PCC in 2022, leading to an increase in the 
Corporation's interest in TCN to 50%, from 10.5%. In 2023, the investment was transferred from Arise 
PCC to AFC Equity and the process for an orderly liquidation of Arise PCC commenced. The full 
liquidation of Arise PCC is currently at an advanced stage and is expected to be finalised before the end of 
the 2024 financial year.  
In 2023, the Corporation acquired 100% interest in Pecan Energy AS (formerly Aker Energies AS), an 
exploration and production company. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Pecan Energy Ghana Limited, 
Pecan Energy AS has a 50% participating interest in the Deepwater Tano / Cape Three Points block 
("DWT/CTP"). Pecan Energy Ghana Limited is the operator responsible for the development of the 
DWT/CTP (Pecan field). Following the acquisition, the Corporation created a wholly owned special 
purpose vehicle, Pecan Energies Investment Limited, incorporated in the Cayman Islands, to hold the 
entities acquired from Pecan Energy AS.  The Corporation plans to reduce its holding in Pecan Energy AS 
in the near term. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2023, the Corporation had 152 full time employees and 5 contract staff and as at 30 
June 2024, the Corporation had 154 employees (operating on a pan-African basis). The Corporation's 
employees have previous work experience at other DFIs, investment banks, commercial banks, other

--- Page 172 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 157 - 
70-41079910 
 
multinational companies and consulting firms. They possess competency in banking, engineering, project 
development, investment, origination, advisory, syndications, project finance, management, and consulting, 
among other skill sets. 
The Corporation offers a four-pronged value proposition to its employees, providing: (i) the opportunity to 
participate in innovative and important projects in challenging and engaging roles; (ii) competitive 
compensation; (iii) strong professional development and training opportunities; and (iv) a collegial, 
inclusive and stimulating work environment. 
The Corporation operates a market-oriented staff compensation and benefits system designed to match the 
employment standards of other global financial institutions. The Corporation offers a defined contributory 
pension scheme to its employees, where it pays a fixed contribution of 7.5% of its employees' base salary 
and employees contribute a minimum of 5% of their basic salary into the scheme.

--- Page 173 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 158 - 
70-41079910 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
General 
The Corporation's operations are subject to a variety of risks, some of which are not within its control, 
including risks relating to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, declines in liquidity and 
deterioration in the credit quality of its loans and portfolios. The Corporation monitors and manages the 
maturities of its loans and borrowings, its interest rate and exchange rate exposure, its liquidity position and 
the credit quality of each individual loan and equity investment in order to minimise the effects of changes 
in them relative to the Corporation's profitability and liquidity position. 
By virtue of its mandate, the credit risks inherent in the Corporation's investments are relatively high due 
to the geographic concentration of its operational portfolio in Africa. The Corporation seeks to ensure that 
credit risks are properly identified and managed while other risks resulting from its ordinary operations are 
mitigated to the extent possible. 
In order to manage risks, the Corporation has designed policies, processes and procedures that help it to 
achieve what it believes to be an appropriate balance between risk and return. The Corporation has 
established a multi-layered risk management governance structure that comprises: (i) the Board of 
Directors; (ii) the BRIC, which is responsible for oversight and approval of risk policies and investment 
approvals that are above management's authority levels; (iii) the EXCO, which is responsible for the review 
of investment proposals and investment approvals; (iv) the Management Risk Committee, which is 
responsible for risk policy review, implementation and monitoring; (v) the Asset and Liability Committee 
("ALCO"), which is responsible for the management and monitoring of the Corporation's assets and 
liabilities, including liquidity and interest rate risks; (vi) weekly monitoring meetings to discuss 
interventions for borrowers that risk indicators have identified are likely to experience stress in the short to 
medium term; (vii) the Risk Management Department, which is responsible for the development, 
implementation management and monitoring of the Corporation's risk policy; and (viii) the Corporation's 
business units, which are responsible for the creation and management of the Corporation's risk assets. 
Together, these various organs within the Corporation are responsible for devising, implementing and 
monitoring its risk management policies, including financial, credit and market risks. The Corporation 
believes that its risk management policies are in line with international best practices. 
Investment Approval Process 
The Corporation's CRMP describes the Corporation's investment approval process. The investment 
approval process commences with the preparation of an ID Memo on any newly originated transaction. The 
ID Memo sets out an overview of the proposed transaction, an overview of the sponsors and their track 
record, strategic fit with the Corporation's corporate objectives, early risk issues and potential resource 
requirements. At this stage, the Corporation also initiates KYC checks and AML/ABAC due diligence. The 
KYC check will allow the Corporation to determine the identity of the borrower, the borrower's beneficial 
owners and shareholders, source of funds and reputation. If the Corporation subsequently determines that 
enhanced due diligence is necessary, the investment approval process will be paused until enhanced due 
diligence is completed and found to be satisfactory. See "Description of the Corporation—Compliance 
Procedures". The ID Memo is approved by an investment director and the Chief Investment Officer, prior 
to the transaction being formally introduced into the Corporation's project pipeline. 
A more detailed credit appraisal is then conducted, and early negotiations are held with the 
sponsors/promoters. Thereafter, an EIM is prepared, which contains the detailed information on the project, 
including an analysis of the expected returns from the investment. KYC, AML and ABAC processes at the 
EIM stage of the investment approval process are conducted to verify the information given by the 
prospective borrower from various referees. An initial risk rating is assigned by the Corporation's risk 
management department at this stage, and the transaction is then presented to the sub investment committee. 
Following the approval of the EIM, the required due diligence is conducted, focusing on the issues or 
concerns raised during the presentation of the EIM. During this period, negotiations will be advanced with 
the sponsors, the transaction structure will be finalised, and a term sheet will be executed. An FIM is then 
prepared for final approval of the proposed transaction. The FIM contains detailed information, such as the 
financial and technical strength of the borrower or project sponsors, pricing and security structure, project 
feasibility and financial, legal, regulatory, environmental and social, macro-economic and political factors, 
as well as a detailed transaction risk profile. The FIM is independently reviewed by the Risk Management

--- Page 174 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 159 - 
70-41079910 
 
department, which provides a risk assessment. The affirmative vote of the Chief Risk Officer is mandatory 
for all proposed investments that the Corporation considers for approval. Depending on the transaction size 
and risk rating, the FIM and the risk assessment will either be presented to the EXCO for final approval 
through its delegated management authority, the BRIC or the Board of Directors (upon the recommendation 
of the EXCO). Investments approved by the EXCO are also presented to the BRIC for information 
purposes. 
Credit Risk 
The Corporation is exposed to credit risk, which is the risk of financial loss as a result of a failure by a 
client or counterparty to meet its contractual obligation to the Corporation. The Corporation has two 
principal sources of credit risk: (i) credit risk on its loans and investments; and (ii) counterparty credit risk 
on its portfolio of treasury investments. It is anticipated that as the Corporation's portfolio of loans and 
investments increases, the credit risk on the portfolio will also increase. The Corporation's credit risks are 
managed within a framework of credit policies, guidelines and processes. 
Project and Investment Credit Risk 
The CRMP includes the Corporation's risk philosophy and metrics. The CRMP defines the level and type 
of credit exposures that the Corporation is prepared to accept in order to achieve its business goals and 
objectives. It defines the Corporation's risk appetite along three key metrics; Capital Adequacy Framework, 
Exposure Limits Framework and Credit Risk Acceptance criteria. 
The Corporation's Capital Adequacy Framework creates a quantifiable link between the risks assumed and 
the amount of risk capital required to support those risks. The Capital Adequacy Framework ensures that 
the Corporation holds adequate levels of capital to support its investment operations. 
The Corporation uses the Exposure Limits Framework to manage its exposures to individual and group 
credit risks. The objective is to ensure that the Corporation avoids excessive portfolio concentration, either 
in single projects or groups of projects, or in particular sectors that could be simultaneously affected by 
similar exogenous events. The Exposure Limits Framework defines the limits of risk exposures in relation 
to a single borrower or groups of borrowers, to industry sectors and to individual countries. The limits are 
recommended by the Corporation's management and approved by the BRIC. 
The Corporation's Credit Risk Acceptance Criteria are a set of terms and conditions that have to be met 
before an investment is accepted into the Corporation's portfolio. These include specific industry, financial, 
managerial and competitive benchmarks that proposed investments must meet before they are considered 
for the Corporation's credit exposures. 
Counterparty Credit Risk 
The Corporation invests its liquid assets in different financial instruments to generate income. These 
financial instruments involve, to some degree, the risk that the counterparty to the transaction may be unable 
to meet its obligations to the Corporation when they fall due. The Corporation manages this counterparty 
risk by executing transactions within a prudent framework of approved counterparties, counterparty credit 
rating standards and counterparty risk exposures limits. The risk exposure limit for each counterparty is a 
function of the counterparty's credit rating and its total shareholders' funds (net of losses) as well as the 
Corporation's shareholders' funds. The risk limits are proposed by the Risk Management Department and 
approved by the Executive Management Committee. 
Credit Risk Measurement 
The estimation of credit exposure is complex and requires the use of models, as the value of a product varies 
with changes in market variables, expected cash flows and the passage of time. The assessment of credit 
risk of a portfolio of assets entails further estimations as to the likelihood of defaults occurring, of the 
associated loss ratios and of the correlation between counterparty defaults. 
The Corporation has developed models to support the quantification of credit risk. These rating and scoring 
models are in use for all key credit portfolios and form the basis for measuring default risks. In measuring 
the credit risk of loans and advances at a counterparty level, the Corporation considers three components: 
(i) the "probability of default" by the client or counterparty on its contractual obligations; (ii) current 
exposures to the counterparty and its likely future development, from which the Corporation derives the

--- Page 175 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 160 - 
70-41079910 
 
"exposure at default"; and (iii) the likely recovery ratio on the defaulted obligations (the "loss given 
default"). The models are reviewed regularly to monitor their robustness relative to actual performance and 
amended as necessary to optimise their effectiveness. 
Risk Limit Control and Mitigation Policies 
The Corporation manages, limits and controls concentrations of credit risk wherever they are identified, in 
particular, to individual counterparties and corporations, and to industries and countries. The Corporation 
structures the levels of credit risk it undertakes by placing limits on the amount of risk accepted in relation 
to one borrower, or group of borrowers, and to geographical and industry segments. The Corporation's 
single obligor limit is 15% of shareholders' funds, while its limit for any one sector is 35% of investable 
funds (equal to shareholders' funds plus borrowings with a tenor of greater than one year). For debt 
investments, the maximum exposure allowed to a single obligor is 35% of the sector limit and for equity 
investments the maximum is one-third of the amount of debt exposure allowed. Such risks are monitored 
on a continuous basis. Limits on the level of credit risk by product, industry sector and country are approved 
by the BRIC on the recommendation of the Executive Management Committee. Furthermore, the Chief 
Risk Officer has a veto power that can be exercised at any point during the investment approval process. 
Risk Concentration 
The following table represents the maximum credit risk exposure of the Corporation as at 30 June 2024 and 
2023 and as at 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021 without taking account of any collateral held or other 
credit enhancements attached. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Balances with banks ................................................  
27,563 
6,681 
122,639 
49,263 
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
Placements with banks .........................................  
 
859,751 
1,371,103 
1,372,568 
1,841,697 
Derivative financial instruments ..........................  
166,452 
263,391 
184,370 
107,098 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
Project finance .....................................................  
3,725,675 
3,593,111 
3,065,325 
2,499,311 
Trade finance .......................................................  
1,029,854 
690,181 
546,939 
481,545 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
 
 
 
 
Hybrid instruments (convertible debt) .................  
316,856 
307,132 
538,070 
542,751 
Assets under management....................................  
22,228 
22,248 
19,837 
20,996 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities......................................  
404,660 
397,215 
330,327 
420,399 
Government debt securities ..................................  
3,374,339 
3,349,127 
2,537,313 
1,133,948  
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities......................................  
318,478 
336,382 
330,577 
128,397 
Government debt securities ..................................  
130,972 
184,657 
280,632 
281,088 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
Account receivable ..............................................  
16,581 
14,973 
39,854 
6,159 
Fee receivable ......................................................  
8,875 
8,875 
12,325 
8,680 
Advance for investment .......................................  
 
-  
14,700 
51,179 
Total .......................................................................  
10,402,284 
10,545,076 
9,395,476 
7,572,511 
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
 
 
 
Debt commitments and financial guarantees ......  
2,360,889 
2,498,904 
1,684,408 
281,352 
 
The Corporation's management is confident in its ability to continue to control and effectively manage the 
credit risk exposure in the Corporation's loan and advances portfolio. 
Credit Quality Analysis 
General Risk Rating Process 
Investment risk rating and acceptance criteria represent a vital aspect of the Corporation's risk appetite 
definition process. Before credit risk can be managed, it must first be identified and measured. A 23-point 
credit risk rating methodology, from "1" (excellent, very low risk) to "10" (expected loss, very high risk) is 
applied by the Corporation. The methodology encompasses the analysis of a client's fundamental financial 
strength, adjusted with obligor risk control factors, and further adjusted by facility risk control factors. The 
risk rating process for debt investments measures the expected loss of a credit facility over its tenor and it

--- Page 176 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 161 - 
70-41079910 
 
integrates assessments of the probability of default, the exposure at default, and the loss given default of 
the facility. The risk rating process for equity investments considers various factors, such as the internal 
rate of return on the investment, whether there are board observer and strong minority shareholder rights, 
whether the investment is self-liquidating and whether there are realistic exit plans. The 23 point risk rating 
scale is further reduced into five generic risk classes, of "very low risk", "low risk", "moderate risk", "high 
risk", and "very high risk". Generally, transactions rated "5" (acceptable, high risk) or better would be 
considered for financing by the Corporation. 
The risk ratings are a primary tool in the review and decision making in the credit process and this is carried 
out quarterly for each obligor. The integrity of the Corporation's portfolio management process is dependent 
on accurate and timely risk ratings. Deterioration in credit risks is quickly identified and communicated to 
facilitate prompt action. The rating is reviewed when there is a default and this is reflected in the 
management of such portfolio. A default would also lead to prevention of further drawdown while steps 
are taken to recover the outstanding balance and/or realise collaterals. 
Deterioration in credit risk is identified based on factors such as: (i) ratings downgrade; (ii) missed 
payments; (iii) non-compliance with loan covenants; and (iv) deterioration of quality/value of collateral. 
Credit Rating of Counterparty/Obligor 
Counterparties are subject to the Corporation's internal rating process as part of its credit approval and 
review process. All risk rating processes are reviewed and validated periodically to ensure relevance to 
business realities, and relate to loans and advances to other customers, loans and advances to banks, and 
investment securities. External ratings may also be obtained, where such are available. The Corporation's 
risk rating buckets and definitions are as set forth below: 
Description 
Rating bucket 
Range of scores 
Risk range 
description 
 
Very Low Risk ................................  
AAA to A- 
1.00 — 1.60 
Excellent 
 
Low Risk .........................................  
BBB+ to BBB- 
1.70 — 1.90 
Strong 
Acceptable 
risk range 
Low to Moderate Risk .....................  
BB+ to BB- 
2.00 — 2.60 
Good 
 
Moderate Risk .................................  
BB to B- 
2.90 - 4.00 
Fair 
 
High Risk ........................................  
CCC+ to CCC 
5.00 – 6.00 
Marginal 
Unacceptable 
risk range 
Very High Risk ...............................  
CCC- to D 
7.00 — 10.00 
Special attention 
 
 
The internal credit risk rating bucket has been calibrated to the S&P and Moody's rating grades for obligors. 
The Corporation's credit grades are not intended to replicate external credit grades (where these are 
available), and ratings assigned by external ratings agencies are not used in determining the Corporation's 
internal credit grades. Nonetheless, as the factors used to grade a borrower may be similar, a borrower rated 
poorly by an external rating agency is typically assigned a worse internal credit grade. 
The credit quality of the loans and advances to banks and other customers that are neither past due nor 
impaired is set forth below as at 30 June 2024 and 2023 and as at 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Counterparties with international credit 
rating (S&P, Fitch, Moody's): 
 
 
 
 
Investment grade (AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, A+, A, 
A-, BBB+, BBB, BBB-)(1) .................................. 
 
3,376,868 
3,850,812 
3,273,343 
1,877,800 
Others (BB+, BB, BB-, B+, B, B-) ..................... 
3,682,631 
3,714,402 
3,070,531 
2,556,780 
 
7,059,499 
7,565,214 
6,343,874 
4,434,580 
Counterparties without international credit 
ratings: 
 
 
 
 
Group 1(2) ........................................................... 
577,975 
554,627 
237,021 
241,526 
Group 2(3) ........................................................... 
2,704,810 
2,367,774 
2,756,894 
2,846,269 
 
3,282,785 
2,922,401 
2,993,915 
3,087,795 
Total unimpaired nor past due loans, 
advances and debt securities ............................ 
 
10,342,284 
10,487,615 
9,337,789 
7,488,991 
Past due but not impaired ................................... 
 
 
–  
33,384 
Total loans, advances and debt securities ....... 
10,342,284 
10,487,615 
9,337,789 
7,522,375

--- Page 177 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 162 - 
70-41079910 
 
 _______________  
(1) Consists largely of placements with banks, cash and bank balances and includes longer-dated securities. 
(2) New customers/related parties (less than six months). 
(3) Existing customers/related parties (more than six months) with no defaults in the past. 
Counterparties are subject to the Corporation's internal rating process as part of its credit approval and 
review process. Using the Corporation's internal credit rating, the credit quality of financial assets measured 
at amortised cost exposed to credit risk is set forth below: 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023(1) 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Balances with banks at amortised cost: 
 
 
 
 
Excellent ..................................................................... 
10,054 
848 
83,795 
13,277 
Strong ......................................................................... 
 
5,315 
21,473 
33,838 
Good ........................................................................... 
1,686 
80 
17,371 
2,148 
Fair ............................................................................. 
179 
438 
 
 
Acceptable  ................................................................. 
15,644 
 
 
 
Loss allowance  .......................................................... 
— 
— 
 
 
Carrying amount .......................................................... 
27,563 
6,681 
122,639 
49,263 
Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost: 
 
 
 
 
Excellent ..................................................................... 
705,384 
1,101,704 
1,164,743 
1,133,988 
Strong ......................................................................... 
— 
— 
102,225 
531,637 
Good ........................................................................... 
 
107,965 
179,041 
Acceptable .................................................................. 
159,752 
274,923 
 
 
Loss allowance ............................................................... 
(5,385) 
(5,524) 
(2,365) 
(2,969) 
Carrying amount .......................................................... 
859,751 
1,371,103 
1,372,568 
1,841,697 
Loans and advances to other customers at amortised 
cost: 
 
 
 
 
Project finance: 
 
 
 
 
Excellent ..................................................................... 
234,507 
252,489 
245,430 
182,058 
Good ........................................................................... 
483,548 
287,897 
1,601,129 
1,155,897 
Strong ......................................................................... 
— 
— 
128,414 
146,944 
Fair ............................................................................. 
584,206 
623,083 
285,754 
308,039 
Acceptable 
2,289,503 
2,515,304 
 
 
Marginal ..................................................................... 
234,761 
— 
850,706 
728,473 
Special Attention ........................................................ 
— 
— 
37,315 
Default ........................................................................ 
125,356 
125,356 
125,576 
93,505 
Loss allowance ............................................................... 
(226,206) 
(211,018) 
(171,684) 
(152,920) 
Trade finance: 
 
 
 
 
Strong ......................................................................... 
— 
3,027 
— 
Good ........................................................................... 
5,005 
7005 
523,161 
453,764 
Fair ............................................................................. 
126,108 
268,292 
362 
— 
Acceptable .................................................................. 
934,466 
439,143 
 
 
Marginal ..................................................................... 
 
— 
41,790 
42,960 
Loss allowance ............................................................... 
(35,725) 
(24,259) 
(21,401) 
(15,179) 
Carrying amount .......................................................... 
4,755,529 
4,283,292 
3,612,264 
2,980,856 
Gross carrying amount: 
 
 
 
 
Current ........................................................................... 
4,923,955 
4,425,064 
3,679,773 
3,022,066 
Overdue 30 – 90 days ..................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
33,384 
Overdue 90 – 180 days ................................................... 
— 
— 
–— 
— 
Overdue > 180 days ....................................................... 
93,505 
93,505 
125,576 
93,505 
Total .............................................................................. 
5,017,460 
4,518,569 
3,805,349 
3,148,955 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities 
 
 
 
 
Excellent ..................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Strong ......................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
 23,071 
Good ........................................................................... 
– 
39,241 
156,793 
Fair ............................................................................. 
70,163 
66,968 
101,261 
181,663 
Acceptable .................................................................. 
266,045 
351,716 
208,423 
71,798 
Marginal ..................................................................... 
92,609 
— 
— 
— 
Special attention  
 
— 
 
 
Loss allowance ............................................................... 
(24,159) 
(21,470) 
(18,598) 
(12,926) 
Government debt securities: 
 
 
 
 
Excellent ..................................................................... 
2,004,909 
2,108,533 
1,497,491 
— 
Strong ......................................................................... 
76 
20,175 
76 
— 
Good ........................................................................... 
 
1,040,820 
1,148,839 
Fair ............................................................................. 
68,062 
4,013 
— 
— 
Acceptable .................................................................. 
1,328,784 
1,241,761

--- Page 178 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 163 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023(1) 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Special attention ......................................................... 
 
 
20,038 
— 
Loss allowance ............................................................... 
(27,490) 
(25,354) 
(21,112) 
(14,891) 
Carrying amount .......................................................... 
3,778,999 
3,746,342 
2,867,640 
1,554,347 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities: 
 
 
 
 
Excellent ..................................................................... 
— 
— 
57,240 
— 
Strong ......................................................................... 
71,005 
50,905 
50,577 
47,813 
Good ........................................................................... 
– 
229,189 
82,296 
Fair 
 
31,936 
 
 
Acceptable  ................................................................. 
258,483 
265,742 
 
 
Loss allowance ............................................................... 
(11,008) 
(12,200) 
(6,429) 
(1,712) 
Government debt securities: 
 
 
 
 
Excellent ..................................................................... 
— 
30,897 
30,933 
— 
Strong ......................................................................... 
50,504 
50,521 
50,554 
50,663 
Good ........................................................................... 
 
75,301 
201,163 
232,787 
Fair  ............................................................................ 
51,151 
 
 
 
Acceptable  ................................................................. 
31,141 
31,157 
 
 
Loss allowance ............................................................... 
(1,826) 
(3,220) 
(2,018) 
(2,362) 
Carrying amount .......................................................... 
449,450 
521,039 
611,209 
409,485 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
Account receivable: 
 
 
 
 
Acceptable  ................................................................. 
16,581 
14,973 
 
 
Good ........................................................................... 
 
39,854 
6,159 
Fee receivable 
 
 
 
 
Acceptable  ................................................................. 
8,875 
8,875 
 
 
 Good .......................................................................... 
 
 
12,325 
8,680 
Advance for investment 
 
 
 
 
    Good........................................................................... 
 
— 
14,700 
51,179 
Carrying amount .......................................................... 
25,456 
23,848 
66,879 
66,018 
Off-balance sheet commitments: 
 
 
 
 
Debt and financial guarantees 
 
 
 
 
Strong ......................................................................... 
 
21,000 
— 
Good ........................................................................... 
20,164 
26,571 
1,548,096 
106,279 
Fair ............................................................................. 
43,307 
239,350 
28,502 
155,673 
Acceptable  ................................................................. 
2,294,493 
2,232,983 
 
 
   Marginal ...................................................................... 
2,925 
— 
86,810 
19,400 
Carrying amount .......................................................... 
2,360,889 
2,498,904 
1,684,408 
281,352 
Loss allowance on commitments .................................... 
11,083 
17,897 
12,486 
2,477 
 _______________  
(1) Figures for 2023 have been presented in accordance with the Interim Financial Statements. See the 2023 Financial Statements set 
out in the F-Pages for the year end presentation. 
Using the Corporation's internal credit rating, the credit quality of financial assets measured at fair value 
exposed to credit risk is set forth below: 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023(1) 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Derivatives financial assets: 
 
 
 
 
    Good...........................................................................  
 
 
184,370 
107,098 
    Acceptable ..................................................................  
166,452 
263,391 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities 
 
 
 
 
Good ...........................................................................  
 
21,968 
5,000 
Fair .............................................................................  
5,000 
5,000 
212,974 
47,805 
Acceptable ..................................................................  
307,380 
290,610 
 
 
Marginal .....................................................................  
4,476 
11,522 
73,678 
444,869 
Special Attention ........................................................  
 
229,450 
45,077 
Assets under management (debt securities) 
 
 
 
 
     Good ..........................................................................  
 
 
19,837 
20,996 
 Acceptable .................................................................  
22,228 
22,248 
 
 
 
339,084 
329,380 
557,907 
563,747

--- Page 179 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 164 - 
70-41079910 
 
 _______________  
(1) Figures for 2023 have been presented in accordance with the Interim Financial Statements. See the 2023 Financial Statements set 
out in the F-Pages for the year end presentation. 
The Corporation holds collateral and other credit enhancements against certain of its credit exposures. For 
loans and advances to other customers, the general credit worthiness of a customer tends to be the most 
relevant indicator of credit quality of a loan extended to it. However, collateral provides additional security 
and the Corporation generally requests that borrowers provide it. 
The extent to which collateral values are actively managed will depend on the credit quality and other 
circumstances of the obligor. Although lending decisions are predominantly based on expected cash flows, 
any collateral provided may impact the pricing and other terms of a loan or facility granted; this will have 
a financial impact on the amount of net interest income recognised and on internal loss-given-default 
estimates that contribute to the determination of asset quality. 
For unimpaired secured lending, the Corporation reports assets gross of collateral and therefore discloses 
the maximum loss exposure. The Corporation believes that this approach is appropriate as collateral values 
at origination and during a period of good performance may not be representative of the value of collateral 
if the obligor enters a distressed state. 
Unimpaired secured lending is predominantly managed on a cash flow basis. On occasion, it may include 
an assessment of underlying collateral, although, for impaired lending, this will not always involve 
assessing it on a fair value basis. 
The valuation of collateral is updated when the credit risk of a loan deteriorates significantly and the loan 
is monitored more closely. No collateral is held for balances with commercial banks, loans and advances 
to banks, debt securities and other assets. 
In situations involving repossessed collateral, the assets are initially recognised at fair value when acquired 
and included in the relevant assets, depending on their nature and the Corporation's intention in respect of 
recovery of these assets. They are subsequently remeasured and accounted for in accordance with the 
accounting policies for these categories of assets. 
Concentration of Risks of Financial Assets with Credit Risk Exposure 
The following tables set forth the Corporation's main credit exposures at their carrying amounts, categorised 
by geographical region, as at 30 June 2024 and as at 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. The Corporation 
has allocated exposures to regions based on the country of domicile of its counterparties. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
West 
Africa 
Rest of 
Africa 
Outside 
Africa 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Cash and balances with banks ...............................................  
4,368 
13,141 
10,054 
27,563 
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
Placements with banks .......................................................  
154,604 
- 
705,147 
859,751 
Derivative financial assets .....................................................  
80,615 
17,324 
68,513 
166,452 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
Project finance ...................................................................  
2,442,766 
1,282,909 
- 
3,725,675 
Trade finance .....................................................................  
701,236 
328,618 
- 
1,029,854 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
 
 
 
 
Hybrid instruments (convertible debt) ...............................  
125,118 
191,738 
- 
316,856 
Assets under management..................................................  
- 
- 
22,228 
22,228 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities....................................................  
109,774 
294,855 
- 
404,659 
Government debt securities ................................................  
1,109,964 
259,638 
2,004,738 
3,374,340 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities .......................................................  
247,743 
70,734 
- 
318,477 
Government debt securities ...................................................  
30,425 
100,548 
- 
130,973 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
Accounts receivable ...........................................................  
16,581 
- 
- 
16,581 
Fee receivable ....................................................................  
2,500 
6,375 
- 
8,875 
Advance for investments ...................................................  
 
 
 
 
Total ..................................................................................  
5,025,694 
2,565,910 
2,810,680 
10,402,284 
Commitments ......................................................................  
1,584,989 
775,900 
- 
2,360,889

--- Page 180 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 165 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
West 
Africa 
Rest of 
Africa 
Outside 
Africa 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Cash and balances with banks ...............................................  
516 
5,317 
848 
6,681 
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
Placements with banks .......................................................  
273,378 
— 
1,097,725 
1,371,103 
Derivative financial assets .....................................................  
155,496 
— 
107,895 
263,391 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
Project finance ...................................................................  
2,418,046 
1,175,065 
— 
3,593,111 
Trade finance .....................................................................  
515,604 
174,577 
— 
690,181 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
 
 
 
 
Debt Securities ...................................................................  
134,802 
172,330 
— 
307,132 
Assets under management (debt securities) .......................  
— 
— 
22,248 
22,248 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities....................................................  
112,791 
284,424 
— 
397,215 
Government debt securities ................................................  
1,209,734 
30,994 
2,108,399 
3,349,127 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities....................................................  
285,682 
50,700 
— 
336,382 
Government debt securities ................................................  
30,494 
154,163 
— 
184,657 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
Accounts receivable ...........................................................  
14,973 
— 
— 
14,973 
Fee receivable ....................................................................  
2,500 
6,375 
— 
8,875 
Total ..................................................................................  
5,154,016 
2,053,945 
3,337,115 
10,545,076 
Commitments ......................................................................  
1,560,865 
938,039 
— 
2,498,904 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
West 
Africa 
Rest of 
Africa 
Outside 
Africa 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Cash and balances with banks ...............................................  
17,371 
21,473 
83,795 
122,639 
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
Placements with banks .......................................................  
106,139 
102,127 
1,164,302 
1,372,568 
Derivative financial assets .....................................................  
133,727 
— 
50,643 
184,370 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
Project finance ...................................................................  
2,077,020 
988,305 
— 
3,065,325 
Trade finance .....................................................................  
365,077 
181,862 
— 
546,939 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
 
 
 
 
Hybrid instruments (convertible debt) ...............................  
353,656 
184,414 
— 
538,070 
Assets under management..................................................  
1,031,963 
7,961 
1,497,389 
2,537,313 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities....................................................  
148,960 
181,367 
— 
330,327 
Government debt securities ................................................  
1,031,963 
7,961 
1,497,389 
2,537,313 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities....................................................  
280,114 
50,463 
— 
330,577 
Government debt securities ................................................  
63,221 
217,411 
— 
280,632 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
Accounts receivable ...........................................................  
39,854 
— 
— 
39,854 
Fee receivable ....................................................................  
12,325 
— 
— 
12,325 
Advance for investments ...................................................  
— 
14,700 
— 
14,700 
Total ..................................................................................  
4,629,427 
1,950,083 
2,815,966 
9,395,476 
Commitments ......................................................................  
1,513,768 
170,640 
- 
1,684,408 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
West 
Africa 
Rest of 
Africa 
Outside 
Africa 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Cash and balances with banks ...............................................  
2,148 
33,838 
13,277 
49,263 
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
Placements with banks .......................................................  
177,255 
261,282 
1,403,160 
1,841,697 
Derivative financial assets .....................................................  
71,590 
9,004 
26,504 
107,098 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
Project finance ...................................................................  
1,878,381 
620,930 
— 
2,499,211 
Trade finance .....................................................................  
310,174 
171,371 
— 
481,545 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
 
 
 
 
Hybrid instruments (convertible debt) ...............................  
366,357 
176,394 
— 
542,751 
Assets under management..................................................  
— 
- 
20,996 
20,996 
Investment securities:

--- Page 181 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 166 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
West 
Africa 
Rest of 
Africa 
Outside 
Africa 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Corporate debt securities....................................................  
331,795 
88,604 
— 
420,399 
Government debt securities ................................................  
1,122,028 
11,920 
— 
1,133,948 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities....................................................  
80,692 
47,705 
— 
128,397 
Government debt securities ................................................  
63,786 
217,302 
— 
281,088 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
Accounts receivable ...........................................................  
6,159 
— 
— 
6,159 
Fee receivable ....................................................................  
8,680 
— 
— 
8,680 
Advance for investments ...................................................  
51,179 
— 
— 
51,179 
Total ..................................................................................  
4,470,224 
1,638,350 
1,463,937 
7,572,511 
Commitments ......................................................................  
109,014 
172,338 
- 
281,352 
Credit Ratings 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Corporation is able to obtain funding. These 
ratings assess the credit worthiness of the Corporation and are based on reviews of a broad range of business 
and financial attributes, including risk management processes and procedures, capital adequacy, liquidity, 
governance and members support. 
Market Risk 
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because 
of changes in market prices. Market risks arise from open positions in interest rates, currency and equity 
products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements and changes in the level of 
volatility of market rates or prices such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates and equity 
prices. 
The Corporation's portfolio primarily comprises non-trading portfolios. The principal risk these non-trading 
portfolios are exposed to is the risk of loss from fluctuations in the future cash flows or fair value of financial 
instruments because of a change in market interest rates. Interest rate risk is managed principally through 
monitoring interest rate gaps and by having pre-approved limits for repricing bands. ALCO is the 
monitoring body for compliance with these limits and is assisted by the Risk Management Department in 
its day-to-day monitoring activities. These day-to-day activities include monitoring changes in the 
Corporation's interest rate exposures, which include the impact of the Corporation's outstanding or forecast 
debt obligations. 
Foreign Exchange Risk 
The Corporation may occasionally be exposed to the effects of fluctuations in the currency exchange rates 
on its financial position and cash flows. The Corporation's functional and reporting currency is the U.S. 
dollar. Foreign exchange risk arises when investments are made in any currency other than the U.S. dollar. 
It is the Corporation's policy to hedge its foreign currency exposures arising from its operations as much as 
practicable. The Board of Directors sets limits on the level of exposure by currency, which are monitored 
daily by the Risk Management Department. The tables below set forth the Corporation's balance sheet 
profile by currency and its exposure to foreign exchange rate risk as at 30 June 2024 and as at 31 December 
2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks ................................................................................  
11,985 
15,597 
27,582 
Loans and advances to banks .................................................................................  
796,023 
63,728 
859,751 
Derivative financial assets ......................................................................................  
148,688 
17,764 
166,452 
Loans and advances to other customers ..................................................................  
3,739,256 
1,016,273 
4,755,529 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.................................................  
1,614,840 
- 
1,614,840 
Investment securities ..............................................................................................  
2,161,956 
1,653,795 
3,815,751 
Pledged assets ........................................................................................................  
449,450 
- 
449,450 
Other assets ............................................................................................................  
6,619 
18,837 
25,456 
Total financial assets ............................................................................................  
8,928,817 
2,785,994 
11,714,811 
Borrowings .............................................................................................................  
7,092,866 
924,573 
8,017,439 
Derivative financial liabilities ................................................................................  
67,685 
8,597 
76,282

--- Page 182 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 167 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities ...................................................................  
165,766 
31,921 
197,687 
Total financial liabilities ......................................................................................  
7,326,317 
965,091 
8,291,408 
Net financial position ...........................................................................................  
1,602,500 
1,820,903 
3,423,403 
Commitments .......................................................................................................  
724,988 
1,635,901 
2,360,889 
 _______________  
(1) Principally South African rand and euro. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks .............................................................................  
6,612 
99 
6,711 
Loans and advances to banks ..............................................................................  
1,063,326 
307,777 
1,371,103 
Derivative financial assets ...................................................................................  
254,083 
9,308 
263,391 
Loans and advances to other customers ...............................................................  
3,216,928 
1,066,364 
4,283,292 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss..............................................  
1,061,402 
- 
1,601,402 
Investment securities ...........................................................................................  
2,228,159 
1,555,163 
3,783,322 
Pledged assets .....................................................................................................  
521,039 
- 
521,039 
Other assets .........................................................................................................  
6,720 
17,128 
23,848 
Total financial assets .........................................................................................  
8,898,269 
2,955,839 
11,854,108 
Borrowings ..........................................................................................................  
7,446,298 
878,185 
8,324,483 
Derivative financial liabilities .............................................................................  
112,376 
16,538 
128,914 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities ................................................................  
155,754 
32,822 
188,576 
Total financial liabilities ...................................................................................  
7,714,428 
927,545 
8,641,973 
Net financial position ........................................................................................  
1,183,841 
2,028,294 
3,212,135 
Commitments ....................................................................................................  
731,538 
1,767,366 
2,498,904 
 _______________  
(1) Principally South African rand and euro. 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks .............................................................................  
34,821 
87,861 
122,682 
Loans and advances to banks ..............................................................................  
1,040,412 
332,156 
1,372,568 
Derivative financial assets ...................................................................................  
168,750 
15,620 
184,370 
Loans and advances to other customers ...............................................................  
2,840,196 
772,068 
3,612,264 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss..............................................  
1,540,808 
83,146 
1,623,954 
Investment securities ...........................................................................................  
1,587,719 
1,332,841 
2,920,560 
Pledged assets .....................................................................................................  
611,209 
- 
611,209 
Other assets .........................................................................................................  
11,080 
55,799 
66,879 
Total financial assets .........................................................................................  
7,834,995 
2,679,491 
10,514,486 
Borrowings ..........................................................................................................  
6,424,868 
1,143,337 
7,568,205 
Derivative financial liabilities .............................................................................  
37,441 
34,840 
72,281 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities ................................................................  
113,254 
74,636 
187,890 
Total financial liabilities ...................................................................................  
6,575,563 
1,252,813 
7,828,376 
Net financial position ........................................................................................  
1,259,432 
1,426,678 
2,686,110 
Commitments ....................................................................................................  
512,945 
1,171,463 
1,684,408 
 _______________  
(1) Principally South African rand and euro. 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks .............................................................................  
45,099 
4,197 
49,296 
Loans and advances to banks ..............................................................................  
1,661,947 
179,750 
1,841,697 
Derivative financial assets ...................................................................................  
78,258 
28,840 
107,098 
Loans and advances to other customers ...............................................................  
2,157,466 
823,390 
2,980,856 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss..............................................  
1,395,573 
92,991 
1,488,564 
Investment securities ...........................................................................................  
385,927 
1,221,996 
1,607,923 
Pledged assets .....................................................................................................  
409,485 
— 
409,485

--- Page 183 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 168 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Other assets .........................................................................................................  
16,286 
54,475 
70,761 
Total financial assets .........................................................................................  
6,150,041 
2,405,639 
8,555,680 
Borrowings ..........................................................................................................  
5,398,280 
787,740 
6,186,020 
Derivative financial liabilities .............................................................................  
— 
13,799 
13,799 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities ................................................................  
77,104 
49,199 
126,303 
Total financial liabilities ...................................................................................  
5,475,384 
850,738 
6,326,122 
Net financial position ........................................................................................  
674,657 
1,554,901 
2,229,558 
Commitments ....................................................................................................  
40,485 
240,867 
281,352 
 _______________  
(1) Principally South African rand and euro. 
The following analysis shows the Corporation's sensitivity to increases or decreases in exchange rates as at 
30 June 2024 and as at 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Impact on profit or loss: 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp U.S. dollar depreciation ......................................................  
 
49,590 
49,590 
Sensitivity at 400bp U.S. dollar appreciation ......................................................  
 
(95,655) 
(95,655) 
Impact on equity: 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp U.S. dollar depreciation ......................................................  
 
259 
259 
Sensitivity at 400bp U.S. dollar appreciation ......................................................  
 
(488) 
(488) 
 _______________  
(1) Principally South African rand and euro. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Impact on profit or loss: 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp U.S. dollar depreciation ......................................................  
22,954 
22,954 
Sensitivity at 400bp U.S. dollar appreciation ......................................................  
(98,720) 
(98,720) 
Impact on equity: 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp U.S. dollar depreciation ......................................................  
636 
636 
Sensitivity at 400bp U.S. dollar appreciation ......................................................  
(1,198) 
(1,198) 
 _______________  
(1) Principally South African rand and euro. 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Impact on profit or loss: 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp U.S. dollar depreciation ......................................................  
— 
15,085 
15,085 
Sensitivity at 400bp U.S. dollar appreciation ......................................................  
— 
(84,861) 
(84,861) 
Impact on equity: 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp U.S. dollar depreciation ......................................................  
— 
635 
635 
Sensitivity at 400bp U.S. dollar appreciation ......................................................  
— 
(1,197) 
(1,197) 
 _______________  
(1) Principally South African rand and euro. 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
U.S. Dollar 
Other(1) 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Impact on profit or loss: 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp U.S. dollar depreciation ......................................................  
— 
12,296 
12,296 
Sensitivity at 400bp U.S. dollar appreciation ......................................................  
— 
(80,042) 
(80,042) 
Impact on equity: 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp U.S. dollar depreciation ......................................................  
— 
638 
638 
Sensitivity at 400bp U.S. dollar appreciation ......................................................  
— 
(1,203) 
(1,203) 
 _______________  
(1) Principally South African rand and euro. 
Most currency exposures resulting from the Corporation's investment portfolio are hedged in line with its 
hedging policy. The Corporation's hedging policy states that: (i) derivative transactions are not to be used 
for speculative purposes or to assume risks that are not prudent when considering the purposes of which 
the transaction is intended; (ii) open or unhedged derivative transactions are to be avoided, (iii) derivative

--- Page 184 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 169 - 
70-41079910 
 
contracts should only be entered into on an approved underlying risk, such that the exposure is within 
approved limits; (iv) preferred hedging transactions are those determined to be effective hedges; and (v) 
derivative instruments and contracts should be constructed to minimise liquidity and cash flow risks 
associated with hedging activities. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's net open foreign exchange position was U.S.$80.8 million, 
representing 2.2% of shareholders' funds as at that date (2023: U.S.$26.1 million; 0.8% of shareholders' 
funds, 2022: U.S.$66.5 million; 0.8% of shareholders' funds and 2021: U.S.$84.3 million; 3.8% of 
shareholders' funds). The Corporation's net open foreign exchange position decreased between 2022 and 
2023 mainly due to hedging transactions undertaken during the course of the year ended 31 December 2023 
Interest Rate Risk 
Cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that the future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in market interest rates. Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial 
instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Corporation takes on exposures 
to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing levels of market interest rates on both the fair value of its 
financial instruments and cash flows arising therefrom. Interest margins may increase as a result of such 
changes, but losses may arise in the event that adverse movements occur. 
The tables below set forth the Corporation's exposure to interest rate risks as at 30 June 2024 and as at 31 
December 2023, 2022 and 2021. It includes the Corporation's financial instruments at carrying amounts, 
categorised by the earlier of the contractual repricing or maturity dates. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
Up to 3 
months 
Above 3 
months 
Non-
Interest-
Bearing 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks .................................................  
— 
— 
27,582 
27,582 
Loans and advances to banks ..................................................  
687,603 
98,866 
73,282 
859,751 
Derivative financial instruments ..............................................  
— 
— 
166,452 
166,452 
Loans and advances to other customers ...................................  
1,725,304 
3,030,225 
— 
4,755,529 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss..................  
11,936 
217,148 
1,385,756 
1,614,840 
Investment securities ...............................................................  
2,912.349 
866,650 
36,752 
3,815,751 
Pledged assets .........................................................................  
— 
499,450 
— 
449,450 
Other assets .............................................................................  
— 
— 
25,456 
25,456 
Total financial assets .............................................................  
5,337,192 
4,662,339 
1,715,280 
11,714,811 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings ..............................................................................  
3,735,363 
4,282,076 
— 
8,017,439 
Derivative financial instruments ..............................................  
— 
— 
76,282 
76,282 
Other liabilities ........................................................................  
— 
— 
197,687 
197,687 
Total financial liabilities .......................................................  
3,735,363 
4,282,076 
273,969 
8,291,407 
Total interest repricing gap ..................................................  
1,601,829 
380,263 
1,441,311 
3,423,404 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
Up to 3 
months 
Above 3 
months 
Non-
Interest-
Bearing 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks .................................................  
— 
— 
6,711 
6,711 
Loans and advances to banks ..................................................  
1,142,191 
164,938 
63,974 
1,371,103 
Derivative financial instruments ..............................................  
— 
— 
263,391 
263,391 
Loans and advances to other customers ...................................  
1,567,451 
2,715,841 
— 
4,2893,292 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss..................  
1,770 
230,620 
1,369,012 
1,601,402 
Investment securities ...............................................................  
3,391,890 
354,452 
36,980 
3,783,322 
Pledged assets .........................................................................  
— 
521,039 
— 
521,039 
Other assets .............................................................................  
— 
— 
23,848 
23,848 
Total financial assets .............................................................  
6,103,302 
3,986,890 
1,763,916 
11,854,108 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings ..............................................................................  
4,251,580 
4,072,903 
— 
8,324,483 
Derivative financial instruments ..............................................  
— 
— 
128,914 
128,914

--- Page 185 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 170 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
Up to 3 
months 
Above 3 
months 
Non-
Interest-
Bearing 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Other liabilities ........................................................................  
— 
— 
188,576 
188,576 
Total financial liabilities .......................................................  
4,251,580 
4,072,903 
317,490 
8,641,973 
Total interest repricing gap ..................................................  
1,851,722 
(86,013) 
1,446,426 
3,212,135 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
Up to 3 
months 
Above 3 
months 
Non-
Interest-
Bearing 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks .................................................  
— 
— 
122,682 
122,682 
Loans and advances to banks ..................................................  
1,372,568 
— 
— 
1,372,568 
Derivative financial instruments ..............................................  
— 
— 
184,370 
184,370 
Loans and advances to other customers ...................................  
1,880,882 
1,687,461 
43,921 
3,612,264 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss..................  
12,908 
463,870 
1,147,176 
1,623,954 
Investment securities ...............................................................  
1,528,193 
1,339,447 
52,920 
2,920,560 
Pledged assets .........................................................................  
— 
611,209 
— 
611,209 
Other assets .............................................................................  
— 
 — 
66,879 
66,879 
Total financial assets .............................................................  
4,794,551 
4,101,987 
1,617,948 
10,514,486 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings ..............................................................................  
2,563,417 
5,004,788 
— 
7,568,205 
Derivative financial instruments ..............................................  
— 
— 
72,281 
72,281 
Other liabilities ........................................................................  
— 
— 
187,890 
187,890 
Total financial liabilities .......................................................  
2,563,417 
5,004,788 
260,171 
7,828,376 
Total interest repricing gap ..................................................  
2,231,134 
(902,801) 
1,357,777 
2,686,110 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
Up to 3 
months 
Above 3 
months 
Non-
Interest-
Bearing 
Total 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks .................................................  
— 
— 
49,296 
49,296 
Loans and advances to banks ..................................................  
1,841,697 
— 
— 
1,841,697 
Derivative financial instruments ..............................................  
— 
— 
107,098 
107,098 
Loans and advances to other customers ...................................  
1,434,314 
1,546,542 
— 
2,980,856 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss..................  
— 
508,152 
980,412 
1,488,564 
Investment securities ...............................................................  
169,393 
1,384,954 
53,576 
1,607,923 
Pledged assets .........................................................................  
— 
409,485 
— 
409,485 
Other assets .............................................................................  
— 
 — 
66,018 
66,018 
Total financial assets .............................................................  
3,445,404 
3,849,133 
1,256,400 
8,550,937 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings ..............................................................................  
1,818,171 
4,367,849 
— 
6,186,020 
Derivative financial instruments ..............................................  
— 
— 
13,799 
13,799 
Other liabilities ........................................................................  
— 
— 
126,303 
126,303 
Total financial liabilities .......................................................  
1,818,171 
4,367,849 
140,102 
6,326,122 
Total interest repricing gap ..................................................  
1,627,233 
(518,716) 
1,116,298 
2,224,815 
 
Changes in interest rates affect the Corporation's net interest income, borrowings and overall results of 
operations. For example, when interest rates in the United States or the Eurozone increase, the Corporation's 
cost of funding increases, which may reduce its net interest income or if there is a decreasing interest rate 
environment, investor credit risk appetite generally goes up and the Corporation would be able to incur 
borrowings at tighter credit spreads. In March 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the 
first time since 2018 and between March 2022 and July 2023, interest rates in the United States changed 
11 times increasing to a peak of 5.50%. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the target range in the United 
States is between 4.75% to 5.00%.

--- Page 186 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 171 - 
70-41079910 
 
The Corporation is also exposed to risks resulting from mismatches between the interest rates on its 
interest-bearing liabilities and interest-earning assets. As at 30 June 2024, 38.14% of the Corporation's total 
interest bearing assets had floating interest rates as compared to 58.11% of the Corporation's total interest 
bearing liabilities and the ratio of floating rate assets to floating rate liabilities was 65.6%. As at 31 
December 2023, 32.9% of the Corporation's total interest bearing assets had floating interest rates as 
compared to 54.5% of the Corporation's total interest bearing liabilities and the ratio of floating rate assets 
to floating rate liabilities was 63.5%. As at 30 June 2024, 75.5% of the Corporation's loans and advances 
to other customers were floating rate loans, while as at 31 December 2023, 79.6% of the Corporation's loans 
and advances to other customers were floating rate loans. As a measure to manage interest rate risk, the 
Corporation seeks where possible to match the interest period of its assets and liabilities. However, it is not 
always possible for the Corporation to match the interest periods of its assets and liabilities and as a result, 
rising interest rates can lead to higher or lower interest margins, depending on whether the Corporation's 
interest-bearing assets reprice at a faster rate than its interest-bearing liabilities. 
The Corporation's net interest margin (calculated as interest income less interest expense, divided by the 
Corporation's average interest-bearing assets for the period) was 6.0% and 4.2% for the six months ended 
30 June 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 4.5%, 4.1% and 3.2% for the years ended 31 December 2023, 
2022 and 2021, respectively. Net interest margin increased from the year 2021 to 2023 on account of rising 
interest rates, which impacted a majority of the loans granted by the Corporation with floating rates whilst 
the Corporation's borrowings were largely fixed rate borrowings. See "Description of the 
Corporation―Lending―Maturity Profile". While the Corporation continuously monitors its net interest 
exposure in accordance with its prudential guidelines, the Corporation's net interest margin could be 
adversely affected should the Corporation hold a significant portion of its loans with banks over the long-
term. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation is unable to meet its payment obligations associated with its 
financial liabilities when they fall due and to replace funds when they are withdrawn. The consequence 
may be the failure to meet its obligations to repay lenders and fulfil its commitments to lend. 
The Corporation's liquidity management process includes: (i) day-to-day funding, managed by monitoring 
future cash flows to ensure that requirements can be met; (ii) monitoring statement of financial position 
liquidity ratios against internal prudential requirements; and (iii) managing the concentration and profile of 
debt maturities. 
The Corporation holds a diversified portfolio of cash and High-Quality Liquid Assets ("HQLA") to support 
financial obligations and contingent funding in a stressed market environment. The Corporation's assets 
held for managing liquidity risk comprise the following: (i) cash and balances with banks; (ii) loans and 
advances to banks (money market placements with banks); and (iii) sovereign and corporate securities with 
a liquid secondary market. 
Monitoring and reporting take the form of daily cash flow measurement and projections. The starting point 
for those projections is an analysis of the contractual maturity of the financial liabilities and the expected 
collection date of the financial assets. 
The Corporation has a Liquidity Policy and Contingency Funding Plan that defines extensively how 
liquidity risk is to be managed within the Corporation. The policy requires that the Corporation keeps 
HQLA to covers its MLL at 12 and 18 months under "stress" and "business as usual" conditions, 
respectively. MLL, for the purpose of the Corporation, is defined as the level of liquidity that is available 
to meet the Corporation's financial obligations (repayment of borrowing, operating expenses and other 
non-cancellable debt and equity commitments) less its projected cash inflows. 
Similar to the provisions of Basel III Capital Accord on Liquidity, the Corporation has defined its Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio ("LCR") as its stock of HQLA as a proportion of its MLL, as defined above. Under both 
stress and BAU conditions, the LCR is required to be greater than 100%. 
As at 30 June 2024, the LCR was 122% (under a stress scenario) and 139% (under normal circumstances), 
in comparison to 143% (under a stress scenario) and 161% (under normal circumstances) as at 31 December 
2023. As at 31 December 2022, the Corporation's LCR was 157% (under a stress scenario) and 202% (under

--- Page 187 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 172 - 
70-41079910 
 
normal circumstances) and as at 31 December 2021, LCR was 156% (under stress scenario) and 199% 
(under normal circumstances). 
The tables below set forth the Corporation's financial instruments into relevant maturity groupings based 
on the remaining period at the statement of financial position date to the contractual maturity date as at 31 
December 2023, 2022 and 2021. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash 
flows. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
 
Carrying 
amount 
Within 1 
month 
1 to 3 
months 
3 to 6 
months 
6 to 12 
months 
1 to 2 years 
2 to 5 years 
Above 5 
years 
Gross 
Nominal 
Amount 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
 
Total Financial Assets
 ............................. 
11,854,108 
3,356,605 
1,285,388 
1,597,041 
961,821 
1,151,002 
2,701,312 
4,616,195 
15,669,364 
Total Financial 
Liabilities ............. 
8,595,248 
(77,067) 
154,544 
701,861 
681,962 
2,735,057 
3,546,439 
1,927,633 
9,670,430 
Commitments ........... 
2,525,916 
15,126 
179,355 
238,074 
1,288,371 
161,497 
605,797 
37,696 
2,525,916 
Funding gap ............. 
— 
3,418,546 
951,489 
657,106 
(1,008,512) 
(1,745,552) 
(1,450,924) 
2,650,866 
3,473,019 
Cumulative funding gap
 ............................. 
— 
3,418,546 
4,370,035 
5,027,141 
4,018,629 
2,273,077 
822,153 
3,473,019 
— 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
 
Carrying 
amount 
Within 1 
month 
1 to 3 
months 
3 to 6 
months 
6 to 12 
months 
1 to 2 years 
2 to 5 years 
Above 5 
years 
Gross 
Nominal 
Amount 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
 
Total Financial Assets
 ............................. 
10,514,486 
2,121,357 
1,242,943 
1,137,194 
1,092,825 
1,276,501 
2,629,153 
3,215,940 
12,715,913 
Total Financial 
Liabilities ............. 
7,804,590 
154,947 
51,568 
165,014 
1,027,443 
2,089,604 
2,904,328 
2,473,823 
8,866,727 
Commitments ........... 
1,717,435 
77,864 
111,063 
15,000 
127,488 
1,244,655 
94,633 
46,731 
1,717,434 
Funding gap ............. 
— 
1,888,546 
1,080,312 
957,180 
(62,106) 
(2,057,758) 
(369,808) 
695,386 
2,131,752 
Cumulative funding gap
 ............................. 
— 
1,888,546 
2,968,858 
3,926,038 
3,863,932 
1,806,174 
1,436,366 
2,131,752 
— 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
 
Carrying 
amount 
Within 1 
month 
1 to 3 
months 
3 to 6 
months 
6 to 12 
months 
1 to 2 years 
2 to 5 years 
Above 5 
years 
Gross 
Nominal 
Amount 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
 
Total Financial Assets
 ............................. 
8,550,937 
1,635,615 
503,666 
663,528 
1,462,173 
998,187 
2,317,445 
3,081,902 
10,662,517 
Total Financial 
Liabilities ............. 
6,322,765 
126,863 
50,026 
134,993 
617,907 
925,503 
2,986,582 
2,322,927 
7,164,801 
Commitments ........... 
338,968 
78,179 
— 
— 
120,883 
7,206 
54,354 
78,346 
338,968 
Funding gap ............. 
— 
1,430,574 
453,640 
528,535 
723,383 
65,478 
(723,491) 
680,629 
3,158,748 
Cumulative funding gap
 ............................. 
— 
1,430,574 
1,884,213 
2,412,748 
3,136,132 
3,201,610 
2,478,119 
3,158,748 
— 
 
The gap identified in the 6 to 12 months period will be funded with maturities from earlier periods, as 
evidenced by the cumulative funding gap contained in the table above.

--- Page 188 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 173 - 
70-41079910 
 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND 
FINANCIAL CONDITION 
The following discussion and analysis is intended to assist in the understanding and assessment of the 
trends and significant changes in the Corporation's results of operations and financial condition. Historical 
results may not indicate future performance. Some of the information in this section, including information 
in respect of the Corporation's plans and strategies for its business and expected sources of financing, 
contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties and is based on assumptions about 
the Corporation's future business. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in such 
forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, including the risks discussed in "Risk Factors" 
included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Potential investors should read "Forward-Looking Statements" for a discussion of the risks and 
uncertainties related to those statements and should also read "Risk Factors" for a discussion of certain 
factors that may affect the business, results of operations or financial condition of the Corporation. The 
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements, including accompanying 
notes, appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The financial information set out below and referred 
to this in section has been extracted without material adjustment from the Financial Statements or has been 
extracted without material adjustment from the Corporation's accounting records, which formed the 
underlying basis of the financial information included in the Financial Statements. 
Overview 
Africa Finance Corporation is a multilateral development financial institution dedicated to infrastructure 
financing in Africa, primarily through debt and equity investments, project development and financial 
advisory services. It was established and commenced operations on 1 November 2007 and is headquartered 
in Lagos, Nigeria. The Corporation is focused on bridging Africa's large infrastructure deficit by financing 
projects that have high developmental impact on the economies of African countries. Its primary goal is to 
be the leading African institution for infrastructure financing and the facilitation of international trade in 
Africa. The mission of the Corporation is to foster the economic growth and industrial development of 
African countries, while delivering a competitive return on investment to its shareholders. As part of its 
mandate, the Corporation focuses on lending to and investing in the core infrastructure sectors of power, 
natural resources, transport and logistics, heavy industry and telecommunications, which it believes are 
critical pillars for economic growth across Africa. 
The Corporation acts as both a leading financier and adviser to its clients in Africa, offering project and 
structured debt finance, trade finance, greenfield and expansion equity, as well as acquisition capital. These 
products are complemented with advisory capabilities in areas such as project development, capital raisings 
and restructurings. The Corporation has a number of strategic partnerships aimed at establishing market 
presence and recognition, which also create deal flow for the Corporation. For example, partnerships have 
been established with the Nigeria Sovereign Investment Authority and Banque Ouest Africaine de 
Développement to co-develop and finance infrastructure projects in Nigeria and Francophone West Africa, 
respectively, as well as with the U.S. Power Africa Initiative, which covers investments in the power sector 
across Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria and Tanzania. The Corporation has also established 
partnerships with: (i) the International Finance Corporation, the Netherlands Development Finance 
Company ("FMO") and the Development Bank of Southern Africa ("DBSA") among others, in order to 
foster greater co-operation among DFIs, increase efficiencies and streamline due diligence processes; (ii) 
the United Nation's Green Climate Fund ("GCF") and the Agence Française de Développement ("AFD"), 
which will improve the Corporation's competitive ability to provide financing for climate change related 
projects; and (iii) the OPEC Fund for International Development ("OFID") for infrastructure projects in 
OPEC Fund eligible countries. In October 2021, the Corporation agreed to work more closely with the 
Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency ("MIGA") in order to structure comprehensive solutions to de-
risk and support infrastructure projects in Africa and in June 2022, the Corporation and the Islamic 
Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector, a multilateral development financial institution, 
announced their intention to collaborate on financing eligible transactions in their common member 
countries. The Corporation also established a relationship with Italian development finance institution 
Cassa Despositi e Prestiti SpA to facilitate investments in renewable power, energy efficient projects and 
climate-resilient infrastructure, helping to expand Italy's global investment footprint in high-quality 
infrastructure projects in Africa. Furthermore, as part of its efforts to promote U.S. –Africa trade and to 
enhance opportunities for collaboration on projects in the renewable energy and critical minerals spaces,

--- Page 189 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 174 - 
70-41079910 
 
the Corporation signed a memorandum of understanding with Export–Import Bank of the United States, 
the official export credit agency of the United States.  
The Corporation's principal assets are loans predominantly in U.S. dollars, to borrowers in Africa and 
investment securities including liquid assets that are placed with investment grade financial institutions that 
are mostly located outside Africa, pending deployment of such funds for use in infrastructure projects in 
Africa. The Corporation's total assets and interest income increased from U.S.$8.6 billion and U.S.$384.3 
million, respectively, as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 to U.S.$12.3 billion and U.S.$780.9 
million, respectively, as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, demonstrating CAGR over the period 
of 20.1% and 42.5%, respectively (calculated for the compounding period 2021 – 2023 as the percentage 
of the square root of the end value divided by the beginning value minus one). As at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024, the Corporation's total assets and interest income were U.S.$12.2 billion and 
U.S.$525.9 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Corporation realised a profit 
of U.S.$329.7 million and total comprehensive income of U.S.$327.0 million, which has increased from 
U.S.$209.7 million and U.S.$188.2 million, respectively for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
demonstrating CAGR over the period of 25.4% and 31.8%, respectively. For the six months ended 30 June 
2024, the Corporation realised a profit of U.S.$254.6 million and total comprehensive income of 
U.S.$254.4 million, respectively. 
Factors Affecting the Corporation's Results of Operations 
The Corporation principally derives income from net interest income and fees and commission income. Net 
interest income, or the difference between the interest income the Corporation receives on its 
interest-earning assets and the interest it pays on interest-bearing liabilities, is generated principally by the 
Corporation's lending and treasury activities. The Corporation generates fees and commissions mainly from 
its project development as well as project and trade finance related transactions. In addition, a portion of 
the Corporation's fee income is derived from one-off projects, and fees received when the project reaches 
its financial close, which can lead to certain income statement volatility, from year to year. The results of 
operations of the Corporation are affected by a variety of factors. Set out below is a discussion of the most 
significant factors that have affected its results in the periods presented and which the Corporation expects 
will affect its results in the future. Factors other than those set forth below could also have a significant 
impact on the results of operations and financial condition in the future. See "Risk Factors". 
Economic and Political Environment in Africa 
The economic environment in Africa is vulnerable to market downturns and economic slowdowns both 
within the continent and elsewhere in the world. Growth in global and advanced economies has been weak 
with divergent trends in high income countries and below long-run growth levels in developing countries. 
Despite the health and economic crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and global inflationary 
pressures, according to the IMF, African economies are expected to rebound and recover moderately, with 
sub-Saharan African GDP growth projected at 3.8% for 2024 and 4% in 2025. 
Growth in Africa has been supported by strong public investment in infrastructure, increased agricultural 
production and a growing services sector. Across the continent, there has been substantial investment in 
infrastructure, including in ports, electricity capacity, and transportation. The expansion of the services 
sector led by transport, telecommunications, financial services and tourism is also helping overall economic 
growth in a number of countries. Substantial infrastructure efforts in the energy sector (Mozambique, 
Tanzania), electricity capacity (Ethiopia, Rwanda, Uganda), transportation (Ethiopia, Niger), general 
infrastructure (Côte d'Ivoire) and the resumption of donor support (Mali) are expected to sustain high 
growth rates. 
Furthermore, global inflationary pressures continue to persist and have led to a rise in the prices of food, 
energy and tradable (especially imported) goods, which has caused price increases in many African 
countries. With food and energy accounting for 50-70% of household consumption baskets across Africa, 
living costs have spiralled unsustainably. As at 2022, twelve African countries experienced double digit 
inflation - or triple digit in the case of Sudan: Sudan (245.1%); Zimbabwe (86.7%); Ethiopia (34.5%); 
Angola (23.8%); Sierra Leone (17.3%); Ghana (16.3%); Nigeria (16.1%); South Sudan (16%); Zambia 
(15.7%); São Tomé and Príncipe (14.5%); Guinea (12.7%); and Malawi (10.7%). The weighted average 
inflation for African countries accelerated to 17.6% year-on-year in January 2023, the highest for more than 
two decades. Through 2023, rising inflationary pressures were further exacerbated by currency devaluations 
across many African countries, with a third of African countries (including Angola, Malawi, Nigeria,

--- Page 190 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 175 - 
70-41079910 
 
Zambia and Zimbabwe) still facing double-digit inflation according to the IMF (based on data from 
February 2024). Although inflationary pressures continued to persist globally during the first half of 2024, 
inflation is generally on a downward trajectory and expected to decline to 5.9% in 2024 from 6.8% in 2023, 
according to the IMF's projections. 
In addition, risks associated with social and political unrest, and emerging security problems, remain a 
major threat to the economic prospects of a number of countries in the region. Despite the end of its civil 
war in 2003, the DRC continues to experience conflict in its eastern provinces. Armed conflict between the 
DRC military and rebel militias continues to destabilise the Ituri, Kusai and Kivu regions and implicate the 
neighbouring countries of Rwanda and Uganda, whose borders have been threatened by the violence. In 
South Sudan, a final ceasefire and power sharing agreement signed between the conflicting sides in August 
2018 remains tenuous, and attacks and violations has continued to disrupt oil production. In the Central 
African Republic, insecurity and large-scale displacement of persons are severely disrupting economic 
activity and livelihoods. In Nigeria, Boko Haram and the Niger Delta Avengers, both militant terrorist 
groups have resumed domestic attacks in late 2018 and continue to disrupt economic activity and stability 
in north-eastern Nigeria. Somalia has experienced some level of internal armed conflict continuously from 
1991 through the present, which recently includes ongoing bombings and attacks by the terrorist group Al-
Shabaab, mostly in Mogadishu. The activities of Al-Shabaab have also impacted its neighbouring countries, 
such as Kenya. In April 2023, an armed conflict erupted between rival factions of the military government 
of Sudan which led to multiple casualties and displacement of persons. Whilst diplomatic efforts continue 
to resolve the conflict, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, fighting continues in certain parts of Sudan, 
more than one year since the crisis began. In June 2024, a movement against controversial tax hikes 
proposed by the Kenyan government evolved into a wider campaign and demonstrations for more 
accountability in governance across the country. The demonstration which started on 18 June 2024 took a 
violent turn subsequently leading to multiple casualties. 
The results of recent elections in Member Countries have also given rise to violence. There were widespread 
protests following the 2018 general elections in Zimbabwe and at one such protest the Zimbabwean army 
opened fire on opposition protesters, killing six people. In Nigeria, the 2023 general election was marred 
by pockets of violence across the country. National elections in Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea-Conakry and 
Burundi that were held in 2020 were marred by post-election violence. In Chad, protests took place from 
February through May 2021 during which 13 people died and 50 people were injured after the President 
died and his son took power. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Chad is still under military rule though 
parliamentary and presidential elections are planned to be held between June and September 2022. In June 
2020, the commissioner of Somalia's National Independent Electoral Commission declared that due to lack 
of funding, the election could not take place on time, leading to protests in Mogadishu in December 2020. 
After disputes between the president and the prime minister caused additional delays to the election, the 
president suspended the prime minister following which armed soldiers circled the presidential palace. On 
9 January 2022, Somali leaders reached an agreement to hold elections between 15 January and 20 February 
2022. However, the electoral committee announced a postponement on 15 February, further delaying the 
presidential election until 31 March 2022, and the elections were ultimately held on 15 May 2022. Elections 
in several other African countries may result in similar episodes and slow the pace of much-needed 
structural reforms. 
In recent years, Africa has experienced a resurgence of military coups.  On 5 September 2021, a military 
coup occurred in Guinea-Conakry. The president, Alpha Conde, was captured and held hostage by special 
forces commander Mamady Doumbouya and his troops. On 1 October 2021, Mamady Doumbouya was 
sworn in as the interim president. In September 2022, Burkina Faso suffered its second coup of the year 
when former military leader, Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba, who had taken power in the earlier coup in 
January 2022, was overthrown by Ibrahim Traore, the current head of state. On 26 July 2023, a military 
coup took place in Niger which resulted in former president, Mohamed Bazoum, being overthrown and 
Abdourahamane Tiani being sworn in as president. Furthermore, in August 2023, Gabon witnessed a coup 
following a disputed election in which Ali Bongo was declared winner for a fourth term. The coup leader, 
Brice Oligui Nguema, was sworn in as transitional president. The political situation in Gabon raised 
concerns due to the Corporation's substantial investments in the country, including stakes in the NKOK 
Special Economic Zone, Leon MBA International Airport, Owendo Mineral Ports and Nouvelle Gabon 
Mining. Despite the turmoil, the Corporation's operations remained uninterrupted, highlighting their 
strategic importance to Gabon. The stability in the Corporation’s operations was further supported by 
Gabon’s membership in the Corporation which confers vital immunities and privileges to the Corporation, 
along with the country’s shareholding stake in the Corporation.

--- Page 191 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 176 - 
70-41079910 
 
African economies are still dependent on commodity exports and susceptible to fluctuations in commodity 
prices. Commodity prices are influenced by many factors, including the supply of and demand for 
commodities, speculative activities by market participants, global political and economic conditions and 
related industry cycles and production costs in major producing countries. Commodity prices may move in 
response to changes in production capacity in a particular market, for example as a new asset comes online 
or when a large producer experiences difficult operational issues or is impacted by a natural disaster. Some 
commodity prices have not yet fully recovered from sharp falls experienced in 2014. The current prices of 
many metals such as copper and iron ore are still lower than their pre-2014 levels. According to the U.S 
Energy Information Administration ("EIA"), in 2021, the average oil price (Brent crude) was U.S.$70.86 
per barrel, from an average of U.S.$41.96 per barrel in 2020, reflecting growth in global oil demand that 
outpaced near-term growth in oil production, resulting in falling global oil inventories. In 2022, oil prices 
reached their highest levels since September 2014, due primarily to the Russian invasion of Ukraine on 24 
February 2022, and the average oil price (Brent crude) was U.S.$100.08 and U.S.$82.95 per barrel in 2022 
and 2023, respectively. In January 2024, the EIA forecasted the average oil price (Brent crude) for 2024 to 
be U.S.$82.0 per barrel and for 2025 to be U.S.$79.0. 
In spite of the positive outlook of the African macroeconomic environment, the stability and growth of the 
economies of Africa depend on the continued positive effect of the factors discussed above, while some 
downside risks remain, which include areas of political instability on the continent that could adversely 
affect the economic performance of African economies and, ultimately, that of the Corporation. See "Risk 
Factors—Risks relating to the Corporation and its jurisdictions of operation—The Corporation may be 
negatively affected by significant political, legal, regulatory and social uncertainties in its jurisdictions of 
operation" and "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Corporation and its jurisdictions of operation—The 
Corporation may be materially adversely affected by economic instability and adverse business and 
operating conditions in the markets in which it conducts its investment operations". 
Interest Rates 
Changes in interest rates affect the Corporation's net interest income, borrowings and overall results of 
operations. For example, when interest rates in the United States or the Eurozone increase, the Corporation's 
cost of funding increases, which may reduce its net interest income or if there is a decreasing interest rate 
environment, investor credit risk appetite generally goes up and the Corporation would be able to incur 
borrowings at tighter credit spreads. In March 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the 
first time since 2018 and between March 2022 and July 2023, interest rates in the United States changed 
11 times, increasing to a peak of 5.50%. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the target range in the United 
States is between 4.75% to 5.00%. The Corporation's cost of funds increased to 4.6% in 2023 from 3.2% 
in 2022. In response to the current high interest rate environment for funding, the Corporation focused on 
exploring new and existing bilateral relationships in the international loan market, including DFI 
concessional financing, to diversify its funding sources. As a result, the Corporation recorded U.S.$2.4 
billion of proceeds in borrowings from other financial institutions during the year ended 2023 and total net 
borrowing of U.S.$2.4 billion, demonstrating investor confidence in its strong credit risk profile and 
broadening global appeal and further diversification of its borrowing which amounted to U.S.$8.3 billion 
as at 31 December 2023. Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Corporation's control, 
including the policies of global central banks, and adverse African and international economic and political 
conditions. Furthermore, the Corporation's intentions to expand and diversify its funding sources by 
accessing international capital markets may increase these risks. 
The Corporation is also exposed to risks resulting from mismatches between the interest rates on its 
interest-bearing liabilities and interest-earning assets. As at 30 June 2024, 38.14% of the Corporation's total 
interest bearing assets had floating interest rates as compared to 58.11% of the Corporation's total interest 
bearing liabilities and the ratio of floating rate assets to floating rate liabilities was 65.6%. As at 31 
December 2023, 33.9% of the Corporation's total interest bearing assets had floating interest rates as 
compared to 54.5% of the Corporation's total interest bearing liabilities and the ratio of floating rate assets 
to floating rate liabilities was 63.5%. As at 30 June 2024, 75.5% of the Corporation's loans and advances 
to other customers were floating rate loans compared to 79.6% at 31 December 2023. As a measure to 
manage interest rate risk, the Corporation seeks where possible to match the interest period of its assets and 
liabilities. However, it is not always possible for the Corporation to match the interest periods of its assets 
and liabilities and as a result, rising interest rates can lead to higher or lower interest margins, depending 
on whether the Corporation's interest-bearing assets reprice at a faster rate than its interest-bearing 
liabilities.

--- Page 192 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 177 - 
70-41079910 
 
The Corporation's net interest margin (calculated as interest income less interest expense, divided by the 
Corporation's average interest-bearing assets for the period) was 6.0% for the six months ended 30 June 
2024 compared to 4.2% for the same period in 2023. For the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 
2021, the Corporation's net interest margin was 4.5%, 4.1% and 3.2%, respectively. Net interest margin 
increased from 3.2% in 2021 to 4.5% in 2023 on account of rising interest rates, which impacted a majority 
of the loans granted by the Corporation with floating rates whilst the Corporation's borrowings were largely 
fixed rate borrowings. See "Description of the Corporation―Lending―Maturity Profile". While the 
Corporation continuously monitors its net interest exposure in accordance with its prudential guidelines, 
the Corporation's net interest margin could be adversely affected should the Corporation hold a significant 
portion of its loans with banks over the long-term. 
The following table sets forth the average balance of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities 
of the Corporation for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 and the year ended 31 December 2023, 
2022 and 2021. The table also sets forth the amount of interest income earned and interest expense incurred 
by the Corporation for the same periods, as well as the average interest rates at which interest income was 
earned on such assets and interest expense was incurred on such liabilities. For the purposes of this table, 
the average balances of assets for the Corporation have been calculated on the basis of yearly averages by 
calculating the average of opening and closing balances for each of the years presented. The average 
balances of liabilities for the Corporation have been calculated on the basis of quarterly averages by 
calculating the average of opening and closing balances for each quarter of the year presented. Average 
interest rate is calculated as the relevant interest income/expense amount divided by the average balance of 
corresponding asset/liability. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
 
(U.S.$'000, except %) 
Interest-earning assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks .............................  
2,832,132  
85,424  
6% 
2,379,362 
60,366 
5.1% 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss ..................................................................  
381,964  
8,923  
4.7% 
543,321 
18,991 
7.0% 
Loans and advances to other customers ..............  
4,768,015  
258,927  
10.9% 
4,045,319 
199,162 
9.8% 
Investment securities ..........................................  
2,456,286 
172,650  
14.1% 
2,101,959 
77,317 
7.4% 
Total ..................................................................  
10,438,397 
525,924 
10.8% 
9,069,958 
355,836 
7.85% 
Interest-bearing liabilities: 
Borrowings .........................................................  
8,381,354 
215,192 
5.14% 
7,260,396 
167,585 
4.62% 
Total ..................................................................  
2,057,043 
310,732 
5.14% 
1,809,565 
188,251 
4.62% 
Net interest margin...........................................  
6.0% 
4.2% 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
 
(U.S.$'000, except %) 
Interest-earning assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks .  
2,493,280 
125,787 
5.0% 
1,992,612 
46,328 
2.32% 
2,096,923 
31,206 
1.49% 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss..........  
512,271 
25,568 
5.0% 
564,333 
39,012 
6.91% 
452,879 
27,857 
6.15% 
Loans and advances to other 
customers ...........................  
4,161,959 
422,502 
10.2% 
3,477,152 
266,127 
7.65% 
2,805,965 
200,748 
7.15% 
Investment securities .............  
2,318,416 
207,047 
8.9% 
2,025,788 
183,822 
9.07% 
1,579,563 
124,492 
7.88% 
Total ................................. 
9,485,926 
780,904 
8.23% 
8,059,885 
535,289 
6.64% 
6,935,330 
384,303 
5.54% 
Interest-bearing liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings ............................  
7,593,129 
350,404 
4.61% 
6,458,914 
207,384 
3.21% 
5,748,531 
163,561 
2.85% 
Total ................................. 
1,892,797 
350,404 
4.61% 
6,458,914 
207,401 
3.21% 
5,748,531 
163,561 
2.85% 
Net interest margin ............. 
 
 
4.54% 
 
 
4.1% 
 
 
3.2%

--- Page 193 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 178 - 
70-41079910 
 
Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
The Corporation's functional currency is the U.S. dollar. However, it has investment securities portfolios 
denominated in other currencies, such as Nigerian Naira representing 9.0% and 10.7% of the Corporation's 
total assets as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, respectively. The Corporation also funds itself in 
other currencies, such as euros, Japanese yen, South African rand and Swiss Francs. Fluctuations in the 
value of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies could affect the Corporation's results of operations. To the 
extent that the Corporation has liabilities that are not denominated in the same currency as related assets, 
this can give rise to translation gains and losses as currencies appreciate or depreciate against the U.S. 
dollar. However, currency exposures resulting from the Corporation's investment portfolio are hedged in 
line with its hedging policy. See "Risk Management—Market Risk—Foreign Exchange Risk". As at 30 June 
2024, the Corporation's net open foreign exchange position was U.S.$80.8 million, representing 2.2% of 
shareholders' funds.  As at 31 December 2023, the Corporation's net open foreign exchange position was 
U.S.$26.1 million, representing 0.8% of shareholders' funds, compared to 2.5% of shareholders' funds as 
at 31 December 2022. The Corporation's net open foreign exchange position decreased mainly due to 
hedging transactions undertaken during the course of the year ended 31 December 2023. 
Results of Operations 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's results of operations for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
and 2023 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
For the six months ended 30 
June  
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Interest income .......................................... 
525,924 
355,836 
780,904 
535,289 
384,303 
Interest expense ......................................... 
(215,192) 
(167,585) 
(350,404) 
(207,401) 
(163,561) 
Net interest income ................................... 
310,732 
188,251 
430,500 
327,888 
220,742 
Credit risk insurance.................................. 
(10,774)  
(9,977) 
19,150 
(17,580) 
(19,200) 
Dividend income ....................................... 
5,238 
714 
15,557 
8,392 
3,581 
Fees, commissions and other income ........ 
30,716 
29,573 
70,567 
81,709 
54,337 
Operating income .................................... 
335,912 
208,561 
497,474 
400,409 
259,460 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss .................... 
3,399 
(7,735) 
2,448 
33,243 
62,820 
Gain/(loss) on sale of financial assets ........ 
2,049 
7,126 
20,969 
1,257 
1,565 
Net impairment charge on financial assets  
(21,940) 
(38,328) 
(64,849) 
(50,657) 
(39,475) 
Operating expenses ................................... 
(49,870) 
(42,729) 
(102,144) 
(98,333) 
(74,196) 
Profit for the year/period from 
continuing operations .......................... 
269,550 
126,895 
353,898 
285,919 
210,174 
(Loss)/profit for the year/period from 
discontinued operations ......................... 
(14,939) 
(7,300) 
(24,208) 
– 
(448) 
Profit for the year/period ........................ 
254,611 
119,595 
329,690 
285,919 
209,726 
Other comprehensive income: ................ 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that are or may be reclassified to 
profit or loss: ........................................ 
 
 
 
 
 
Net changes on FVOCI financial assets 
(equity instruments) ............................... 
(227) 
4,502 
(2,252) 
(646) 
(21,523) 
Net (loss) on FVOCI financial assets (debt 
instruments) ........................................... 
 
 
 
 
— 
Total Comprehensive Income for the 
year/period ........................................... 
254,384 
124,097 
326,969 
285,273 
188,203 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2024 as compared to six months ended 30 June 2023 
Interest Income 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's interest income for the six months ended 30 June 2024 as 
compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
From:

--- Page 194 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 179 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Loans and advances to other customers ............................................................................. 
258,927 
199,162 
Loans and advances to banks ............................................................................................ 
85,424 
60,366 
Financial assets at FVTPL ................................................................................................. 
8,923 
18,991 
Investment securities: 
 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost .................................................................................. 
172,650 
77,317 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
525,924 
355,836 
 
Interest income was U.S.$525.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, an increase of U.S.$170.1 
million, or 47.8%, from U.S.$355.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. Interest income 
increased mainly as a result of a 30.0% increase in income from loans and advances to other customers, a 
41.5% increase in loans and advances to banks and a 123.3% increase in income from investment securities. 
Interest income on loans and advances to other customers increased mainly as a result of a 76.2% 
corresponding increase in trade finance loans and an increase in the average interest rate to 10.86% for the 
period ended 30 June 2024 from 9.85% for the period ended 30 June 2023. Interest income on loans and 
advances to banks increased largely as a result of the U.S.$ 0.5 billion or 19.03% increase in average 
balances and an increase in the average interest rate to 6.03% for the period ended 30 June 2024 from 5.07% 
for the period ended 30 June 2023. The growth in interest income from investment securities was mainly 
the result of a 77.9% increase in the Corporation's sovereign debt securities in 2024, which was partially 
offset by a 16.0% decrease in the Corporation's corporate debt securities and an increase in the average 
interest rate to 14.1% for the period ended 30 June 2024 from 7.4% for the period ended 30 June 2023.  
Interest Expense 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's interest expense for the six months ended 30 June 2024 as 
compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Borrowings from financial institutions .............................................................................. 
157,629 
106,990 
Corporate bonds ................................................................................................................ 
57,563 
60,595 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
215,192 
167,585 
 
Interest expense was U.S.$215.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, an increase of U.S.$47.6 
million, or 28.4%, from U.S.$167.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. Interest expense 
increased mainly as a result of the Corporation's higher cost of funding (its cost of funding increased to 
5.3% in the period ended 30 June 2024 from 4.6% in the period ended 30 June 2023) and increased 
borrowing by 6.1% or U.S.$0.5 billion in the period ended 30 June 2024. 
Net Interest Income 
As a result of the foregoing, net interest income was U.S.$310.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 
2024, an increase of U.S.$122.5 million, or 65.1%, from U.S.$188.3 million for the six months ended 30 
June 2023. 
Credit Risk Insurance 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's credit risk insurance for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
as compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Credit risk insurance premium .......................................................................................... 
10,774  
9,977 
 
Credit risk insurance premium was U.S.$10.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, an increase 
of U.S.$0.8 million, or 8.0%, from U.S.$10.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. Credit risk

--- Page 195 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 180 - 
70-41079910 
 
insurance premium increased mainly as a result of an increase in the amount of risk assets insured during 
the period as the underlying loans continue to amortise. 
Dividend Income 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's dividend income for the six months ended 30 June 2024 as 
compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Equity securities at FVOCI ............................................................................................... 
298 
714 
Equity securities at FVTPL ............................................................................................... 
4,940 
- 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
5,238 
714 
 
Dividend income was U.S.$5.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, an increase of U.S.$4.5 
million, or 633.6%, from U.S.$0.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. This increase in dividend 
income was mainly a result of the U.S.$4.2 million dividend payment received by the Corporation from the 
Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company Limited during the six months ended 30 June 2024. 
Fees, Commissions and Other Income 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's fees, commissions and other income for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024 as compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Risk participation and commitment fees ........................................................................... 
13,293 
10,249 
Advisory and structuring fees ............................................................................................ 
9,950 
14,615 
Facility and other fees ....................................................................................................... 
7,473 
4,709 
Development fees .............................................................................................................. 
 
 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
30,716 
29,573 
 
Fees, commissions and other income was U.S.$30.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, an 
increase of U.S.$1.1 million, or 3.9%, from U.S.$29.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The 
increase was mainly a result of a 29.7% increase in risk participation and commitment fees and 58.7% 
increase in facility and other fees which was partly offset by a 31.9% or U.S.$4.6 million decrease in 
advisory and structuring fees. Risk participation and commitment fees increased mainly as a result of fees 
earned from the National Bank of Egypt on unfunded risk participation for providing guarantees and letter 
of credit services. Facility and other fees increased mainly as a result of a loan prepayment penalty from 
Société Concessionnaire du Pont Riviera-Marcory ("SOCOPRIM") amounting to U.S.$3.2 million. 
Advisory and structuring fees decreased mainly as result of lesser fees earned on deals closed during the 
year. 
Operating Income 
Operating income was U.S.$335.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, an increase of U.S.$127.4 
million, or 61.1%, from U.S.$208.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. Operating income 
increased mainly as a result of an increase of U.S.$170.1 million, or 47.8%, in interest income and an 
increase of U.S.$4.5 million, or 633.6%, in dividend income for the six months ended 30 June 2024. 
Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's net gains on financial instruments for the six months ended 
30 June 2024 as compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Equity investments .........................................................................................................  
18,558 
4,067

--- Page 196 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 181 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Hybrid instruments .........................................................................................................  
3,129 
(8,941) 
Assets under management ..............................................................................................  
501 
433 
Derivatives held for risk management purposes: 
 
 
Interest rate .................................................................................................................  
1,923 
5,451 
Cross currency swap ...................................................................................................  
561,120 
633,022 
Foreign exchange ........................................................................................................  
(581,832) 
(641,767) 
Total ..............................................................................................................................  
3,399 
(7,735) 
 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss was U.S.$3.4 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024, compared to a loss of U.S.$7.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
The change was mainly a result of U.S.$14.5 million in gains recorded on valuation of equity instruments 
carried at FVTPL compared to a gain of U.S.$4.1 million in 2023. Hybrid instruments recorded a gain of 
U.S.$3.1 million in 2024 compared to a loss of U.S.$8.9 million in 2023. These gains were partially offset 
by a net loss of U.S.$2.2 million on derivative financial instruments for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
compared to a net loss of U.S.$4.7 million. 
Impairment charge on financial assets 
Impairment charges on financial assets were U.S.$21.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, a 
decrease of U.S.$16.4 million, or 42.8%, from U.S.$38.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
The Corporation's loan loss reserve ratio was 4.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2024. 
Gains/losses on sale of financial assets 
The Corporation registered a net gain on disposal of financial assets of U.S.$2.0 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024, a decrease of U.S.$5.1 million, or 71.2%, from U.S.$7.1 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2023. This decrease was mainly a result of the lower volume of financial assets sold for the 
six months ended 30 June 2024 as compared to volume of sales for the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
Operating Expenses 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's operating expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
as compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023(1) 
 
(Unaudited) 
(U.S.$'000) 
Staff cost: 
 
 
Wages and salaries ......................................................................................................  
33,804 
30,602 
Post-employment benefits ...........................................................................................  
2,061 
952 
Other employee benefits ..............................................................................................  
1,173 
1,157 
Other operating expenses: 
 
 
- Rent, rates and utilities ..........................................................................................  
125 
136 
- Insurance ...............................................................................................................  
232 
267 
- Advertising and business promotion ......................................................................  
1,888 
1,409 
- Auditor's remuneration ..........................................................................................  
250 
150 
- Communication .....................................................................................................  
825 
577 
- Travel ....................................................................................................................  
600 
473 
- Board expenses, including directors' fees ..............................................................  
1,681 
1,333 
- Training, seminars and conferences .......................................................................  
1,043 
544 
- Repairs and maintenance .......................................................................................  
41 
41 
- Project and other transaction fees ..........................................................................  
1,260 
501 
- Consultancy fees....................................................................................................  
1,746 
1,014 
- Other expenses ......................................................................................................  
1,820 
1,814 
- Depreciation and amortisation ...............................................................................  
1,321 
1,759 
Total ...........................................................................................................................  
49,870 
42,729 
 _______________  
(1) Figures for 2023 have been presented in accordance with the Interim Financial Statements. See the 2023 Financial Statements set 
out in the F-Pages for the year end presentation. 
Operating expenses were U.S.$49.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, an increase of U.S.$7.1 
million, or 16.7%, from U.S.$42.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The increase in operating

--- Page 197 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 182 - 
70-41079910 
 
expenses was mainly a result of the recruitment of 10 new employees, the promotion of 13 employees and 
the full year impact of the salaries of employees recruited towards the end of 2023. Cost to income ratio 
remained steady at 14.6%, well within the Corporation’s prudential target. 
Profit/loss from discontinued operations 
The Corporation recorded a loss from discontinued operations of U.S.$14.9 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024 compared to a loss of U.S.$7.3 for the same period in 2023. The loss was mainly due 
to other operating expenses incurred with no operating income to offset it during the period. This was 
marginally offset by other income recorded during the period. 
Profit for the period 
Profit for the period was U.S.$254.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, an increase of 
U.S.$135.0 million, or 112.9%, from U.S.$119.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. This 
increase was mainly a result of an increase of U.S.$127.4 million in operating income. This increase was 
partially offset by an increase in interest expenses of U.S.$47.6 million, or 28.4%, and an increase in 
operating expenses of U.S.$7.1 million, or 16.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2024. 
Net loss on FVOCI financial assets (equity instruments) 
Net loss on FVOCI financial assets (equity instruments) was U.S.$0.2 million for the six months ended 30 
June 2024, a decrease of U.S.$4.7 million, or 105.0%, as compared to U.S.$4.5 million gain for the six 
months ended 30 June 2023. This loss was mainly a result of the market outlook for the investments carried 
at FVOCI during the six months ended 30 June 2024 resulting in a lower valuation. 
Total Comprehensive Income for the period 
As a result of the foregoing, total comprehensive income for the period was U.S.$254.4 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024, an increase of U.S.$130.3 million, or 105.0%, from U.S.$124.1 million for 
the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
Year ended 31 December 2023 as compared to Year ended 31 December 2022  
Interest Income 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's interest income for the year ended 31 December 2023 as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
From: 
 
 
Loans and advances to other customers ............................................................................. 
422,502 
266,127 
Loans and advances to banks ............................................................................................ 
125,787 
46,328 
Financial assets at FVTPL ................................................................................................. 
25,568 
39,012 
Investment securities: 
 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost .................................................................................. 
207,047 
183,822 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
780,904 
535,289 
 
Interest income was U.S.$780.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of U.S.$245.6 
million, or 45.9%, from U.S.$535.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Interest income 
increased as a result of a 58.8% or U.S.$156.4 million increase in income from loans and advances to other 
customers a 171.5% or U.S.$79.5 million increase in income from loans and advances to banks and a 12.6% 
or U.S.$23.2 million increase in income from investment securities. Interest income on loans and advances 
to other customers increased mainly as a result of a 17.5% or U.S.$567.1 million corresponding increase in 
project finance loans and an increase in the average interest rate to 10.15% for the year ended 31 December 
2023 from 7.65% for the year ended 31 December 2022. The growth in interest income from loans and 
advances to banks was mainly the result of an increase in the average interest rate to 5.05% for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 from 2.32% for the year ended 31 December 2022. Interest income from 
investment securities increased by 12.6% or U.S.$23.2 million as a result of a corresponding 31.9% or 
U.S.$816.1 million increase in sovereign debt securities largely as a result of the U.S.$0.6 million increase

--- Page 198 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 183 - 
70-41079910 
 
in US treasury bills held by the Corporation in line with the Corporation’s treasury management strategy 
for the year ended 31 December 2023.  
Interest Expense 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's interest expense for the year ended 31 December 2023 as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Borrowings from financial institutions .............................................................................. 
226.767 
84,086 
Corporate bonds ................................................................................................................ 
123,637 
123,298 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
350,404 
207,384 
 
Interest expense was U.S.$350.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of U.S.$143.0 
million, or 69.0%, from U.S.$207.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Interest expense 
increased mainly as a result of the Corporation's higher cost of funding, which increased to 46% in the year 
ended 31 December 2023 from 3.1% in the year ended 31 December 2022, and an increase of 10.0% or 
U.S.$0.8 billion in the Corporation's borrowings in the year ended 31 December 2023. 
Net Interest Income 
As a result of the foregoing, net interest income was U.S.$430.5 million for the year ended 31 December 
2023, an increase of U.S.$102.6 million, or 31.3%, from U.S.$327.9 million for the year ended 
31 December 2022. 
Credit Risk Insurance 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's credit risk insurance for the year ended 31 December 2023 
as compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Credit risk insurance premium .......................................................................................... 
19,150 
17,580 
 
Credit risk insurance premium was U.S.$19.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of 
U.S.$1.6 million, or 8.9%, from U.S.$17.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase is a 
result of additional risk assets insured resulting in additional premium of U.S.$1.8 million. This was 
partially offset by a U.S.$0.3 million reduction in premiums paid as the underlying loans continue to 
amortise. 
Dividend Income 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's dividend income for the year ended 31 December 2023 as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Equity securities at FVOCI ............................................................................................... 
9,846 
1,416 
Equity securities at FVTPL ............................................................................................... 
5,711 
6,976 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
15,557 
8,392 
 
Dividend income was U.S.$15.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of U.S.$7.2 
million, or 85.4%, from U.S.$8.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. This increase in dividend 
income was mainly driven by a U.S.$6.4 million aggregate increase in dividends received from investee 
entities in 2023 (particularly from Trans African Concessions, SOCOPRIM, Cenpower Operations and 
Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company Limited) compared to 2022.

--- Page 199 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 184 - 
70-41079910 
 
Fees, Commissions and Other Income 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's fees, commissions and other income for the year ended 
31 December 2023 as compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Risk participation and commitment fees ........................................................................... 
35,129 
32,004 
Advisory and structuring fees ............................................................................................ 
16,156 
33,642 
Facility and other fees ....................................................................................................... 
12,907 
10,503 
Development fees .............................................................................................................. 
6,375 
5,560 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
70,567 
81,709 
 
Fees, commissions and other income was U.S.$70.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, a 
decrease of U.S.$11.1 million, or 13.6%, from U.S.$81.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
The decrease was mainly a result of U.S.$17.5 million, or 52.0% decrease in advisory and structuring fees 
in the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 due to the one-off deals closing 
in the year ended 2022. This decrease was partially offset by slight increases in risk participation and 
commitment fees, facility and other fees and development fees. 
Operating Income 
Operating income was U.S.$497.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of U.S.$97.1 
million, or 24.2%, from U.S.$400.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Operating income 
increased mainly as a result of an increase of U.S.$245.6 million, or 45.9%, in interest income and an 
increase of U.S.$7.2 million, or 85.4%, in dividend income in the year ended 31 December 2023. 
Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's net gains on financial instruments for the year ended 31 
December 2023 as compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Equity investments .........................................................................................................  
48,892 
118,777 
Hybrid instruments .........................................................................................................  
(17,389) 
(55,135) 
Assets under management ..............................................................................................  
784 
(1,382) 
Derivatives held for risk management purposes: 
 
 
Interest rate .................................................................................................................  
6,585 
(4,945) 
Cross currency swap ...................................................................................................  
950,220 
68,906 
Foreign exchange ........................................................................................................  
(986,644) 
(92,978) 
Total ..............................................................................................................................  
2,448 
33,243 
 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss was U.S.$2.4 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2023, a decrease of U.S.$30.8 million, or 92.6%, from U.S.$33.2 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. The decrease was mainly a result of a U.S.$986.6 million loss recorded on 
foreign exchange derivatives compared to a loss of U.S.$93.0 million in 2022 and a loss of U.S.$17.0 
million recorded on the valuation of hybrid loans. The foreign exchange losses recorded was a result of the 
18.0% and 115.2% depreciation of the Ghanian and Nigerian currencies, respectively. These losses were 
partially offset by an increase in gains recorded on cross currency swap derivatives, which increased by 
U.S.$881.3 million, or 1279.0%, in the year ended 31 December 2023, a gain of U.S.$49.0 million on the 
valuation of equity investments and a derivative valuation gain on interest rate swaps of U.S.$6.6 million. 
Impairment charge on financial assets 
Impairment charges on financial assets were U.S.$64.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, an 
increase of U.S.$14.2 million, or 28.0% from U.S.$50.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The 
growth in impairment primarily reflects the growth in financial assets including gross loans that increased 
by 18.7% or U.S.$713.0 million.

--- Page 200 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 185 - 
70-41079910 
 
Gains/losses on sale of financial assets 
The Corporation registered a net gain on disposal of equity securities and debt securities of U.S.$21.0 
million for the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of U.S.$19.7 million, or 1,568.2%, from U.S.$1.3 
million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The gain recorded on the sale of equity securities resulted 
from the strategic sale of the Corporation’s equity investment in Atlantic Terminal Services Limited whilst 
the sale of debt securities was to leverage favourable market conditions during the year.   
Operating Expenses 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2023 
as compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Staff cost: 
 
 
Wages and salaries .........................................................................................................  
68,948 
64,564 
Post-employee benefits ..................................................................................................  
3,424 
7,867 
Other employee benefits .................................................................................................  
3,186 
3,166 
Other operating expenses: 
 
 
- Rent, rates and utilities .............................................................................................  
273 
287 
- Insurance ..................................................................................................................  
452 
128 
- Advertising and business promotion .........................................................................  
4,773 
6,558 
- Auditor's remuneration .............................................................................................  
440 
273 
- Communication ........................................................................................................  
1,412 
1,533 
- Travel .......................................................................................................................  
754 
1,229 
- Board expenses, including directors' fees .................................................................  
2,701 
1,988 
- Training, seminars and conferences ..........................................................................  
2,168 
1,477 
- Repairs and maintenance ..........................................................................................  
85 
118 
- Project and other transaction fees .............................................................................  
2,926 
1,856 
- Consultancy fees.......................................................................................................  
3,476 
2,229 
- Other expenses .........................................................................................................  
3,606 
1,538 
- Depreciation and amortisation ..................................................................................  
3,520 
3,522 
Total ..............................................................................................................................  
102,144 
98,333 
 
Operating expenses were U.S.$102.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of U.S.$3.8 
million, or 3.9%, from U.S.$98.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase in operating 
expenses was primarily due to the full-year impact of the wages and salaries of 17 staff members recruited 
in 2022, the partial-year impact of the wages and salaries of 10 employees hired in 2023 and the impact of 
promotions for 13 employees during the year. This increase was largely offset by the post-employment 
benefit cost due to the amendment of the scheme in 2022. Cost to income ratio remained steady at 19.6%, 
well within the Corporation’s prudential target. 
Profit from discontinued operations 
The Corporation recorded a loss from discontinued operations of U.S.$24.2 million for the year ended 31 
December 2023. The loss was mainly due to higher operational costs associated with wages and salaries, 
consultant fees and expenses incurred for the operation and maintenance of a Floating Production, Storage 
and Offloading vessel which were not sufficiently offset by revenue generated during the period. 
Profit for the year 
Profit for the year was U.S.$329.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, an increase of U.S.$43.8 
million, or 15.3%, from U.S.$285.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. This increase was mainly 
as a result of increase in operating income, gain on sale of financial assets and net gain/(loss) on financial 
instruments at fair value of U.S.$97.1 million, U.S.$21.0 million and U.S.$2.4 million, respectively. This 
increase was partially offset by an increase in interest expenses by U.S.$143.0 million, or 69.0%, an 
increase in operating expenses of U.S.$3.8 million, or 3.9%. 
Net loss on FVOCI financial assets (equity instruments) 
Net loss on FVOCI financial assets (equity instruments) was U.S.$2.7 million for the year ended 31 
December 2023, an increase of U.S.$2.1 million, or 321.2%, as compared to U.S.$0.6 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. This increase was mainly as a result of the higher fair value gains recorded on

--- Page 201 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 186 - 
70-41079910 
 
equity investments carried at FVOCI which was driven by positive market outlook for these investments in 
the year ended 31 December 2023. 
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 
As a result of the foregoing, total comprehensive income for the year was U.S.$327.0 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2023, an increase of U.S.$41.7 million, or 14.6%, from U.S.$285.3 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. 
Year ended 31 December 2022 as compared to Year ended 31 December 2021 
Interest Income 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's interest income for the year ended 31 December 2022 as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
From: 
 
 
Loans and advances to other customers ............................................................................. 
266,127 
200,748 
Loans and advances to banks ............................................................................................ 
46,328 
31,206 
Financial assets at FVTPL ................................................................................................. 
39,012 
27,857 
Investment securities: 
 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost .................................................................................. 
183,822 
124,492 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
535,289 
384,303 
 
Interest income was U.S.$535.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of U.S.$151.0 
million, or 39.3%, from U.S.$384.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. Interest income 
increased mainly as a result of a 32.6% increase in income from loans and advances to other customers and 
a 47.7% increase in income from investment securities. Interest income on loans and advances to other 
customers increased mainly as a result of a 22% corresponding increase in project finance loans and an 
increase in the average interest rate to 7.7% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 7.2% for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. The growth in interest income from investment securities was mainly the result 
of a 122.7% increase in the Corporation's sovereign debt securities in 2022, which was partially offset by a 
19.5% decrease in the Corporation's corporate debt securities and an increase in the average interest rate to 
9.1% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 7.9% for the year ended 31 December 2021. Interest 
income on financial assets at FVTPL increased mainly as a result of an increase in the average interest rate 
to 6.9% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 6.2% for the year ended 31 December 2021. Interest 
income from loans and advances to banks increased by 48.5% or U.S.$15.1 million as a result of an increase 
in the average interest rate to 2.3% for the year ended 31 December 2022 from 1.5% for the year ended 31 
December 2021. 
Interest Expense 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's interest expense for the year ended 31 December 2022 as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Borrowings from financial institutions .............................................................................. 
84,086 
50,186 
Corporate bonds ................................................................................................................ 
123,298 
113,375 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
207,384 
163,561 
 
Interest expense was U.S.$207.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of U.S.$43.8 
million, or 26.8%, from U.S.$163.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. Interest expense 
increased mainly as a result of the Corporation's higher cost of funding, increasing to 3.2% in the year 
ended 31 December 2022 from 2.9% in the year ended 31 December 2021 and increased borrowing book 
by 22.3% or U.S.$1.4 billion in the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 202 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 187 - 
70-41079910 
 
Net Interest Income 
As a result of the foregoing, net interest income was U.S.$327.9 million for the year ended 31 December 
2022, an increase of U.S.$107.1 million, or 48.5%, from U.S.$220.7 million for the year ended 
31 December 2021. 
Credit Risk Insurance 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's credit risk insurance for the year ended 31 December 2022 
as compared to the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Credit risk insurance premium .......................................................................................... 
17,580 
19,200 
 
Credit risk insurance premium was U.S.$17.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, a decrease of 
U.S.$1.6 million, or 8.4%, from U.S.$19.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. Credit risk 
insurance premium decreased mainly as a result of a decrease in the amount of risk assets insured during 
the year as the underlying loans continue to amortise. 
Dividend Income 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's dividend income for the year ended 31 December 2022 as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Equity securities at FVOCI ............................................................................................... 
1,416 
1,503 
Equity securities at FVTPL ............................................................................................... 
6,976 
2,078 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
8,392 
3,581 
 
Dividend income was U.S.$8.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of U.S.$4.8 
million, or 134.3%, from U.S.$3.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. This increase in dividend 
income was mainly a result of dividends received from two investee companies, Nouvelle Gabon Mining 
and Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Limited, which paid aggregate dividends of U.S.$5.3 million in 2022 
in comparison to no declared dividends paid by these companies in 2021. 
Fees, Commissions and Other Income 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's fees, commissions and other income for the year ended 
31 December 2022 as compared to the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Risk participation and commitment fees ........................................................................... 
32,004 
9,511 
Advisory and structuring fees ............................................................................................ 
33,642 
27,020 
Facility and other fees ....................................................................................................... 
10,503 
17,345 
Development fees .............................................................................................................. 
5,560 
461 
Total ................................................................................................................................. 
81,709 
54,337 
 
Fees, commissions and other income was U.S.$81.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, an 
increase of U.S.$27.4 million, or 50.4%, from U.S.$54.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
The increase was mainly a result of a 236.5% increase in risk participation and commitment fees and 24.5% 
increase in advisory and structuring fees in 2022. Risk participation and commitment fees increased mainly 
as a result of fees earned from the BOI and West Africa Energy for providing guarantees and letter of credit 
services. Advisory and structuring fees increased mainly as result of structuring fees earned on deals closed 
during the year. Facility and other fees decreased mainly as a result of non-recurring recovery fees from 
Athi River Mining booked in 2021. Development fees increased mainly as a result of the fees earned from 
the development of West Africa Energy and Arise PCC.

--- Page 203 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 188 - 
70-41079910 
 
Operating Income 
Operating income was U.S.$400.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of U.S.$140.9 
million, or 54.3%, from U.S.$259.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. Operating income 
increased mainly as a result of an increase of U.S.$151.0 million, or 39.3%, in interest income and an 
increase of U.S.$27.4 million, or 50.4%, in fees, commissions and other income in the year ended 31 
December 2022. 
Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's net gains on financial instruments for the year ended 31 
December 2022 as compared to the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Equity investments .........................................................................................................  
118,777 
41,316 
Hybrid instruments .........................................................................................................  
(55,135) 
7,290 
Assets under management ..............................................................................................  
(1,382) 
(258) 
Derivatives held for risk management purposes: 
 
 
Interest rate .................................................................................................................  
(4,945) 
(94) 
Cross currency swap ...................................................................................................  
68,906 
44,626 
Foreign exchange ........................................................................................................  
(92,978) 
(30,060) 
Total ..............................................................................................................................  
33,243 
62,820 
 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss was U.S.$33.2 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, a decrease of U.S.$29.6 million, or 47.1%, from U.S.$62.8 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. The decrease was mainly as a result of U.S.$92.9 million in losses recorded on 
foreign exchange derivatives compared to a loss of U.S.$30.1 million in 2021 and U.S.$55.1 million losses 
recorded on hybrid instruments in 2022 compared to a U.S.$7.3 million gain recorded in 2021. These losses 
were partially offset by an increase in gains recorded on equity investments carried at FVTPL, which 
increased by U.S.$77.5 million, or 187.5%, in the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Impairment charge on financial assets 
Impairment charges on financial assets were U.S.$50.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, an 
increase of U.S.$11.2 million, or 28.3% from U.S.$39.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021.  The 
Corporation's loan loss reserve ratio was 3.3% for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Gains/losses on sale of financial assets 
The Corporation registered a net gain on disposal of equity securities and debt securities of U.S.$1.3 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2022, a decrease of U.S.$0.3 million, or 19.7%, from U.S.$1.6 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2021. This decrease was mainly as a result of the lower gains recorded on the 
sale of securities sold in the year ended 31 December 2022 as compared to U.S.$1.6 million disposal of 
debt securities for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Operating Expenses 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2022 
as compared to the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
Staff cost: 
 
 
Wages and salaries .........................................................................................................  
64,564 
44,179 
Post-employee benefits ..................................................................................................  
7,867 
8,564 
Other employee benefits .................................................................................................  
3,166 
5,022 
Other operating expenses: 
 
 
- Rent, rates and utilities .............................................................................................  
287 
180 
- Insurance ..................................................................................................................  
128 
88 
- Advertising and business promotion .........................................................................  
6,558 
1,504 
- Auditor's remuneration .............................................................................................  
273 
260 
- Communication ........................................................................................................  
1,533 
1,469

--- Page 204 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 189 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$'000) 
- Travel .......................................................................................................................  
1,229 
659 
- Board expenses, including directors' fees .................................................................  
1,988 
2,176 
- Training, seminars and conferences ..........................................................................  
1,477 
683 
- Repairs and maintenance ..........................................................................................  
118 
71 
- Project and other transaction fees .............................................................................  
1,856 
1,049 
- Consultancy fees.......................................................................................................  
2,229 
1,617 
- Other expenses .........................................................................................................  
1,538 
3,085 
- Depreciation and amortisation ..................................................................................  
3,522 
3,590 
Total ..............................................................................................................................  
98,333 
74,196 
 
Operating expenses were U.S.$98.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of U.S.$24.1 
million, or 32.5%, from U.S.$74.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. The increase in operating 
expenses was mainly as a result of the recruitment of 17 new employees, the provision made for employee 
bonuses, general increase in staff salary, the promotion of 32 employees and the full year impact of the 
salaries of employees recruited towards the end of 2022. 
Profit from discontinued operations 
The Corporation recorded a loss from discontinued operations of U.S.$0.4 million for the year ended 31 
December 2021. The loss in 2021 was mainly due to the partial disposal of the Corporation's interests in 
Cabeolica, S.A. 
Profit for the year 
Profit for the year was U.S.$285.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of U.S.$76.2 
million, or 36.3%, from U.S.$209.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. This increase was mainly 
as a result of increase in operating income of U.S.$140.9 million. This increase was partially offset by an 
increase in interest expenses of U.S.$43.8 million, or 26.8%, an increase in operating expenses of U.S.$24.1 
million, or 32.5%, and an increase in net impairment charge on financial assets of U.S.$11.2 million, or 
28.3% for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Net loss on FVOCI financial assets (equity instruments) 
Net loss on FVOCI financial assets (equity instruments) was U.S.$0.6 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022, a decrease of U.S.$20.9 million, or 97.0%, as compared to U.S.$21.5 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. This decrease was mainly as a result of higher fair value gains recorded on equity 
investments carried at FVOCI and offset by fair value losses recorded. This was driven by the rise in the 
market outlook for these investments in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 
As a result of the foregoing, total comprehensive income for the year was U.S.$285.3 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, an increase of U.S.$97.1 million, or 51.6%, from U.S.$188.2 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. 
Changes in Financial Condition 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024 and as at 
31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks .................................................  
27,582 
6,711 
122,682 
49,296 
Loans and advances to banks ..................................................  
859,751 
1,371,103 
1,372,568 
1,841,697 
Derivative financial instruments .............................................  
166,452 
263,391 
184,370 
107,098 
Loans and advances to other customers ..................................  
4,755,529 
4,283,292 
3,612,264 
2,980,856 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss .................  
1,614,840 
1,601,402 
1,623,954 
1,488,564 
Investment securities ..............................................................  
3,815,751 
3,783,322 
2,920,560 
1,607,923 
Pledged assets .........................................................................  
449,450 
521,039 
611,209 
409,485 
Other assets ............................................................................  
33,081 
23,848 
72,593 
70,761 
Property and equipment ..........................................................  
3,996 
5,087 
7,046 
8,070

--- Page 205 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 190 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Intangible assets .....................................................................  
187 
200 
566 
1,135 
Non-current assets held for sale ..............................................  
466,611 
478,713 
— 
— 
Total assets ............................................................................  
12,193,230 
12,345,137 
10,527,812 
8,564,885 
Liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities ....................................  
197,686 
188,576 
187,890 
126,303 
Derivative financial instruments .............................................  
76,282 
128,914 
72,281 
13,799 
Borrowings .............................................................................  
8,017,439 
8,324,483 
7,568,205 
6,186,020 
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale ......  
285,206 
282,472 
— 
— 
Total liabilities ......................................................................  
8,576,614 
8,924,445 
7,828,376 
6,326,122 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
Share capital ...........................................................................  
1,551,716 
1,537,719 
1,290,527 
1,171,176 
Share premium .......................................................................  
438,556 
423,675 
184,018 
66,432 
Share warrants ........................................................................  
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
Retained earnings ...................................................................  
1,453,591 
1,286,318 
1,049,190 
824,808 
Fair value reserves ..................................................................  
(27,247) 
(27,020) 
(24,299) 
(23,653) 
Total equity ...........................................................................  
3,616,616 
3,420,692 
2,699,436 
2,238,763 
Total liabilities and equity ....................................................  
12,193,230 
12,345,137 
10,527,812 
8,564,885 
 
Cash and balances with banks 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's cash and balances with banks as at 30 June 2024 and as at 
31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Cash in hand ..........................................................  
19 
30 
43 
33 
Balances with commercial banks ..........................  
27,563 
6,681 
122,639 
49,263 
Total .....................................................................  
27,582 
6,711 
122,682 
49,296 
 
As at 30 June 2024, cash and balances with banks were U.S.$27.6 million, an increase of U.S.$20.9 million, 
or 311.0%, from U.S.$6.7 million as at 31 December 2023, which rose due to funds received later than the 
cut-off for investment as at 30 June 2024. 
As at 31 December 2023, cash and balances with banks were U.S.$6.7 million, a decrease of U.S.$116.0 
million, or 94.5%, from U.S.$122.7 million as at 31 December 2022, which rose due to funds received later 
than cut-off date for investment as at 30 December 2022. 
As at 31 December 2022, cash and balances with banks were U.S.$122.7 million, an increase of U.S.$73.4 
million, or 148.9%, from U.S.$49.3 million as at 31 December 2021, which rose due to funds received later 
than the cut-off for investment on 31 December 2022. 
Loans and advances to banks 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's loans and advances to banks as at 30 June 2024 and as at 
31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June  
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Placement with banks 
865,136 
1,376,627 
1,374,933 
1,844,666 
Impairment 
(5,385) 
(5,524) 
(2,365) 
(2,969) 
Total ............................................................................  
859,751 
1,371,103 
1,372,568 
1,842,697 
As at 30 June 2024, loans and advances to banks were U.S.$859.8 million compared to U.S.$1,371.1 million 
as at 31 December 2023. The decrease in loans and advances to banks as at 30 June 2024 compared to 31 
December 2023 was mainly due to the deployment of funds in line with the Corporation's investment 
strategy for investment in U.S. Treasuries. 
As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, loans and advances to banks were U.S.$1,372.6 million and 
U.S.$1,841.7 million respectively. The decrease in loans and advances to banks in 2023 compared to 2022

--- Page 206 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 191 - 
70-41079910 
 
was mainly due to the deployment of funds for investment in loans and advances to other customers and 
investment in US Treasuries (investment securities) while the decrease in loans and advances to banks in 
2022 compared to 2021 was mainly due to the deployment of funds for investment in US Treasuries 
(investment securities). 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as at 30 
June 2024 and as at 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June  
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Designated at initial recognition 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities(1) .......................................................  
316,856 
307,132 
538,070 
542,751 
Equity securities .......................................................  
1,275,756 
1,272,022 
1,066,047 
924,817 
Assets under management(2) ......................................  
22,228 
22,248 
19,837 
20,996 
Total ............................................................................  
1,614,840 
1,601,402 
1,623,954 
1,488,564 
 _______________  
(1) Debt securities include hybrid instruments and other debt securities at fair value through profit or loss. The hybrid instruments 
include a conversion option which results in no closely related risks inherent in the host contract. The Corporation therefore 
designated the instrument as financial asset at fair value through profit or loss. 
(2) Assets under management represent funds that are managed by a third party investment company on a discretionary basis. The 
portfolio comprises of marketable debt securities with observable prices and is managed on a fair value basis. 
As at 30 June 2024, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss were U.S.$1,614.8 million, an 
increase of U.S.$13.4 million, or 0.8% from, U.S.$1,601.4 million as at 31 December 2023. This increase 
was mainly a result of the 3.2% or U.S.$9.7 million increase in debt securities instruments and 0.3% or 
U.S.$3.7 million increase in equity instruments measured at FVTPL. The increase in debt securities was 
due to additional investments purchased during the period amounting to U.S.$15.1 million, the sale of 
investments of U.S.$8.5 million and the net revaluation gain of U.S.$3.1 million. The increase in equity 
instruments at FVTPL was largely due to the revaluation gain of U.S.$3.7 million. 
As at 31 December 2023, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss were U.S.$1,601.4 million, a 
decrease of U.S.$22.6 million, or 1.4% from, U.S.$1,624 million as at 31 December 2022. This decrease 
was mainly a result of a U.S.$230.9 million or 42.9% decrease in debt securities which was due to the 
reclassification of a debt instrument carried at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) to assets held for 
sale and discontinued operations following the acquisition of a 100% interest in the underlying asset during 
the year. 
As at 31 December 2022, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss were U.S.$1,624 million, an 
increase of U.S.$135.4 million, or 9.1% from, U.S.$1,488.6 million as at 31 December 2021. This increase 
was mainly a result of the 15.3% or U.S.$141.2 million increase in equity instruments, which was due to 
additional and new purchase of shares totalling U.S.$41.1 million, with Infinity Energy being the largest 
with U.S.$35.2 million invested. Major drivers of the fair value net gains recorded in 2022 were from 
Nouvelle Gabon Mining and Arise Ports and Logistics amounting in the aggregate to U.S.$115.9 million. 
Loans and advances to other customers 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's loans and advances to other customers as at 30 June 2024 
and as at 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Project finance loans ...................................................  
3,951,881 
3,804,129 
3,237,009 
2,652,231 
Advances under trade finance .....................................  
1,065,579 
714,440 
568,340 
496,724 
 
5,017,460 
4,518,569 
3,805,349 
3,148,955 
Impairment allowance: 
 
 
 
 
- Project finance .......................................................  
(226,206) 
(211,018) 
(171,684) 
(152,920)

--- Page 207 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 192 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
- Trade finance .........................................................  
(35,725) 
(24,259) 
(21,401) 
(15,179) 
(261,931) 
(235,277) 
(193,085) 
(168,099) 
Total ...........................................................................  
4,755,529 
4,283,292 
3,612,264 
2,980,856 
 
As at 30 June 2024, loans and advances to other customers were U.S.$4,755.5 million, an increase of 
U.S.$473.2 million, or 11.1%, from U.S.$4,283.3 million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly due 
to an increased amount of disbursements to project finance assets across Africa as at 30 June 2024 compared 
to 31 December 2024 which was slightly offset by the repayment of loans during the six months ended 30 
June 2024. 
As at 31 December 2023, loans and advances to other customers were U.S.$4,283.3 million, an increase of 
U.S.$671.0 million, or 18.6%, from U.S.$3,612.3 million as at 31 December 2022, which was mainly driven 
by an increased amount of disbursements to project finance assets across Africa in 2023 and was slightly 
offset by the repayment of loans due in 2023. 
As at 31 December 2022, loans and advances to other customers were U.S.$3,612.3 million, an increase of 
U.S.$631.4 million, or 21.2%, from U.S.$2,980.9 million as at 31 December 2021, which was mainly driven 
by an increased amount of disbursements to project finance assets across Africa in 2022 and was slightly 
offset by the repayment of loans due in 2022. 
Loan growth for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 was in line with the Corporation's strategy 
to build a stable portfolio base. 
Investment securities 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's investment securities as at 30 June 2024 and as at 31 
December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June  
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Debt securities: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities – at amortised cost ..... 
428,817 
418,684 
348,925 
433,325 
Sovereign debt securities – at amortised cost ..... 
3,401,831 
3,374,482 
2,558,425 
1,148,839 
Corporate debt securities – at FVOCI ................ 
 
 
— 
— 
 
3,830,648 
3,793,166 
2,907,350 
1,582,164 
Allowance for impairment ..................................... 
(51,649) 
(46,824) 
(39,710) 
(27,817) 
Equity securities-unlisted at FVOCI ...................... 
36,752 
36,980 
52,920 
53,576 
Total ..................................................................... 
3,815,751 
3,783,322 
2,920,560 
1,607,923 
 
As at 30 June 2024, investment securities were U.S.$3,815.8 million, an increase of U.S.$32.4 million, or 
0.9%, from U.S.$3,783.3 million as at 31 December 2023. The increase was largely driven by the 
Corporation holding more sovereign debt securities as at 30 June 2024 compared to the period as at 31 
December 2023. 
As at 31 December 2023, investment securities were U.S.$3,783.3 million, an increase of U.S.$862.7 
million, or 29.5%, from U.S.$2,920.6 million as at 31 December 2022 mainly due to the U.S.$0.6 million 
increase in U.S. treasury bills held by the Corporation in line with the Corporation’s treasury management 
strategy.  
As at 31 December 2022, investment securities were U.S.$2,920.6 million, an increase of U.S.$1,312.6 
million, or 81.6%, from U.S.$1,607.9 million as at 31 December 2021, and an increase of U.S.$826.1 
million, or 105.7%, from U.S.$781.8 million as at 31 December 2020. The increase in investment securities 
in 2022 was largely driven by the US treasuries investment of U.S.$1.5 billion during the year. The increase 
in investment securities in 2021 was primarily due to additional purchases of corporate and sovereign debt 
securities to stabilise the Corporation's operating income and balance the yield generated by its assets.

--- Page 208 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 193 - 
70-41079910 
 
Pledged assets 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's pledged assets as at 30 June 2024 and as at 31 December 
2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June  
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Debt securities: 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities – at amortised cost ........... 
329,488 
348,583 
337,006 
130,109 
Sovereign debt securities – at amortised cost ........... 
132,796 
187,876 
282,650 
283,450 
 
462,284 
536,459 
619,656 
413,559 
Allowance for impairment ........................................... 
(12,834) 
(15,420) 
(8,447) 
(4,074) 
Total ........................................................................... 
449,450 
521,039 
611,209 
409,485 
 
As at 30 June 2024, pledged assets were U.S.$449.5 million, a decrease of U.S.$71.6 million, or 13.7%, 
from U.S.$521.0 million as at 31 December 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in 
repurchase agreement transactions executed by the Corporation as at 30 June 2024 compared to 31 
December 2023. 
As at 31 December 2023, pledged assets were U.S.$521.0 million, a decrease of U.S.$90.2 million, or 
14.8%, from U.S.$611.2 million as at 31 December 2022. The decrease in pledged assets in 2023 was 
primarily driven by a reduction in repurchase agreement transactions executed by the Corporation in 2023, 
compared to 2022. 
As at 31 December 2022, pledged assets were U.S.$611.2 million, an increase of U.S.$201.7 million, or 
49.3%, from U.S.$ 409.5 million as at 31 December 2021. The increase in pledged assets in 2022 was 
mainly a result of an increase in repurchase agreement transactions entered into by the Corporation in 2022, 
as compared to 2021. 
Total Assets 
As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's total assets were U.S.$12,193.2 million, a decrease of U.S.$151.9 
million, or 1.2%, from U.S.$12,345.1 million as at 31 December 2023. This decrease was primarily 
attributable to a U.S.$307.0 million or 3.7% net decrease in borrowings as a result of repayments made 
during the period. This was partially offset by retained profit of U.S.$167.3 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2023. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Corporation's total assets were U.S.$12,345.1 million, an increase of 
U.S.$1,817.3 million, or 17.3%, from U.S.$10,527.8 million as at 31 December 2022. This increase was 
primarily attributable to growth in the Corporation's investment securities, loans and advances to other 
customers, derivative financial instruments and non-current assets held for sale, which were partially offset 
by decreases in cash and balances with banks, loans and advances to banks, financial assets held at fair 
value through profit or loss and pledged assets during the year ended 31 December 2023. The increase in 
total assets was in line with the Corporation's growth strategy and was funded by an increase in the 
Corporation's borrowings in the same period. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Corporation's total assets were U.S.$10,527.8 million, an increase of 
U.S.$1,962.9 million, or 22.9%, from U.S.$8,564.9 million as at 31 December 2021. This increase was 
primarily attributable to growth in the Corporation's investment securities, loans and advances to other 
customers, pledged assets and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which were partially offset 
by decreases in loans and advances to banks during the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase in total 
assets was in line with the Corporation's growth strategy and was funded by an increase in the Corporation's 
borrowings in the same period. 
Borrowings 
The following table sets forth the Corporation's borrowings as at 30 June 2024 and as at 31 December 2023, 
2022 and 2021.

--- Page 209 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 194 - 
70-41079910 
 
 
As at 30 
June  
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Short term borrowings (less than 1 year) ..................... 
1,155,709 
1,069,692 
886,630 
645,317 
Medium term borrowings (within 1 and 3 years) ........ 
3,764,568 
4,227,084 
3,502,550 
1,835,340 
Long term borrowings (over 3 years) .......................... 
3,097,162 
3,027,707 
3,179,025 
3,705,363 
Total ........................................................................... 
8,017,439 
8,324,483 
7,568,205 
6,186,020 
 
As at 30 June 2024, borrowings were U.S.$8,017.4 million, a decrease of U.S.$307.0 million, or 3.7%, 
from U.S.$8,324.5 million as at 31 December 2023, mainly as a result of the repayment of the Corporation's 
U.S.$500 million Eurobond and other borrowings from other financial institutions. This was partially offset 
by a syndicated borrowing of U.S.$1.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. 
As at 31 December 2023, borrowings were U.S.$8,324.5 million, an increase of U.S.$756.3 million, or 
9.10%, from U.S.$7,568.2 million as at 31 December 2022, mainly as a result of the additional borrowings 
by the Corporation from global commercial banks and other DFIs to further diversify its borrowing base in 
order to finance the growth in its balance sheet and finance the growth in its investment portfolio across 
Africa. 
As at 31 December 2022, borrowings were U.S.$7,568.2 million, an increase of U.S.$1,382.2 million, or 
22.3%, from U.S.$6,186.0 million as at 31 December 2021, mainly as a result of the additional borrowings 
by the Corporation from global commercial banks and other DFIs to further diversify its borrowing base in 
order to finance the growth in its balance sheet and finance the growth in its investment portfolio across 
Africa. 
Total Liabilities 
As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation's total liabilities were U.S.$8,576.6 million, a decrease of U.S.$347.8 
million, or 3.9%, from U.S.$8,924.4 million as at 31 December 2023. This decrease was primarily 
attributable to the net decrease in borrowings in 2024. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Corporation's total liabilities were U.S.$8,924.4 million, an increase of 
U.S.$1,096.1 million, or 14.0%, from U.S.$7,828.4 million as at 31 December 2022. This increase was 
primarily attributable to the net increase in borrowings in 2023. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Corporation's total liabilities were U.S.$7,828.4 million, an increase of 
U.S.$1,502.3 million, or 23.7%, from U.S.$6,326.1 million as at 31 December 2021. This increase was 
primarily attributable to the net increase in borrowings in 2022. 
Total Equity 
The following table sets forth information regarding the Corporation's total equity as at 30 June 2024 and 
as at 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Share capital ................................................................ 
1,551,716 
1,537,719 
1,290,527 
1,171,176 
Share premium ............................................................ 
438,556 
423,675 
184,018 
66,432 
Share warrants ............................................................. 
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
Retained earnings ........................................................ 
1,453,591 
1,286,318 
1,049,190 
824,808 
Fair value reserves....................................................... 
(27,247) 
(27,020) 
(24,299) 
(23,653) 
Non-controlling interests ............................................. 
 
— 
— 
— 
Total equity ................................................................ 
3,616,616 
3,420,692 
2,699,436 
2,238,763 
 
As at 30 June 2024, total equity amounted to U.S.$3,616.6 million, an increase of U.S.$195.9 million, or 
5.7%, from U.S.$3,420.7 million as at 31 December 2023. The growth was primarily driven by a capital 
raise of U.S.$28.9 particularly the U.S.$24.9 million investment from the National Social Security Fund 
Kenya. Also, the Corporation retained U.S.$254.4 million in profits (including other comprehensive 
income) earned for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which was partially offset by dividend payments

--- Page 210 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 195 - 
70-41079910 
 
and return on share warrants to shareholders and warrant holders in the amount of U.S.$81.1 million and 
U.S.$5.6 million, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2023, total equity amounted to U.S.$3,420.7 million, an increase of U.S.$721.3 million, 
or 26.7%, from U.S.$2,699.4 million as at 31 December 2022. The growth was primarily driven by a capital 
raise of U.S.$486.8 comprising U.S.$339.7 million from the Corporation's rights issue program and 
U.S.$147.1 million in equity investments from new and existing shareholders, as well as dividend 
capitalization. Also, the Corporation retained U.S.$327.0 million in profits (including other comprehensive 
income) earned for the year ended 31 December 2023, which was partially offset by dividend payments 
and return on share warrants to shareholders and warrant holders in the amount of U.S.$85.6 million and 
U.S.$7.0 million, respectively. As at 31 December 2022, total equity amounted to U.S.$2,699.4 million, an 
increase of U.S.$460.7 million, or 20.6%, from U.S.$2,238.8 million as at 31 December 2021, mainly as a 
result of the investment by the Public Investment Corporation of South Africa, Egypt (through the Central 
Bank of Egypt), Mauritius (through the National Pension Fund of Mauritius and National Savings Fund of 
Mauritius), Sierra Leone (through the Bank of Sierra Leone) and the DRC, of U.S.$100.0 million, U.S.$95.0 
million, U.S.$25.0 million, U.S.$10.0 million (U.S.$2.0 million paid in, U.S.$8.0 million callable) and 
U.S.$5 million, respectively, as well as the retention of U.S.$285.3 million in profits (including other 
comprehensive income) earned for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was partially offset by 
dividend payments and payment of return on share warrants to shareholders and warrant holders in the 
amount of U.S.$56.5 million and U.S.$5.1 million, respectively. 
Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
US$000 
US$000 
Total liabilities and equity ........................................  
12,193,230 
12,345,137 
10,527,812 
8,564,885 
 
The Corporation is not subject to capital requirements by a regulatory body such as a central bank or 
equivalent institution. However, the Corporation has established a Capital Adequacy Framework that is 
based on the maintenance of certain capital adequacy ratios in line with the recommendations of the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision. For a further description, see "Description of the Corporation—
Capital Adequacy". 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
The Corporation enters into off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of its business to facilitate 
its business and objectives. These arrangements, which may involve elements of credits in excess of 
amounts recognised on the balance sheet, primarily include debt and equity commitments. As at 30 June 
2024 and 31 December 2023, the Corporation had off-balance sheet obligations in the amount of 
U.S.$2,360.9 million and U.S.$2,498.9 million, respectively, which related to debt commitments and 
financial guarantees. 
Critical Accounting Policies 
The discussion and analysis of the Corporation's results of operations and financial condition are based on 
the Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. The 
preparation of the Financial Statements requires management to apply accounting methods and policies that 
are based on difficult or subjective judgments, estimates based on past experience and assumptions 
determined to be reasonable and realistic based on the related circumstances. The application of these 
estimates and assumptions affects the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of 
contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date and the reported amounts of income and expenses 
during the reporting period. The resulting accounting estimates could differ from the related actual results. 
All assumptions, expectations and forecasts used as a basis for certain estimates within the Financial 
Statements represent good-faith assessments of the Corporation's future performance for which 
management believes there is a reasonable basis. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and 
are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed 
to be reasonable under the circumstances.

--- Page 211 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 196 - 
70-41079910 
 
Detailed information regarding the Corporation's significant accounting policies is provided in note 2 to the 
2023 Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Detailed information regarding the 
Corporation's critical accounting estimates and judgements in applying accounting policies is provided in 
note 4 to the 2023 Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Assumption and estimation uncertainties 
Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a 
material adjustment for the year ending 31 December 2023 are set out in note 3.1 to the 2023 Financial 
Statements (determination of the fair value of financial assets and liabilities). 
Impairment losses on loans and advances 
The measurement of the ECL allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost and fair value 
through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") is an area that requires the use of complex models and 
significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour (for example, the likelihood 
of customers defaulting and the resulting losses). 
A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements for 
measuring ECL, such as determining criteria for significant increase in credit risk, choosing appropriate 
models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL, establishing the number and relative weightings of 
forward-looking scenarios for each type of product/market and the associated ECL, establishing groups of 
similar financial assets for the purposes of measuring ECL and assumptions used in estimating recoverable 
cashflows. 
Fair value of financial instruments 
The fair value of financial instruments where no active market exists or where quoted prices are not 
otherwise available are determined by using valuation techniques. In these cases, the fair values are 
estimated from observable data in respect of similar financial instruments or using financial models. Where 
market observable inputs are not available, they are estimated based on appropriate assumptions. Where 
valuation techniques are used to determine fair values, they are validated and periodically reviewed by 
qualified personnel independent of those that sourced them. All financial models are certified before they 
are used, and models are calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect actual data and comparative market prices. 
To the extent possible, models use only observable data; however, areas such as credit risk (both own credit 
risk and counterparty risk), volatilities and correlations require management to make estimates. Changes in 
assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments. 
Exemption under IAS 28 – Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures 
Equity investments that result in the Corporation having a significant influence, but not control, over the 
financial and operating policies of the investee companies are carried in the statement of financial position 
at fair value through profit or loss rather than accounted for as associates using the equity method of 
accounting. This treatment is permitted by IAS 28 – Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures, which 
requires investments held by venture capital organisations and similar financial institutions to be excluded 
from its scope where those investments are designated, upon initial recognition, as at fair value through 
profit or loss and accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9 (The Corporation has exercised judgment in 
determining whether it has control over investee entities where the Corporation holds over 50% of the 
issued ordinary equity of the investee, for example, the ARISE SEZ (IIP) and Djibouti Wind Company 
Limited), with changes in fair value recognised in the income statement in the period of the change. The 
Corporation's operational activities typically entail provision of equity finance to unquoted companies and 
taking an active role in helping to build and develop such companies by having a representation on the 
Board of the investee companies. The equity business of the Corporation is managed and appraised with 
the objective of earning capital return on its venture capital investments upon exit in the medium term. The 
Corporation is also a member of the Africa Private Equity & Venture Capital Association.

--- Page 212 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 197 - 
70-41079910 
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE CORPORATION 
The management of the Corporation consists of the general meeting of its shareholders (the "Annual 
General Meeting"), the Board of Directors and its executive management committee. 
The following chart sets out the organisational structure of the Corporation. 
 
Board of Directors 
Under the provisions of the Charter, the Board of Directors is responsible for the general conduct of the 
business of the Corporation. The members of the Board of Directors are elected by the shareholders of the 
Corporation. The Board of Directors meets at least quarterly or as often as the business of the Corporation 
requires. Notwithstanding and in addition to the general powers conferred on it under the Charter, the Board 
of Directors also has responsibility for: 
• 
ensuring the implementation of decisions resulting from the Annual General Meeting; 
• 
submitting to the shareholders of the Corporation for consideration at each Annual General 
Meeting, the annual report of the Corporation and the annual financial statements, together with 
the report of the external auditors relating thereto: 
• 
in conformity with the general directives of the shareholders issued in a general meeting, taking 
decisions concerning particular trade-financing proposals, direct loans, guarantees, investments, 
the borrowing of funds and other operations of the Corporation. 
• 
the establishment, transfer and closing down of branch offices, representative offices, agencies and 
subsidiaries; 
• 
the establishment of subsidiary organs or committees and delegating thereto any of its powers: 
• 
approval of the annual budget of the Corporation; 
• 
the appointment and removal, on the recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Board 
Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, of officers of the Corporation and fixing their 
conditions of service in accordance with universally recognised principles; and 
• 
upon the recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer, the determination of the organisational 
structure, staffing level, remuneration and compensation of the Corporation and the prescription of 
staff regulations. 
The Board of Directors has instituted three committees, which include: 
• 
the BACC, which is currently composed of three board directors, meets at least once every quarter; 
however, in the ordinary course of business there are seven committee members, including an 
independent director who is the chairperson of the BACC. Its role is to meet with the Corporation's 
external auditors, internal auditor and management to review the Corporation's financial statements, 
corporate and business units' financial performance and policies and recommend the annual budget

--- Page 213 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 198 - 
70-41079910 
 
to the full board for approval. The BACC has the power to review, examine and verify the proper 
applications of the Corporation's internal control and financial reporting policies and procedures, 
compliance mechanisms of the Corporation and the power to propose the appointment and 
remuneration of the Corporation's external auditors. The BACC also reviews, approves and 
monitors the implementation of the approved annual audit as proposed by the head of internal audit; 
• 
the BRIC, which is currently composed of seven board directors. The BRIC meets once every 
month or as the business of the Corporation may require. It is responsible for reviewing and 
approving the Corporation's investment decisions across its five key sectors. It reviews and 
approves policies on prudential guidelines, asset and liability management, operational risk 
management, environmental and social risks and anti-money laundering policy. It also reviews 
various borrowings made by the Corporation to make sure that they comply with the authority 
given by the Board of Directors and monitors the portfolio through periodic reports from the Chief 
Risk Officer and its financial performance through periodic reports from the Chief Financial 
Officer; and 
• 
the BNGC, which is composed of ten board directors and meets quarterly. The Board Nomination 
and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving several of the 
Corporation's corporate policies, including its corporate governance structure and framework, 
revised staff manual, revised procurement manual and business ethics code of conduct. It is also 
responsible for renewing the appointments of board directors. It has adopted standard assessment 
mechanisms and procedures to help assess the performance of the Board of Directors and the 
Corporation's management as a whole, as well as that of individual directors. 
The following table sets out the names, representative shareholding institution and position of the 
individuals who currently serve on the Board of Directors. 
Name 
Position 
Representative 
Shareholding 
Institution 
Business Address 
Mr. Emeka Emuwa 
Chairperson of the Board 
Independent 
38A 
Oyinkan 
Abayomi Drive, Ikoyi, 
Lagos, Nigeria 
Mr. Roosevelt 
Ogbonna 
Non-Executive Director 
Chairperson of the Board 
Risk 
and 
Investment 
Committee 
Access Bank Plc 
Access Bank Plc 
14/15, Prince Alaba 
Abiodun, 
Victoria Island, 
Lagos State, Nigeria 
Ms. Soula I. Proxenos 
Independent 
Non-
Executive Director 
Independent 
3 
Rue 
du 
Grand 
Jaques, 
Vaison 
La 
Romaine, France 
Mr. Kabelo Rikhotso 
Non-Executive Director 
Public 
Investment 
Corporation 
Public 
Investment 
Corporation 
SOC 
Limited, 
Menlyn 
Maine Central Square 
Corner 
Aramist 
Avenue & Corobay 
Avenue, 
Waterkloof 
Glen 
Extension 
2, 
0181 Pretoria, South 
Africa 
Mr. Batchi Baldeh 
Non-Executive Director 
Multilateral 
Constituency 
Board 
seat currently held by 
Immeuble du Centre 
de 
Commerce 
International d'Abidjan

--- Page 214 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 199 - 
70-41079910 
 
Name 
Position 
Representative 
Shareholding 
Institution 
Business Address 
the 
African 
Development Bank 
(CCIA), Av. Jean Paul 
II, 01 B.P. 1387 
Mr. Bolaji Lawal 
Non-Executive Director 
Ecobank Nigeria 
Ecobank 
Nigeria 
Limited Ahmadu Bello 
Way, Victoria Island, 
Lagos, Nigeria 
Mr. Ini Ebong 
Non-Executive Director 
First Bank of Nigeria 
First Bank of Nigeria 
Limited 
Samuel Asabia House 
35, 
Marina, 
Lagos, 
Nigeria 
Dr. Hassan Mahmud 
Non-Executive Director 
Central 
Bank 
of 
Nigeria 
Monetary 
Policy 
Department, 
Central 
Bank 
of 
Nigeria (CBN), 
Central 
Business 
District, P.M.B. 0187, 
Garki, Abuja, Nigeria 
Mr. Anthony A. 
Ogunranti 
Non-Executive Director 
Zenith Bank 
Zenith Bank Plc 
Plot 
84/87 
Ajose 
Adeogun 
Street, 
Victoria Island, Lagos, 
Nigeria 
Mr. Olumuyiwa 
Akinyemi 
Non-Executive Director 
United Bank for Africa 
United Bank for Africa 
Plc, UBA House 57 
Marina, Lagos, Nigeria 
Mr. Ali Güney 
Non-Executive Director 
Türk Eximbank 
Saray 
Mah. 
Ahmet 
Tevfik Ileri Cad. No: 
19 34768 Ümraniye / 
Instanbul, Turkey 
Mrs. Sherine El 
Sharkway 
Non-Executive Director 
Egypt 
Extension of Ramses 
Street, 
Nasr 
City 
Ministry of Finance 
Building, Tower 6, 9th 
Floor, 
Cairo, Arab Republic 
of Egypt 
Mr. Samaila Zubairu 
President 
and 
Chief 
Executive Officer 
Executive Director 
— 
3a 
Osborne 
Road, 
Ikoyi, Lagos, Nigeria 
Mr. Sameh Shenouda 
Chief Investment Officer 
— 
3a 
Osborne 
Road, 
Ikoyi, Lagos, Nigeria

--- Page 215 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 200 - 
70-41079910 
 
Name 
Position 
Representative 
Shareholding 
Institution 
Business Address 
Executive Director 
Banji Fehintola 
Head 
of 
Financial 
Services 
Executive Director 
— 
3a 
Osborne 
Road, 
Ikoyi, Lagos, Nigeria 
 
The following is a summary of the business experience and principal outside business interests of the Board 
of Directors. 
Mr. Emeka Emuwa. Mr. Emuwa is the Chairman of the board of the Corporation and previously served as 
the Chairperson of the Board Risk and Investment Committee and an independent non-executive director 
of the Corporation since September 2022. He was the Group Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer of Union Bank of Nigeria Plc and retired at the end of his tenure on 31 March 2021. Prior to joining 
Union Bank of Nigeria Plc, Mr. Emuwa was Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Citibank 
Nigeria Limited and has over 30 years' experience across Africa. Following several senior roles in 
Cameroon, Gabon, Congo, Tanzania, Ghana, Niger and the Democratic Republic of Congo, Emeka became 
the first Nigerian to be appointed Country Officer and Managing Director of Citibank in Nigeria, a position 
he held until he was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Union Bank. Mr. Emuwa is the chairman of 
the Financial Literacy and Public Enlightenment sub-Committee of the Nigerian Bankers' Committee. He 
is the chairman of the Nigeria Portugal Friendship and Business Association and a former Chairman of 
Junior Achievement Nigeria. He is a former director of Accion Microfinance Bank and the American 
Business Council. Mr. Emuwa graduated from the University of Lagos with a degree in finance and holds 
a master's degree in management from Purdue University’s Krannert School of Management. 
Mr. Roosevelt Ogbonna. Mr. Ogbonna is the Chairperson of the Board Risk and Investment Committee 
and a non-executive director of the Corporation and Managing Director of Access Bank Plc. He has over 
20 years of experience in the financial services sector, cutting across various functions. Prior to his 
appointment as Managing Director, he was the Deputy Managing Director of Access Bank and was the 
Executive Director of its wholesale banking division. He joined Access Bank in 2002 from Guaranty Trust 
Bank. He is a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria, a senior executive fellow of 
Harvard Kennedy School, an alumnus of Harvard Business School and a CFA charter holder. He holds a 
master's degree in business administration from IMD Business School, Switzerland, a master’s degree 
(LL.M.) in international corporate and commercial law from King's College, London, an executive master’s 
degree in business administration from Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business and a bachelor’s degree 
in banking and finance from University of Nigeria, Nsukka. In 2015, he was selected as one of the Institute 
of International Finance future global leaders. Mr. Ogbonna sits on the board of several institutions 
including Access Holdings, Access Bank UK Limited, Access Bank (South Africa) Ltd, Central Securities 
Clearing System PLC and Shared Agent Network Expansion Facilities Limited. He is also a member of the 
high-level advisory committee on women's economic empowerment. 
Ms. Soula I. Proxenos. Ms. Proxenos is an independent director of the Corporation. She has over 30 years' 
financial services experience spanning capital markets, fundraising, brand-building and real estate. Ms. 
Proxenos was formerly the Managing Director of International Housing Solutions. She is the founder of 
South African Workforce Housing Fund and was also co-chair of the investment committee and remains 
on the group's advisory board. Prior to this, she was Managing Director of Fannie Mae's International 
Housing Financial Services, where she was responsible for the profit and loss of Fannie Mae’s international 
consulting services and training programmes, assisting in the development of market-based housing finance 
systems in over 35 countries. She is an adjunct Professor at Johns-Hopkins Carey School of Business and 
School for Advanced International Studies. She is an independent non-executive director, consultant and 
adviser of several organisations and has extensive experience as board chair, committee chair (nominations 
and compensation committees), committee member (audit and credit) of not-for-profit and commercial 
boards of directors. Ms. Proxenos holds a bachelor's degree from Wits University and an MBA from 
University of Stellenbosch. 
Mr. Batchi Baldeh. Mr. Baldeh is a non-executive director of the Corporation. He is an investment banker, 
infrastructure developer and utility management specialist, with over 33 years of professional experience

--- Page 216 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 201 - 
70-41079910 
 
across the power value chain and financing capital structure. He is currently the Director, Power Systems 
Development, at the African Development Bank, which he joined in May 2017. Prior to joining the African 
Development Bank, he was the Director, Power Business Investments Division at the Corporation and has 
also been a consultant to the World Bank, European Union/Biz Clim and Government of Lesotho and was 
the pioneer Managing Director of Gambia's National Water and Electricity from 1995-1999. He is currently 
a non-executive director of the Development Bank of Nigeria and was a chairman of the board of directors 
of Cabeolica S.A. and Cenpower Operations and Services Limited. He was alternative director and 
technical committee member of the Benin Electricity Distribution Company. Mr. Baldeh holds a BSc 
degree with honours in electrical & electronic engineering from Newcastle-upon-Tyne University and a 
master's degree in business administration from Boston University. 
Mr. Bolaji Lawal. Mr. Lowal is a non-executive director of the Corporation. He is the managing 
director/chief executive officer of Ecobank Nigeria Limited. He has over 28 years deep involvement and 
experience in digital and retail banking, corporate and commercial banking, credit risk management and 
corporate finance. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Lawal served in different capacities at Guaranty Trust Bank 
Limited, including as a general manager and executive director, where he led the team that envisioned and 
implemented Guaranty Trust Bank Limited’s retail and digital banking strategy to achieve industry wide 
leadership over a 10-year period and introduced new products and solutions that have helped deepen 
payments and access to digital financial services in Nigeria. Mr. Lawal holds a master's degree in business 
administration from the University of Oxford, a barrister at law (BL) certificate from the Nigerian Law 
School and a bachelor's degree in law from Obafemi Awolowo University. 
Mr. Ini Ebong. Mr. Ebong is a non-executive director of the Corporation. He is the executive director 
overseeing the treasury and international banking business of First Bank of Nigeria Limited ("FirstBank"). 
His responsibilities encompass the treasury business, international banking franchise across six sub- 
Saharan African countries (the DRC, The Gambia, Ghana, Guinea-Conakry, Senegal and Sierra Leone), 
custody business servicing local and international clients and the structured trade and commodity finance 
team, amongst others. Before joining FirstBank as the group treasurer in 2011, Mr. Ebong was the head of 
African fixed income and local markets trading at Renaissance Securities Nigeria Limited, the Nigerian 
registered subsidiary of Renaissance Capital. He also worked at Citigroup for 14 years, starting in sales and 
trading in the treasury group, before rotating through a wide variety of trading roles across most treasury 
products, asset and liability management, treasury sales and marketing, treasury risk management, before 
becoming country treasurer and sales and trading business head in June 2003. Mr. Ebong is a qualified 
architect and holds a BSc. and MSc in architecture, obtained in 1990 and 1992, respectively, from the 
University of Ife in Nigeria. 
Dr. Hassan Mahmud. Dr. Mahmud is a non-executive director of the Corporation. He is an economist and 
central banker with over 30 years of public service experience. Currently, he is director, Monetary Policy 
Department at the Central Bank of Nigeria. In this capacity, he supervises and coordinates the formulation 
of technical inputs for the design and implementation of monetary policy. Prior to this, he was group head, 
Macro-prudential Analysis in the Financial Policy and Regulation Department of the Central Bank of 
Nigeria, where he oversaw the conduct of off-site macro-prudential surveillance, appraisal of banking 
industry financial soundness indicators, and evaluation of industry stress test. From 2010 to 2014, he was 
the special advisor to the Governor on economic policy and research, where he played a key role in shaping 
the Central Bank of Nigeria's economic and monetary policy decisions, particularly in the areas of foreign 
exchange and inflation rates developments. 
Mr. Kabelo Rikhotso. Mr. Rikhotso is a non-executive director of the Corporation. His career spans over 
two decades within the financial services sector. He is an experienced investment manager, dealmaker, 
business builder and a risk manager. Mr. Rikhotso was appointed as Chief Investment Officer at the Public 
Investment Corporation ("PIC") in May 2022. Through the Minister of Finance in consultation with SA 
Cabinet, he was later appointed as an Executive Director of the PIC. He holds a master's degree in financial 
economics from the University of Johannesburg and is also a CFA Charter holder. 
Mr. Anthony A. Ogunranti. Mr. Ogunranti is a non-executive director of the Corporation. He is an 
executive director at Zenith Bank Plc with experience spanning over three decades across the following 
areas: corporate banking, commercial and retail banking, public sector banking, structured/project finance 
and strong relationship with multilateral and export credit agencies. Prior to his current appointment, he 
was the managing director of Zenith Bank, Ghana. He is an honorary senior member of the Chartered 
Institute of Bankers, Nigeria, a member of the Nigerian Institute of Management (Chartered) and an 
honorary fellow of the Chartered Institute of Credit Management, Ghana. Until his appointment to the board

--- Page 217 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 202 - 
70-41079910 
 
of Zenith Bank, he was a member of the board/governing council of the National Banking College, Ghana 
and executive member of the Ghana Association of Bankers. Mr. Ogunranti holds a bachelor's in science 
in international relations from the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, a master's degree in business 
administration in marketing and a master's in science degree in banking and finance from the University of 
Ibadan. 
Mr. Olumuyiwa Akinyemi. Mr. Akinyemi is a non-executive director of the Corporation. He is the deputy 
managing director of United Bank for Africa ("UBA"). He oversees the bank’s business in Southern Nigeria 
and coordinates the corporate banking arm of the institution. Prior to this, Mr. Akinyemi, who joined UBA 
in 2005, drove the bank’s energy bank business and was the general manager, corporate and commercial 
banking. He also headed the wholesale banking arm between 2013 and 2015, where he was responsible for 
the bank’s business activities in various geographies where UBA was present at the time. He also headed 
UBA Kenya as the CEO/MD between 2010 and 2011. Before joining UBA, Mr. Akinyemi worked in 
Standard Trust Bank between 1998 and 2005, where he led in various capacities including head – 
investment banking, head – energy & telecoms division and structured finance groups. He had previously 
worked in Diamond Bank between 1994 and 1998. He is a chartered accountant and graduated with a 
bachelor's in science in accounting from the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife. He is also a member of 
several professional bodies including the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria, Chartered Institute 
of Bankers of Nigeria and the Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers. 
Mr. Ali Güney. Mr. Güney is a non-executive director of the Corporation and the Chief Executive Officer 
of Türk Eximbank. Mr. Güney's career spans over three decades in both finance and Treasury management 
within the banking industry. Mr. Güney began his career in 1990 in the fund management department of 
Faisal Finance and advanced through various senior management positions in prominent Turkish financial 
institutions, including Deputy General Manager responsible for Treasury and Financial Institutions at 
Türkiye Finans Participation Bank and Deputy General Manager overseeing Treasury and Strategy at Vakif 
Participation Bank. He also served as Assistant Manager in the Fund Management and Treasury 
Department of ihlas Finance, Fund Management and Treasury Manager at Anadolu Finance, and Treasury 
Manager at Türkiye Finans Participation Bank. Since October 17, 2019, Mr Güney has been a member of 
the board and the CEO of Türk Eximbank. Additionally, he serves on the boards of the Export Development 
Inc. and the Banks Association of Türkiye, demonstrating his significant contributions in the Turkish 
finance sector. Mr. Güney holds a degree in Economics and Administrative Sciences from Marmara 
University. 
Ms. Sherine Hamed El Sharkawy. Ms. El Sharkawy is a non-executive director of the Corporation and the 
Egyptian First Deputy Minister of Finance for Economic Affairs. She brings extensive expertise in 
economic policy, sovereign guarantees and financial negotiations. Ms. El Sharkawy has been instrumental 
in achieving significant financial milestones for Egypt, including the country's first Islamic/conventional 
loan, the second Islamic/green loan, and the country's issuance of Samurai bond. She is also responsible for 
developing commercial solutions for external disputes and resolving intergovernmental complexities 
involving her ministry. Ms. El Sharkawy has a robust background in corporate banking and finance, having  
held advisory, consulting roles and worked at leading financial institutions including Ahli United Bank of 
Egypt, Concord International Investments, and Commercial International Bank. She represents the 
Egyptian Ministry of Finance on the board of the Central Bank of Egypt and serves as a board member of 
the Egyptian Sovereign Fund. Ms. El Sharkawy holds a master's degree in Finance and Investment from 
Exeter University in the United Kingdom and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the American 
University in Cairo, Egypt. 
Mr. Samaila Zubairu. Mr. Zubairu is the Corporation's President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Zubairu 
joined the Corporation in July 2018, succeeding the completion of the 10-year term of the Corporation's 
previous President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Zubairu was the CEO of 
Africapital Management Limited and Chief Financial Officer for Dangote Cement Plc. Mr. Zubairu is an 
Eisenhower Fellow and sits on the Eisenhower Fellowship's Global Network Council and the President's 
Advisory Council. He holds several non-executive board positions, including the Advisory board member 
for KSE Africa, a leading operations and management provider of captive power plants in the mining 
sectors in Botswana and Nigeria. Mr. Zubairu is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
Nigeria (FCA) and holds a BSc degree in Accounting from Ahmadu Bello University, Nigeria. 
Mr. Sameh Shenouda. Mr. Shenouda is an executive director and Chief Investment Officer of the 
Corporation. He leads origination, execution and portfolio management of all transactions across a wide 
range of sectors and products at the Corporation. Prior to joining the Corporation, Mr. Shenouda was the

--- Page 218 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 203 - 
70-41079910 
 
Chief Executive Officer of Zarou, a developer, owner, investor and operator of infrastructure projects in 
Africa, the Middle East and Asia, that is 100% owned by The Blackstone Group. Mr. Shenouda previously 
spent 5 years as the Head of Infrastructure at CDC Group Plc, the UK's development finance institution. 
His previous experience also includes positions as the Natural Gas Industries Director at Orascom 
Construction Industries and Investment Principal at Actis. Mr. Shenouda holds an MBA in Financial 
Management from the University of Exeter, UK and degrees in Development Studies and Economics from 
the American University in Cairo, Egypt. He is also a graduate of INSEAD's International Executive 
Program. 
Mr. Banji Fehintola. Mr. Fehintola is the executive director and Divisional Head of Financial Services of 
the Corporation. He is responsible for the treasury, capital mobilisation and partnerships, syndication and 
financial advisory lines of business for the Corporation. Mr. Fehintola joined the Corporation in 2008 and 
rose through the ranks to his current position of an executive board member of the Corporation. Prior to his 
current role, he was Senior Director and Head of Treasury and Financial Institutions. Mr. Fehintola is an 
alumnus of Harvard Business School and has a first-class degree in Economics, a master’s degrees in 
international finance and another master’s degree in international business. He is also a Chartered 
Accountant and a CFA Charter holder and sits on the boards of several companies including the Board of 
Governors of the CFA Institute. 
Executive Management 
The following table sets out the names and positions of the Corporation's executive management that are 
not on the Board of Directors. 
Name 
Position 
Mr. David Johnson 
Director and Chief Risk Officer 
Mr. Ayotunde Anjorin 
Senior Director and Chief Financial Officer 
Dr. Rita Babihuga-Nsanze 
Chief Economist and Director of Research & 
Strategy 
Ms. Patricia Aderibigbe 
Human Resources Director 
Viviene Yeda Apopo  
Director and General Counsel  
 
The following is a summary of the business experience and principal outside business interests of the 
EXCO. The business address for each member of the EXCO is 3a Osborne Road, Ikoyi, Lagos State, 
Nigeria. 
Ms. Vivienne Yeda Apopo. Ms. Apopo is a director and General Counsel of the Corporation. Prior to her 
appointment on 10 September 2024, she was most recently the Director General of the East African 
Development Bank ("EADB"), where she was responsible for EADB's operations across its member states. 
In addition to overseeing EADB's operations, Ms. Apopo also managed EADB's legal team, overseeing its 
litigation portfolio, agreements, contracts and debt restructuring. Prior to joining the EADB, Ms. Apopo 
was the AfDB's first country manager and resident representative to Zambia. She also held the positions of 
Chief Counsel, Private Sector and Principal Counsel at AfDB. In these roles, she provided legal advice and 
oversight on private sector loans, and was involved on the structuring, appraisal and due diligence of private 
sector funded infrastructure projects in manufacturing, agriculture, education and health. She also 
negotiated and structured facilities for both private sector and sovereign borrowers including governments, 
central banks and regional economic communities. Ms. Apopo holds a Bachelor of Laws degree from 
University of Nairobi, Kenya, a master's degree in International Business Law from University College 
London, United Kingdom and an MBA from Edith Cowan University, Australia. 
Mr. David Johnson. Mr. Johnson is a Director and Chief Risk Officer. Before assuming this role, he was 
Vice President responsible for market risk management overseeing capital preservation, liquidity 
management, good corporate governance and ensuring that risk limits are consistent with Board specified 
risk appetite and the Corporation's risk capacity. Prior to joining the Corporation, David spent 15 years 
working as a risk manager, trader and deal structurer at various international banks in London. His career 
in the City of London included, most recently, roles at Rabobank and WestLB AG. At Rabobank, he was a

--- Page 219 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 204 - 
70-41079910 
 
fund derivatives trader within a team of three traders managing a €3.0 billion portfolio. At WestLB, he was 
a structured credit and fund derivatives trader managing a portfolio of €1.0 billion. David's academic 
background spans mechanical engineering, computing, mathematical trading and finance and he holds a 
BSc in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Lagos and an MSc Computing, Mathematical 
Trading and Finance from Cass Business School, University of London. 
Mr. Ayotunde Anjorin. Mr. Anjorin is a Senior Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation. 
Prior to his appointment as Chief Financial Officer, he was the head of finance and operations and the 
financial controller of the Corporation. Prior to joining the Corporation, he worked at Standard Chartered 
Bank Nigeria, where he held a number of national and regional positions within finance and internal audit, 
such as the regional head of wholesale banking finance. He has also previously worked as a consultant for 
KPMG Nigeria. He has a BSc degree in Management and Accounting from Obafemi Awolowo University, 
Ile-Ife and is a chartered accountant. 
Dr. Rita Babihuga-Nsanze. Dr. Babihuga-Nsanze is a Director and Chief Economist of the Corporation. 
She is a global macroeconomist, sovereign credit research analyst and PhD economist with over 18 years 
of experience in the financial services industry and policy making institutions. Dr. Babihuga-Nsanze's 
experience spans across financial risk analysis, financial planning, modelling & analysis, credit ratings, 
investor's liaison, economic research, strategy formulation and implementation in a range of frontier and 
emerging markets, as well as advanced economies. Her most recent role was the Chief Sub-Saharan Africa 
Economist at Barclays Investment Bank. Prior to this, she was the Vice President/Senior Lead Analyst at 
Moody's Investors Service. Earlier in her career, Dr. Babihuga-Nsanze was a Senior Economist on 
secondment at Bank of England, Desk Economist & Senior Economist at International Monetary Fund and 
a Desk Economist at the World Bank Group. 
Ms. Patricia Aderibigbe. Ms. Patricia Aderibigbe is the Human Resources Director of the Corporation. She 
holds a master's degree in arts in employment relations and law from Kingston University, United Kingdom, 
a post graduate diploma in personnel management from South Bank University, United Kingdom, a master's 
degree in English Literature from University of Ibadan and a bachelor's degree in English language and 
literature from the University of Benin. She has 24 years' experience in organisations across Africa and 
Europe. Prior to joining the Corporation, she was the group head – human resources for United Bank for 
Africa (June 2016 – August 2022). Prior to this, she was chief operating officer at Tenoil Energy (September 
2014 – May 2016) and COO/director of integration and synergy at Heirs Holding (January 2013 – 
September 2014), having previously had a 13-year career stint at ELAN IT, a UK based international 
management consultancy firm. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed by the Directors and Executive 
Management to the Corporation and their private interests and /or other duties.

--- Page 220 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 205 - 
70-41079910 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in, or reinterpretation of, the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently 
in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of 
the Issuer, the Trustee nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in 
the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a "clearing 
corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" 
registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants 
("Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities 
transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book 
entry changes in the Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, 
clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants 
and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as 
securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants"). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "Rules"), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts 
with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as described below 
and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which 
beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are 
required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective 
Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, 
provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their 
interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser 
of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is, in turn, to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant's 
records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but 
Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as 
well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the 
Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be 
accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except 
in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration 
in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to 
whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be

--- Page 221 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 206 - 
70-41079910 
 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, 
DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy 
assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit the 
Direct Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings 
shown on DTC's records, unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. 
Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in 
"street name", and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest 
to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the 
responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility 
of the Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance 
with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will 
be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who, in turn, act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
to take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from 
DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services, including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are worldwide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through, or 
maintain a custodial relationship with, an account holder of either system. 
Book-entry ownership of and payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, 
DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the 
individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who 
have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through,

--- Page 222 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 207 - 
70-41079910 
 
records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the 
records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any 
payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of 
DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all 
or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global 
Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be 
converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC, unless DTC has reason to believe 
that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants 
to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers and will be the responsibility of such Participant and 
not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, 
premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons 
take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes 
represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in 
the DTC system who, in turn, act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest 
in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or 
entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may 
depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of 
Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes 
through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross market transfers between DTC, on the 
one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken 
by the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant Registered 
Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there 
is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the 
transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account 
for the transferee. In the case of cross market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The 
securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed

--- Page 223 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 208 - 
70-41079910 
 
at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any 
performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments 
made on account of, beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 224 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 209 - 
70-41079910 
 
CERTAIN ERISA AND RELATED CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
requirements on "employee benefit plans" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that are subject 
to Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, such as certain pension plans, profit-sharing plans, collective 
investment funds, separate accounts and entities whose underlying assets include the assets of such 
employee benefit plans (collectively, "ERISA Plans"), and on those persons who are fiduciaries with 
respect to ERISA Plans. ERISA also imposes limits on transactions between ERISA Plans and their service 
providers or other related parties. 
Each ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider ERISA and the regulations and guidances thereunder when 
considering an investment in the Notes. Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans, as well as other "plans" and 
arrangements within the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code (together with ERISA Plans, 
"Plans"), should also consider, among other items, the issues described below when deciding whether to 
invest in the Notes. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT WRITTEN FOR ANY PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR, 
AND IT DOES NOT ADDRESS THE NEEDS OF ANY PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR. 
NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE DEALERS, THE TRUSTEE OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES 
HAS UNDERTAKEN TO PROVIDE IMPARTIAL INVESTMENT ADVICE OR TO GIVE ADVICE IN 
A FIDUCIARY CAPACITY, AND NONE OF THESE PARTIES HAS OR SHALL PROVIDE ANY 
ADVICE OR RECOMMENDATION WITH RESPECT TO THE MANAGEMENT OF ANY 
INVESTMENT OR THE ADVISABILITY OF ACQUIRING, HOLDING, DISPOSING OR 
EXCHANGING OF ANY SUCH INVESTMENT. THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS GENERAL IN 
NATURE, IS NOT INTENDED TO BE ALL INCLUSIVE AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS 
LEGAL ADVICE. EACH PLAN FIDUCIARY SHOULD TALK TO ITS LEGAL ADVISER ABOUT 
THE CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED IN THIS SECTION BEFORE INVESTING IN THE NOTES. 
APPLICABLE LAWS GOVERNING THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF THE ASSETS 
OF GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH AND NON-U.S. PLANS MAY ALSO CONTAIN FIDUCIARY 
RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION REQUIREMENTS. ACCORDINGLY, 
FIDUCIARIES OF SUCH PLANS, IN CONSULTATION WITH THEIR ADVISERS, SHOULD 
CONSIDER THE IMPACT OF SUCH LAWS ON AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. 
Fiduciary Duty of Investing ERISA Plans 
Under ERISA, a person who exercises discretionary authority or control regarding the management or 
disposition of an ERISA Plan's assets is generally considered a fiduciary of such an ERISA Plan. 
Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, which should be taken 
into account in the context of each ERISA Plan's particular facts and circumstances. In considering an 
investment in the Notes, an ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider, among other factors, (i) whether the 
investment would satisfy the diversification requirements of Section 404 of ERISA, (ii) whether the 
investment is prudent with respect to the Note's structure and the investment's potential risks and lack of 
liquidity, (iii) whether the investment would be consistent with the documents and instruments governing 
the ERISA Plan and (iv) whether the investment would involve a prohibited transaction under Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (as discussed below). 
When evaluating the prudence of investing in the Notes, an ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider the U.S. 
Department of Labor (the "DOL") regulation on investment duties, which can be found at 29 C.F.R. 
§ 2550.404a-1. ERISA also requires an ERISA Plan fiduciary to maintain for the ERISA Plan's assets 
indicia of ownership within the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Courts. 
Prohibited Transactions 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit transactions involving the assets of Plans and 
persons (and their affiliates) who have certain relationships to such Plans, such as the Plan's fiduciaries and 
other service providers (referred to as "parties in interest" under Section 3(14) of ERISA or "disqualified 
persons" under Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code, and collectively, "Parties in Interest"). A Party in Interest 
who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities. 
Whether or not the underlying assets of the Issuer are deemed to include assets of a Plan, an investment in 
any interest in the Notes by a Plan, to the extent it is permitted, with respect to which any of the Issuer, the

--- Page 225 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 210 - 
70-41079910 
 
Dealers, the Trustee or their respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction Party") is considered a Party in 
Interest may constitute or result in a direct or indirect prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA 
and/or Section 4975 of the Code (collectively, "prohibited transactions"), unless an administrative or 
statutory exemption is applicable to the transaction. 
The Transaction Parties may be Parties in Interest with respect to many Plans. The applicability of any 
exemption to the prohibited transaction rules will depend, in part, on the circumstances under which any 
such decision is made. Included among the exemptions are the administrative exemptions of Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 84-14 (for certain transactions determined or effected by 
independent "qualified professional asset managers"), PTCE 90-1 (for certain transactions involving 
insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTCE 91-38 (for certain transactions involving bank 
collective investment funds), PTCE 95-60 (for transactions involving certain insurance company general 
accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (for transactions managed by "in-house asset managers") and the statutory 
exemptions of Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (for the purchase and 
sale of securities and related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the securities nor any 
of its affiliates have or exercise any discretionary authority or control or render any investment advice with 
respect to the assets of any Plan involved in the transaction and provided further that the Plan pays no 
more than, and receives no less than, "adequate consideration" in connection with the transaction). 
The fiduciary of a Plan that proposes to acquire any interest in the Notes should consider, among other 
things, whether any such acquisition may involve (i) a direct or indirect extension of credit to a Party in 
Interest, (ii) a sale or exchange of any property between a Plan and a Party in Interest or (iii) a transfer to, 
or use by or for the benefit of, a Party in Interest of a Plan's assets. In this regard, there can be no assurance 
that any of these administrative or statutory exemptions will be available with respect to any transaction 
involving any interest in the Notes. Most of these exemptions do not provide relief from some or all of the 
self-dealing prohibitions under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Each Plan fiduciary is 
responsible to ensure that any purchase and holding of any interest in the Notes does not and will not 
constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction. 
Moreover, a Plan or any person or entity whose underlying assets are deemed for the purpose of Part 4 of 
Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code to include assets of any such Plan by reason of 
the DOL regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the "Plan Asset 
Regulation") (each, a "Benefit Plan Investor"), that purchases Notes denominated in U.S. dollars may 
also be deemed to be purchasing any rights the Benefit Plan Investor has to participate in the receipt of 
payments under a currency agreement in respect of such Notes denominated in U.S. dollars (any such 
participation rights, the "Currency Swap Rights"), in which case both the acquisition, holding and 
disposition of the relevant Notes denominated in U.S. dollars and corresponding Currency Swap Rights 
could give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code. 
However, the same administrative and statutory prohibited transaction class exemptions that would permit 
a Benefit Plan Investor to acquire, hold and dispose of Notes should also permit a Benefit Plan Investor's 
acquisition, holding and disposition of the Currency Swap Rights. 
Under the Plan Asset Regulation, when a Benefit Plan Investor's interest in an entity relates solely to 
separate property of an entity (such as a Currency Swap Right), such a separate property is treated as a 
separate entity for the purposes of the ERISA 25% calculation. It is possible that a Benefit Plan Investor's 
investment in Notes denominated in U.S. dollars could also be treated as an investment in any Currency 
Swap Right corresponding to such Notes denominated in U.S. dollars. This is far from clear. However, 
even if a Benefit Plan Investor were treated as investing in a Currency Swap Right, and somehow if the 
ERISA 25% threshold were exceeded with respect to any Currency Swap Rights, the terms of the Currency 
Swap Rights are fixed and the Issuer is not exercising any fiduciary discretion with respect to such Currency 
Swap Rights. Each Benefit Plan Investor that purchases Notes denominated in U.S. dollars will be deemed 
to acknowledge that: (i) it directs the Issuer to enter into a currency agreement in respect of any Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars on its behalf; and (ii) the Issuer is not acting as its fiduciary with respect to any 
such currency agreement. 
Similar Plans 
"Governmental plans" within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA, "church plans" within the meaning 
of Section 3(33) of ERISA that have made no election under Section 410(d) of the Code and non-U.S. plans 
described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA (any such plan, a "Similar Plan"), while not subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA or

--- Page 226 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 211 - 
70-41079910 
 
Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to any U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law or 
regulation that is substantially similar to the foregoing provisions of ERISA and the Code (any such law or 
regulation, a "Similar Law"). Fiduciaries of such Similar Plans should consult with their counsel before 
purchasing any interest in the Notes. 
Representations and Warranties 
The Notes issued under this Programme may generally be permitted to be held by a Benefit Plan Investor, 
so long as the particular issuance of the Notes becoming considered as an investment by a Benefit Plan 
Investor will be treated as indebtedness without substantial equity characteristics for purposes of Part 4 of 
Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. (any such permitted issuance, an "ERISA-
Permitted Issuance"). 
Each purchaser or transferee of any interest in the Notes will be required to represent and agree or be 
deemed to have represented and agreed that either (i) it is not and for so long as it holds any interest in the 
Notes will not be a Benefit Plan Investor, a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law or any entity 
whose assets are treated as assets of any such Benefit Plan Investor or Similar Plan or, (ii) provided that 
any interest in the Notes are purchased under an ERISA-Permitted Issuance, the purchase and holding of 
any interest in the Notes will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and in the case of a Similar Plan, a non-exempt 
violation of any Similar Law. 
Moreover, each purchaser or transferee of any interest in the Notes that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be 
deemed to have represented by its acquisition of any interest in the Notes that (a) none of the Transaction 
Parties (i) has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor 
or any fiduciary or other person investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor (a "Plan Fiduciary"), on 
which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to acquire 
any interest in the Notes, and (ii) is acting as a "fiduciary" within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA 
or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the 
Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of any interest in the Notes and (b) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its 
own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and not intended to be all-inclusive. Any fiduciary of a Benefit 
Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law who proposes to cause any such Benefit 
Plan Investor or Similar Plan to purchase any interest in the Notes to the extent that any such interest in the 
Notes are purchased under an ERISA-Permitted Issuance should consult with its counsel regarding the 
applicability of the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Part 4 of Subtitle B of 
Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code to such an investment, and to confirm that such investment 
will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction or any non-exempt violation of any 
applicable Similar Law.

--- Page 227 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 212 - 
70-41079910 
 
TAXATION 
United States 
The following summary discusses certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. Except as specifically noted below, this discussion applies only to 
Registered Notes: 
• 
treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
• 
with a maturity of 30 years or less; 
• 
purchased by U.S. Holders (as defined below); 
• 
purchased on original issuance at their published offer price; and 
• 
that are held as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant in light of a U.S. Holder's 
particular circumstances or to U.S. Holders subject to special rules, such as: 
• 
financial institutions; 
• 
insurance companies; 
• 
dealers in securities or foreign currencies; 
• 
persons holding Notes as part of a hedging transaction, straddle, conversion transaction or other 
integrated transaction; 
• 
persons holding Notes who are required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to the Notes as a result of such item being taken 
into account in an applicable financial statement; 
• 
U.S. Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; 
• 
partnerships or other entities or arrangements classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes and investors therein; or 
• 
former citizens and residents of the United States. 
This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), administrative 
pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations all as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and any of which may at any time be repealed, revised or subject to differing 
interpretation, possibly retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from 
those described below. No rulings have been requested from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") 
and there can be no guarantee that the IRS would not challenge, possibly successfully, the treatment 
described below. This discussion does not address any other U.S. federal tax laws (such as the alternative 
minimum tax, estate and gift tax, or the Medicare contribution tax on net investment income) nor does it 
address any non-U.S. tax rules. Moreover, this summary does not describe the U.S. federal income tax 
considerations relating to the purchase, ownership or disposition of a Note that is a dual currency note, an 
index linked interest note, an index linked redemption note, a Note treated as equity for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, a Note otherwise treated as a "contingent payment debt instrument" (under applicable U.S. 
Treasury Regulations) or certain "variable rate debt instruments" (under applicable U.S. Treasury 
Regulations). Persons considering the purchase of the Notes should consult their tax advisers with regard 
to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax 
consequences arising under any other U.S. federal laws or the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 228 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 213 - 
70-41079910 
 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is, for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes: 
• 
a citizen or an individual resident of the United States; 
• 
a corporation created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or of any State thereof 
or the District of Columbia; or 
• 
an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its 
source. 
If an entity or arrangement that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds 
Notes, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner 
and upon the activities of the partnership. Partnerships considering an investment in the Notes and partners 
of such partnerships should consult with their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of 
an investment in the Notes. 
Payments of interest 
Interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or 
is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
provided that the interest is "qualified stated interest" (as defined below). Interest income earned by a U.S. 
Holder with respect to a Note will constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
which may be relevant in calculating the U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. The rules regarding 
foreign tax credits are complex and prospective investors should consult their tax advisers about the 
application of such rules to them in their particular circumstances. Special rules governing the treatment of 
interest paid with respect to original issue discount notes and foreign currency notes are described under 
"—Original issue discount", and "—Foreign currency notes". 
Original issue discount 
A Note (including any Zero Coupon Note) that has an "issue price" that is less than its "stated redemption 
price at maturity" will be considered to have been issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (and will be referred to as an "original issue discount Note") unless the Note satisfies 
a de minimis threshold (as described below) or is a short-term Note (as defined below). The "issue price" 
of a Note generally will be the first price at which a substantial amount of the Notes is sold to the public 
(which does not include sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the 
capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers). However, the issue price of Notes issued in an 
issuance of further Notes with the same ISIN or CUSIP number as previously issued Notes, generally will 
be the issue price of the original Notes sold under that ISIN or CUSIP number. The "stated redemption 
price at maturity" of a Note generally will equal the sum of all payments required to be made under the 
Note other than payments of "qualified stated interest". "Qualified stated interest" is stated interest 
unconditionally payable (other than in debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually during the entire 
term of the Note at a single fixed rate of interest, at a single qualified floating rate of interest or at a rate 
that is determined at a single fixed formula that is based on objective financial or economic information. A 
rate is a qualified floating rate if variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to measure 
contemporaneous fluctuations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is 
denominated. 
If the difference between a Note's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de 
minimis amount, i.e. 1/4 of 1% of the stated redemption price at maturity, multiplied by the number of 
complete years to maturity (or weighted average maturity if any amount included in the stated redemption 
price at maturity is payable before maturity), the Note will not be considered to have original issue discount. 
U.S. Holders of the Notes with a de minimis amount of discount will include this discount in income, as 
capital gain, on a pro rata basis as principal payments are made on the Note. 
U.S. Holders of original issue discount Notes that mature more than one year from their date of issuance 
will be required to include original issue discount in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes as it 
accrues in accordance with a constant yield method based on a compounding of interest, regardless of 
whether cash attributable to this income is received. Under these rules, U.S. Holders generally will have to

--- Page 229 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 214 - 
70-41079910 
 
include in taxable income increasingly greater amounts of original issue discount in successive accrual 
periods. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any particular 
Note (including stated interest, acquisition discount, original issue discount, de minimis original issue 
discount, market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable 
bond premium or acquisition premium) in accordance with a constant yield method based on the 
compounding of interest, and generally may revoke such election only with the permission of the IRS (a 
"constant yield election"). If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election with respect to a Note with 
market discount (discussed below), the U.S. Holder will be treated as having made an election to include 
market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments with market discount acquired by 
the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies. 
U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers about making this election in light of their particular 
circumstances. 
A Note that matures one year or less from its date of issuance (a "short-term Note") will be treated as 
being issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated interest 
regardless of issue price. In general, a cash method U.S. Holder of a short-term Note is not required to 
accrue the discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so. Cash method U.S. Holders 
who do not elect to accrue the discount should include stated interest payments on short-term Notes as 
ordinary income upon receipt. Cash method U.S. Holders who do elect to accrue the discount and certain 
other U.S. Holders, including those who report income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, are required to include the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, 
unless another election is made to accrue the discount according to a constant yield method based on daily 
compounding. In the case of a U.S. Holder who is not required and who does not elect, to include the 
discount in income currently, any gain realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement of the short-term Note 
will be ordinary income to the extent of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, 
according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or 
retirement. In addition, those U.S. Holders will be required to defer deductions for any interest paid on 
indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry short-term Notes in an amount not exceeding the accrued 
discount until the accrued discount is included in income. 
The Issuer may have an unconditional option to redeem, or U.S. Holders may have an unconditional option 
to require the Issuer to redeem, a Note prior to its stated maturity date. Under applicable regulations, if the 
Issuer has an unconditional option to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will be 
presumed to be exercised if, by utilising any date on which the Note may be redeemed as the maturity date 
and the amount payable on that date in accordance with the terms of the Note as the stated redemption price 
at maturity, the yield on the Note would be lower than its yield to maturity. If the U.S. Holders have an 
unconditional option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will 
be presumed to be exercised if, making the same assumptions as those set forth in the previous sentence, 
the yield on the Note would be higher than its yield to maturity. If it was presumed that an option would be 
exercised but it is not in fact exercised, the Note would be treated solely for purposes of calculating original 
issue discount as if it were redeemed, and a new Note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an 
amount equal to the Note's adjusted issue price on that date. The adjusted issue price of an original issue 
discount Note is defined as the sum of the issue price of the Note and the aggregate amount of previously 
accrued original issue discount, less any prior payments other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
Market discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note (other than a short-term Note) in an issuance of further Notes that has 
the same ISIN or CUSIP number as previously issued Notes for an amount that is less than its stated 
redemption price at maturity or, in the case of an original issue discount Note, its revised issue price, the 
amount of the difference will be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless 
this difference is less than a specified de minimis amount. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to treat any principal payment (or, in the case of an original issue discount 
Note, any payment that does not constitute qualified stated interest) on, or any gain on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, including disposition in certain nonrecognition transactions, as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount accrued on the Note at the time of the payment or 
disposition unless this market discount has been previously included in income by the U.S. Holder pursuant 
to an election by the U.S. Holder to include market discount in income as it accrues. An election to include

--- Page 230 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 215 - 
70-41079910 
 
market discount in income as it accrues applies to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by 
the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies and 
may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. In addition, a U.S. Holder that does not elect to include 
market discount in income currently may be required to defer, until the maturity of the Note or its earlier 
disposition (including certain non-taxable transactions), the deduction of all or a portion of the interest 
expense on any indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry such Note. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight line basis unless a U.S. Holder makes an election with respect to 
a particular note to accrue on a constant yield basis (as described under "—Original issue discount"). Such 
election will result in a deemed election for all market discount bonds acquired by the U.S. Holder on or 
after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies. 
Acquisition premium and amortisable bond premium 
A U.S. Holder who purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the Note's adjusted issue price, but 
less than or equal to sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments of 
qualified stated interest, will be considered to have purchased the Note at an acquisition premium. Under 
the acquisition premium rules, the amount of original issue discount that the U.S. Holder must include in 
its gross income with respect to the Note for any taxable year will be reduced by the portion of acquisition 
premium properly allocable to that year. 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the stated redemption price at maturity, 
the U.S. Holder will be considered to have purchased the Note with amortisable bond premium equal in 
amount to the excess of the purchase price over the amount payable at maturity. The U.S. Holder may elect 
to amortise this premium, using a constant yield method, over the remaining term of the Note. A U.S. 
Holder who elects to amortise bond premium must reduce its tax basis in the Note by the amount of the 
premium amortised in any year. An election to amortise bond premium applies to all taxable debt 
obligations then owned and thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder and may be revoked only with the 
consent of the IRS. Bond premium on a Note held by a U.S. Holder that does not make such an election 
will decrease the gain or increase the loss otherwise recognised on disposition of the Note. Special rules 
limit the amortisation of bond premium in the case of Notes subject to certain options, including callable 
Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers about these rules, if applicable. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "—Original issue discount") for a Note 
with amortisable bond premium, such election will result in a deemed election to amortise bond premium 
for all of the U.S. Holder's debt instruments with amortisable bond premium. 
Sale, exchange or retirement of the notes 
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, a U.S. Holder will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to 
the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's 
adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the 
acquisition cost of the Note increased by the amount of original issue discount and market discount included 
in the Noteholder's gross income and decreased by any bond premium or acquisition premium previously 
amortised and by the amount of any payment received from the Issuer other than a payment of qualified 
stated interest. Gain or loss, if any, will generally be U.S. source income for purposes of computing a U.S. 
Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. For these purposes, the amount realised does not include any amount 
attributable to accrued but unpaid qualified stated interest on the Note. Amounts attributable to accrued but 
unpaid qualified stated interest are treated as payments of interest as described under "—Payments of 
interest". 
Gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will generally be capital gain or loss and 
will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of the sale, exchange or retirement the U.S. Holder has 
held the Note for more than one year. Exceptions to this general rule apply to the extent of any accrued 
market discount or, in the case of a short-term Note, to the extent of any accrued discount not previously 
included in the U.S. Holder's taxable income. See "—Original issue discount" and "—Market discount". In 
addition, other exceptions to this general rule apply in the case of foreign currency Notes; see "—Foreign 
currency notes". The deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations.

--- Page 231 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 216 - 
70-41079910 
 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder in exchange for new notes issued by the new 
obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder could be required to recognise capital gain or 
loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the issue price of the new 
notes (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes), and the U.S. Holder's tax basis (as determined 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) in the Notes. Depending on their issue price, the new notes may be 
issued with original issue discount or premium for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Subject to a de minimis 
exception discussed above, the amount of original issue discount, if any, would be equal to the excess of 
the stated principal amount of the new notes over the issue price of the new notes and generally would be 
includible in income over the term of the new notes on a constant-yield basis and in advance of cash 
payments attributable to such income. The amount of premium, if any, would be equal to the excess of the 
issue price of the new notes over the stated principal amount of the new notes, and a U.S. Holder could 
elect to amortise any such premium under a constant-yield method over the term of the new notes as an 
offset to interest income on the new notes. A U.S. Holder that makes such an election would have to reduce 
its tax basis in a Note by the amount of the premium amortised during its holding period. Any such election 
generally would apply to all obligations owned or acquired by the U.S. Holder in that taxable year and all 
subsequent taxable years and could not be revoked without the permission of the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the tax consequences to them of a change in 
obligor with respect to the Notes. 
Foreign currency notes 
The following discussion summarises the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder 
of the ownership and disposition of the Notes that are denominated in a specified currency other than the 
U.S. dollar or the payments of interest or principal on which are determined by reference to a currency other 
than the U.S. dollar ("foreign currency Notes"). 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, exchange 
or other disposition of a foreign currency Note to be recharacterised as ordinary income or loss. The rules 
applicable to foreign currency Notes are complex and may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. 
federal income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under these rules, and whether a 
U.S. Holder should make any of these elections may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. federal 
income tax situation. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of foreign currency Notes. 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest in a foreign currency with respect to a foreign currency Note will be required to include in income 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined on the date the payment is received) 
regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at the time, and this U.S. dollar value 
will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder (or cash method U.S. Holder with respect to original issue discount) will 
be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount of interest income, including original 
issue discount, that has accrued and is otherwise required to be taken into account with respect to a foreign 
currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. dollar value of the accrued income will be determined by 
translating the income at the average rate of exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the partial period within the taxable year. 
Alternatively, the U.S. Holder described in the preceding paragraph may elect to translate interest income, 
including original issue discount, into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day in the interest accrual 
period (or, in the case of a partial accrual period, the spot rate on the last day of the partial accrual period 
in the taxable year) or, if the date of receipt is within five business days of the last day of the interest accrual 
period, the spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. Holder that makes this election must apply it consistently 
to all debt instruments from year to year and cannot change the election without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder that has accrued interest income as described in either of the two preceding paragraphs will 
recognise ordinary income or loss with respect to accrued income on the date the corresponding payment

--- Page 232 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 217 - 
70-41079910 
 
is actually received. The amount of ordinary income or loss recognised will equal the difference between 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment determined on the date the payment is received, and 
the U.S. dollar value that was accrued with respect to the accrual period. 
Original issue discount, market discount, acquisition premium and amortisable bond premium on a foreign 
currency Note are to be determined in the relevant foreign currency. Where the taxpayer elects to include 
market discount in income currently, the amount of market discount will be determined for any accrual 
period in the relevant foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars on the basis of the average rate 
in effect during the accrual period. Exchange gain or loss realised with respect to such accrued market 
discount shall be determined in accordance with the rules relating to accrued interest described above. 
Accrued market discount (other than market discount currently included in income) taken into account upon 
the receipt of any partial principal payment or upon the sale, retirement or other disposition of a Note is 
translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on such payment or disposition date. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium taken into account on a current 
basis shall reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency. Exchange gain or loss is realised 
on amortised bond premium with respect to any period by treating the bond premium amortised in the 
period in the same manner as payments on the sale, exchange or retirement of the foreign currency Note, 
as described below. Any exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as described below. If the 
election is not made, any loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note with 
amortisable bond premium by a U.S. Holder who has not elected to amortise the premium will be a capital 
loss to the extent of the bond premium. 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note that is attributable to 
fluctuation in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss that will not be treated as interest 
income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will equal the difference 
between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency principal amount of the Note, determined on the 
date the Note is disposed of, and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency principal amount of the 
Note, determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Payments received attributable to accrued 
interest will be treated in accordance with the rules applicable to payments of interest on foreign currency 
Notes described above. The foreign currency gain or loss will be recognised only to the extent of the total 
gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or retirement of the foreign currency Note. 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value 
of such amount on the date of sale, exchange or retirement or, in the case of Notes traded on an established 
securities market, as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder 
(or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale. The source of the foreign 
currency gain or loss will be determined by reference to the residence of the U.S. Holder on whose books 
the Note is properly reflected. Any gain or loss realised by these U.S. Holders in excess of the foreign 
currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss except to the extent of any accrued market discount or, in 
the case of short-term Note, to the extent of any discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's 
income. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences of receiving 
payments in a currency different from the currency in which payments with respect to such Note accrue 
and how to account for the U.S. dollar value of payments made or received upon the acquisition or 
disposition of Notes. 
Reference rate replacement 
Under the relevant Final Terms of the Notes, when any Rate of Interest (or component thereof) in respect 
of a relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes can no longer be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, 
the Issuer may be required to replace the reference rate to a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (such change, a "Reference Rate Replacement"). It is possible that a Reference 
Rate Replacement will be treated as a deemed exchange of old notes for new notes, which may be taxable 
to U.S. Holders, or may affect the calculation of original issue discount. U.S. Holders should consult with 
their tax advisers regarding the potential consequences of a Reference Rate Replacement. 
Recent Treasury regulations describe circumstances under which a Reference Rate Replacement related to 
an IBOR referencing rate (or related adjustments to the interest rate on the Notes) would not be treated as 
a deemed exchange and would not affect the calculation of original issue discount, provided certain 
conditions are met. However, there can be no assurance that these regulations will provide any relief from 
the tax consequences described above if such transition is effected. Prospective investors in the Notes are

--- Page 233 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 218 - 
70-41079910 
 
urged to consult with their tax advisers regarding the potential applicability of these rules to their particular 
situations. 
Information reporting and backup withholding 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes and the proceeds 
from a sale or other disposition of the Notes. A U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on 
these payments if it fails to provide its tax identification number to the paying agent and comply with certain 
certification procedures. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be 
allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the U.S. 
Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers about any additional reporting obligations that may apply as 
a result of the acquisition, holding or disposition of the Notes. Failure to comply with certain reporting 
obligations could result in the imposition of substantial penalties. 
THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX DISCUSSION SET FORTH ABOVE IS INCLUDED FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE DEPENDING UPON A 
U.S. HOLDER'S PARTICULAR SITUATION. U.S. HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX 
ADVISERS WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE 
OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES 
UNDER STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS 
OF CHANGES IN U.S. FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
Nigeria 
No withholding taxes will be deductible in Nigeria for any payments made in relation to the Notes. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax ("FTT") 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
"participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 234 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 219 - 
70-41079910 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 23 April 2021 (the 
"Programme Agreement"), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time 
to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of 
the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future 
update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain Dealers participating in the offering 
of the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of 
the relevant Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically, such Dealers may over allot 
or create a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to 
them by the Issuer. Such Dealers may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in 
the open market. In addition, such Dealers may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for 
or purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions 
allowed to syndicate members or other broker dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are 
reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation 
transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price 
of the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a 
penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No 
representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such 
transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Under UK laws and regulations stabilising 
activities may only be carried on by the Stabilising Manager and only for a limited period following the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers may have provided, and may in the future provide, directly or indirectly through 
affiliates, investment and commercial banking, financial advisory and other services in the ordinary course 
of business to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to time, for which they have received, or may in the 
future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Transfer restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer 
an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will 
be required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined 
in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB who is also a QP, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account 
or for the account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs and it is aware that any sale to it is being 
made in reliance on Rule 144A or (b) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person;

--- Page 235 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 220 - 
70-41079910 
 
(ii) 
that if it is a U.S. Person within the meaning of Regulation S, it is (a) not a broker-dealer which 
owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than U.S.$25.0 million in securities of unaffiliated 
issuers, (b) not a participant-directed employee plan, such as a 401(k) plan, (c) not formed for the 
purpose of investing in the Notes or the Issuer, and (d) aware, and each beneficial owner of such 
Notes has been advised, that the seller of such Notes may be relying on the exemption from the 
provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A; 
(iii) 
that it will, (a) along with each account for which it is purchasing, hold and transfer beneficial 
interests in the Rule 144A Global Notes in a principal amount that is not less than U.S.$200,000 
and (b) provide notice of these transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferees. In addition, it 
understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Issuer's 
securities from one or more book-entry depositories; 
(iv) 
that it understands that the Issuer has the power to compel any beneficial owner of Rule 144A 
Global Notes that is a U.S. person and is not a QIB and a QP to sell its interest in the Rule 144A 
Notes, or may sell such interest on behalf of such owner. The Issuer has the right to refuse to honour 
the transfer of an interest in the Rule 144A Notes to a U.S. person who is not a QIB and a QP; 
(v) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except as set forth below; 
(vi) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and is a non-U.S. person located 
outside the United States, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes 
or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so only: (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, 
(ii) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a 
QP purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB who is also a QP in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 
903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided 
by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (v) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State 
securities laws; 
(vii) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (vi) above, if then applicable; 
(viii) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs who are also QPs will be represented by 
one or more Rule 144A Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(ix) 
that it understands that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to 
the following effect, unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION 
OF THE UNITED STATES, AND THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A") TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER 
AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A (A "QIB") 
THAT IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER ("QP") WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 
2(A)(51) OF THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE 
"INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT") PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS EACH OF WHICH IS A QP WHOM THE HOLDER 
HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, AND IN AN AMOUNT FOR EACH ACCOUNT OF NOT LESS THAN U.S.$200,000 
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERSON

--- Page 236 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 221 - 
70-41079910 
 
LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S") IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S, AND, IN EACH CASE 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE 
HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY 
PURCHASER FROM IT OF THE NOTES IN RESPECT HEREOF OF THE RESALE 
RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE 
FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL 
NOT 
OPERATE 
TO 
TRANSFER 
ANY 
RIGHTS 
TO 
THE 
TRANSFEREE, 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER OF 
THIS NOTE, THE TRUSTEE OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE. 
IF THE BENEFICIAL OWNER HEREOF IS A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S, SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A QIB THAT 
IS ALSO A QP; (2) IT IS NOT A BROKER-DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON A 
DISCRETIONARY 
BASIS 
LESS 
THAN 
U.S.$25,000,000 
IN 
SECURITIES 
OF 
UNAFFILIATED ISSUERS; (3) IT IS NOT A PARTICIPANT-DIRECTED EMPLOYEE PLAN, 
SUCH AS A 401(K) PLAN; (4) IT IS HOLDING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS, EACH OF WHICH IS A QP; (5) IT WAS 
NOT FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER OR THIS NOTE; (6) 
IT UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS 
HOLDING POSITIONS IN ITS SECURITIES FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY 
DEPOSITARIES AND (7) IT WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE FOREGOING TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS TO ITS SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREES. 
THE BENEFICIAL OWNER HEREOF HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME 
WHILE IT HOLDS AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IT IS A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF REGULATION S THAT IS NOT A QIB AND A QP, THE ISSUER MAY (A) 
COMPEL IT TO SELL ITS INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON WHO IS (I) A U.S. 
PERSON WHO IS A QIB AND A QP THAT IS, IN EACH CASE, OTHERWISE QUALIFIED 
TO PURCHASE THIS NOTE IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (II) NOT A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S WHO IS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND IS 
PURCHASING SUCH NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION OR (B) COMPEL THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNER TO SELL ITS INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO THE ISSUER OR AN 
AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER OR TRANSFER ITS INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON 
DESIGNATED BY OR ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE 
LESSER OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER, 
(Y) 100% OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF OR (Z) THE FAIR MARKET VALUE 
THEREOF. THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF AN 
INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A U.S. PERSON WHO IS NOT A QIB AND A QP. THE ISSUER 
HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT, BUT RATHER INTENDS TO RELY ON AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION THEREUNDER WHICH LIMITS THE TYPE OF INVESTORS THAT MAY 
BE PERMITTED TO PURCHASE AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO THOSE THAT ARE 
QPS. 
THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS NOTE THAT IS A U.S. 
PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY 
THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS A QIB AND A QP".; 
(x) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance 
of the Notes), it will do so only (i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 
under the Securities Act or (ii) to a QIB who is also a QP in compliance with Rule 144A, in each 
case in accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the

--- Page 237 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 222 - 
70-41079910 
 
Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by 
the Issuer: 
"THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS OF THE UNITED STATES AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED INTO OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF 
THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL 
THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. TERMS USED 
ABOVE WHICH ARE NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO 
THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT"; and 
(xi) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations 
or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is 
acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of a Rule 144A Global Note (as defined in "Form of the Notes—Registered Notes") or any Notes 
issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together, "Legended Notes") in the United 
States to any one purchaser will be for less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) principal amount and no Legended Note will be 
issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary 
acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) principal 
amount of Registered Notes. 
Selling restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury Regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Regulation S ("Regulation 
S Notes"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, 
as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, 
the relevant lead manager(s), of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United

--- Page 238 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 223 - 
70-41079910 
 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
The Dealer may, directly or through its respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates, arrange for the offer and 
resale of Notes within the United States pursuant to Rule 144A only to persons whom they reasonably 
believe are Qualified Institutional Buyers ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A and qualified 
purchasers ("QPs") as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended, who can represent that (a) they are QIBs who are also QPs, (b) they are not broker-dealers who 
own and invest on a discretionary basis less than U.S.$25.0 million in securities of unaffiliated issuers, (c) 
they are not a participant-directed employee plan, such as a 401(k) plan, (d) they are acting for their own 
account, or the account of one or more QIBs each of which is also a QP, (e) they are not formed for the 
purpose of investing in the Issuer or the Notes, (f) each account for which they are purchasing will hold and 
transfer at least U.S.$200,000 in principal amount of Notes at any time, (g) they understand that the Issuer 
may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities from one or more book-entry 
depositaries, and (h) they will provide notice of the transfer restrictions set forth in this Base Prospectus to 
any subsequent transferees. 
If it is a QIB that is also a QP purchasing the Notes pursuant to Rule 144A, it will not offer, sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Notes except (i) (a) to the Issuer, (b) to a person whom the purchaser reasonably 
believes is a QIB that is also a QP in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (c) in an offshore 
transaction complying with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (d) in a transaction that is otherwise 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act but only upon delivery to the Issuer of an 
opinion of counsel in form and scope satisfactory to the Issuer and (ii) in accordance with all applicable 
securities laws of the States of the United States. 
Rand Merchant Bank, a division of FirstRand Bank Limited (London Branch) is not a U.S. registered broker 
dealer and may not make sales of any Notes in the United States or to U.S. persons except in compliance 
with applicable U.S. laws and regulations. To the extent that Rand Merchant Bank intends to effect sales 
of Notes in the United States, it will do so only through its Rule 15a-6 relationship with U.S. registered 
broker-dealer RMB Securities (USA) Inc., or through one or more U.S. registered broker-dealers or 
otherwise as permitted by applicable U.S. law. The activities of Rand Merchant Bank, a division of 
FirstRand Bank Limited (London Branch) in the United States will be effected only to the extent permitted 
by Rule 15a-6 under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable" each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 239 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 224 - 
70-41079910 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable" in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Relevant State: 
(a) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of such Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of UK MiFIR. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer;

--- Page 240 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 225 - 
70-41079910 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act 2020 (the "FinSA") because the Notes have a minimum 
denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be 
admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This 
Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been 
or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
South Africa 
Each Dealer has agreed that it has not and will not offer or solicit any offers for sale or subscription or sell 
any Notes in the Republic of South Africa except in accordance with the Exchange Control Regulations (as 
defined below), the Companies Act, 2008 (the "SA Companies Act"), the Banks Act, 1990 and any other 
applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of South Africa in force from time to time. In particular, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not make an "offer to the public" (as such expression is 
defined in the SA Companies Act) of Notes (whether for subscription, purchase or sale) in the Republic of 
South Africa. 
This Base Prospectus does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a prospectus prepared and registered under 
the SA Companies Act. 
No South African residents may subscribe for, or purchase, the Notes or beneficially own or hold any of 
the Notes, unless such subscription, purchase, or beneficial holding or ownership is permitted under the 
Exchange Control Regulations, 1961, promulgated under the Currency and Exchanges Act, 1933, and the 
policies, directives and rules of the South African Reserve Bank (the "Exchange Control Regulations"), 
or applicable law or specific approval has been obtained by the investor from the Financial Surveillance 
Department of the South African Reserve Bank, and by participating in the offer investors are deemed to 
have warranted that they have the requisite exchange control approvals in place for participating in the offer 
and acquiring the Notes. 
Information made available in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as "advice" as defined in the 
Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002.: 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global 
Market) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly 
promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates (the "UAE") other than in compliance with any 
laws applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering or sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to any person in the 
Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business (COBS) Module of the DFSA rulebook.

--- Page 241 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 226 - 
70-41079910 
 
Abu Dhabi Global Market 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to any person in the Abu 
Dhabi Global Market unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Financial Services 
Regulatory Authority (the "FSRA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who are Authorised Person or Recognised Bodies (as such terms are defined 
in the FSRA Financial Services and Markets Regulation 2015 ("FSMR")) or persons to whom an 
invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 18 of 
FSMR) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be 
communicated or caused to be communicated; or 
(c) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.4 of the FRSA 
Conduct of Business (COBS) Module of the FSRA rulebook. 
Qatar 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver 
or sell at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except 
(a) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
and (b) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or 
engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre). This Base Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed or approved by the Qatar 
Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial 
Centre Regulatory Authority or any other relevant Qatar governmental body or securities exchange, may 
not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and is only intended 
for specific recipients, in compliance with the foregoing. 
Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell any Notes except 
on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund); or 
(d) 
any other entity which is an "accredited" investor as defined in the Central Bank of Bahrain 
Rulebook. 
Nigeria 
This Base Prospectus and the Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Nigerian SEC, or 
under the Nigerian ISA and the Nigerian SEC Rules. Further, neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering material related to the Notes may be utilised in connection with any offering to the public within 
Nigeria, and the Notes may not be offered or sold within Nigeria to persons resident in Nigeria, except to 
the extent that the Notes have been registered with the Nigerian SEC and the written approval of the 
Nigerian SEC has been obtained in accordance with the provisions of the Nigerian ISA, the Nigerian SEC 
Rules and other Nigerian securities law and regulations.

--- Page 242 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 227 - 
70-41079910 
 
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus is not directed at, and the Notes are not available for subscription by, 
any persons within Nigeria other than the selected investors to whom the Base Prospectus has been 
addressed as a private sale, or domestic concern, within the exemption and meaning of Section 69(2) of the 
Nigerian ISA. 
Hong Kong 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by or registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. No person may offer or sell in 
Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or 
(ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance. No person may issue 
or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws 
of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Notes. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to "institutional clients" and "qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the "Rules on the Offer of 
Securities and Continuing Obligations" issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA") 
pursuant to its resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 9/4/1439H, corresponding to 27/12/2017G (as amended 
by the Board of the CMA pursuant to resolution number 3-6-2024 dated 5/7/1445H, corresponding to 
17/1/2024G (as amended from time to time, the "KSA Regulations") or by way of a limited offer under 
Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that any offer of Notes made by it to an investor in Saudi Arabia or who is 
a Saudi person will be made in compliance with either Article 8(a)(i) or Article 9 and Article 10 of the KSA 
Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
Article 14 of the KSA Regulations.

--- Page 243 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 228 - 
70-41079910 
 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Restraint Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for recession or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for recession or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non- 
Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), 
the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter 
conflicts of interest in connection with an offering. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the 
Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or in the relevant Final Terms. 
Covered Fund 
The Issuer is considered a "covered fund" as defined in the Volcker Rule. The definition of "covered fund" 
in the Volcker Rule includes (generally) any entity that would be an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), but for the exemption provided under 
Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) thereunder. Because the Issuer relies on Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act for its 
exemption from registration thereunder (which limits sales of the Notes to "qualified purchasers", as such 
term is defined in the 1940 Act) it is considered to be a covered fund, hence certain entities may be 
prohibited under the Volcker Rule from, among other things, acquiring or retaining an "ownership interest" 
in the Issuer as a covered fund. Under the Volcker Rule, "ownership interest" is defined broadly to include 
any participation or other interest that entitles the holder of such interest to, among other things: (a) vote to 
remove management or otherwise other than as a creditor exercising remedies upon an event of default (b) 
share in the income, gains, profits or excess spread of the covered fund; or (c) receive underlying assets of 
the covered fund. The Issuer does not believe that an investment in the Notes issued under the Programme 
would constitute acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in a covered fund. See "Risk Factors―Risks 
Related to the Notes―Volcker Rule" for further information.

--- Page 244 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 229 - 
70-41079910 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 26 February 2015 and 13 September 2024, respectively. All necessary 
corporate and regulatory approvals will be obtained by the Issuer prior to each issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. 
LEI 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 213800LXFHRRXIJRXW97. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the 
issue of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to listing on the FCA Official List and to 
trading on the London Stock Exchange's main market will be admitted separately as and when issued, 
subject only to the issue of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Application may be made to the FCA for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on 
the FCA Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for such Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
London Stock Exchange's main market. Any Notes intended to be admitted to trading on the main market 
of the London Stock Exchange will be so admitted to trading upon submission to the London Stock 
Exchange of the relevant Final Terms and any other information required by the London Stock Exchange. 
Documents available 
For the life of this Base Prospectus, electronic copies of the following documents will, when published, be 
available on https://www.africafc.org/investor-and-country-relations/with-investors: 
• 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
• 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
• 
this Base Prospectus; 
• 
any future Base Prospectus, Drawdown Prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements 
including Final Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference; and 
• 
The 
Financial 
Statements, 
when 
published, 
will 
be 
made 
available 
at 
https://www.africafc.org/investor-and-country-relations/with-investors/reports. 
Clearing systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). In 
addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in 
book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such Registered Notes, 
together with the relevant ISIN and (if applicable) common code, will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative 
clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus (as applicable).

--- Page 245 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 230 - 
70-41079910 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B 1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or material change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
30 June 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document 
which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer. 
Independent Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of Africa Finance Corporation and its subsidiary as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, included in this Base Prospectus have been audited by KPMG 
Professional Services, Chartered Accountants, ("KPMG"), Independent Auditors, as stated in their reports 
appearing herein. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Africa Finance Corporation 
and its subsidiary as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 have been reviewed by KPMG. KPMG 
is an independent auditor in accordance with the International Ethics Standard Board for Accountants' 
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence 
Standards) (IESBA code) as well as the ethical requirements in Nigeria that are relevant to KPMG's audit 
of the Financial Statements in this Base Prospectus. 
KPMG does not have any material interest in the Issuer. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to the notes and is not itself seeking admission of the notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 246 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 231 - 
70-41079910 
 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Africa Finance Corporation Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 
2022 ................................................................................................................................ 
 
Statement of Directors' Responsibility .............................................................................. 
F-3 
Report of the Audit and Compliance Committee .............................................................. 
F-4 
Independent Auditor's Report ............................................................................................ 
F-5 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ................................................................................ 
F-10 
Statement of Financial Position ......................................................................................... 
F-11 
Statement of Changes in Equity ........................................................................................ 
F-12 
Statement of Cash Flows ................................................................................................... 
F-13 
Notes to the financial statements ....................................................................................... 
F-14 
Africa Finance Corporation Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 
2023 ................................................................................................................................ 
 
Statement of Directors' Responsibility .............................................................................. 
F-98 
Report of the Audit and Compliance Committee .............................................................. 
F-99 
Report of the Independent Auditor .................................................................................... 
F-100 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ................................................................................ 
F-105 
Statement of Financial Position ......................................................................................... 
F-106 
Statement of Changes in Equity ........................................................................................ 
F-107 
Statement of Cash Flows ................................................................................................... 
F-108 
Notes to the financial statements ....................................................................................... 
F-109 
 
Africa Finance Corporation Interim Financial Statements for the six months ended 
30 June 2024 .................................................................................................................. 
 
Statement of Directors' Responsibility .............................................................................. 
F-193 
Report of the Independent Auditor .................................................................................... 
F-194 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income ......................................... 
F-196 
Statement of Financial Position ......................................................................................... 
F-197 
Statement of Changes in Equity ........................................................................................ 
F-198 
Statement of Cash Flows ................................................................................................... 
F-199 
Notes to the financial statements ....................................................................................... 
F-200

--- Page 247 ---
Annual Report  
2022
Shaping an  
African Era of 
Transformation
Instrumental Infrastructure. 
Instrumental Africa.
Africafc.org
1
f-1

--- Page 248 ---
11
Africa Finance Corporation
Financial 
Report
Africa Finance Corporation
138
2
f-2

--- Page 249 ---
Chairman
President & CEO
Statement of directors’
responsibilities 
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements for each ﬁnancial years, that give a true and fair 
view of the state of ﬁnancial affairs of the Corporation at the end of 
the year and of its proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income. The 
Directors are also responsible for ensuring that the Corporation keeps 
proper accounting records that disclose, with reasonable accuracy, 
the ﬁnancial position of the Corporation. They are also responsible for 
safeguarding the assets of the Corporation.
The Directors accept responsibility for the annual ﬁnancial statements, 
which have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies 
supported by reasonable estimates, in conformity with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS standards). The Directors further 
accept responsibility for the maintenance of accounting records that 
may be relied upon in the preparation of the ﬁnancial statements, as 
well as for designing, implementing and maintaining internal controls 
relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of ﬁnancial 
statements that are free from material misstatement.
Nothing has come to the attention of the Directors to indicate that the 
Corporation will not remain a going concern for at least twelve 
months from the date of this statement.
Approval of Annual Financial Statements 
The annual ﬁnancial statements, presented on pages 147 to 231, were 
approved by the Board of Directors on 3 March 2023 and were signed 
on its behalf by:
Annual Report 2022
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
140
3
F-3

--- Page 250 ---
Report of the Audit and Compliance Committee
to the Board of Directors and general meeting of
the Africa Finance Corporation
After due consideration, the Committee accepted the report of the auditors to the 
effect that the consolidated ﬁnancial statements were prepared in accordance 
with the IFRS standards and gave a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Corporation’s ﬁnancial condition as at 31 December 2022.
The Committee, therefore, recommended that the audited ﬁnancial statements of 
the Corporation for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2022 and the auditor’s 
report thereon be approved by the Board of Directors and presented for 
consideration by shareholders at the annual general meeting.
Ms Kirstine Damkjaer 
 
In compliance with the provisions of Article 28 of the Charter of the Africa Finance 
Corporation and pursuant to the terms of the Audit and Compliance Committee 
(the “Committee”) statute concerning the establishment, membership, functions 
and powers of the Audit Committee of the Africa Finance Corporation, the 
Committee considered the audited consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, at its meeting held on 24 February 2023.
Chairperson 
 
Audit & Compliance Committee 
Mr. Akin Ogunranti  
 
Members of the Committee 
 
 
 
 
 
The Committee reviewed and was satisﬁed with the auditor’s submissions.
The Committee accepted the provision made in the ﬁnancial statements for the 
remuneration of the auditors and recommended that the Board of Directors 
accept same. Furthermore, the Committee recommended to the shareholders, 
the reappointment of KPMG as the Corporation’s external auditors for the 2023 
ﬁnancial year.
In our opinion, the scope and planning of the audit for the year ended 31 
December 2022 were adequate.
Mr. Mudassir Amray
Mr. Bolaji Lawal  
Dr. Kevin Amugo  
Dr. Hassan Mahmud 
 
African Finance Corporation
Annual Report 2022
141
4
f-4

--- Page 251 ---
the notes, comprising significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Ÿ
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and   
Ÿ
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
Basis for Opinion
To the Shareholders of Africa Finance Corporation
the consolidated statement of changes in equity;  
Ÿ
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Africa Finance Corporation and its subsidiaries (together,
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those 
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
section of our report. We are independent of the Corporation in accordance with International Ethics Standards Board for 
Accountants International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) 
(IESBA Code) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements in Nigeria and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion.
The determination of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) allowance requires the application of certain financial indices which are 
estimated from historical financial data obtained from within and outside the Corporation, as inputs, into complex 
financial models.
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December, 2022;  
Ÿ
Opinion
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these 
matters.
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
“the Corporation”), which comprise:
Key Audit Matters
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income;  
Ÿ
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial 
position of the Corporation as at 31 December, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated 
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Standards as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (IFRS Standards).
Expected Credit Loss on Loans and Advances to Customers
Africa Finance Corporation
142
5
f-5

--- Page 252 ---
— Incorporation of forward-looking information, which includes consideration of the impact of changes in the 
economic environment;  
Our procedures included the following:
— Probability of a loan becoming past due and subsequently defaulting;  
The approach used in estimating the ECL allowance on loans and advances to customers is based on whether there is a 
significant increase in credit risk on the loan portfolio. Where there is evidence of a significant increase in credit risk on 
loans and advances to customers, the ECL allowance is estimated from losses expected to result from default events 
over the life of the loans. Where there is no evidence of significant increase in credit risk for loans and advances to 
customers, the ECL allowance is recognized based on an estimate of the losses expected to result from default events 
within 12 months after the reporting date. The estimate of the expected credit losses is an output of the model, with the 
key judgements and assumptions such as the:
— Criteria for assessing significant increase in credit risk (SICR); 
— Identification of impaired loans and advances and the estimation of the loss allowances.
The ECL allowance on loans and advances to customers is considered to be of most significance in the audit due to the 
high level of subjectivity, judgments and assumptions applied by management in determining the impairment allowance 
required.
How the matter was addressed in our audit
— The Board Risk and Investment Committee's review and monitoring of the performance loans and advances to 
customers; 
— Management review of the model assumptions and inputs; and the resultant ECL allowance arising from the 
model 
— Management review and approval of the expected credit losses arising from the model.
We examined the staging of loans and advances to customers by assessing whether the staging analysis used in 
Ÿ
the ECL allowance measurement are consistent with the Corporation's credit risk management policy and is 
accurate and complete. We assessed the appropriateness of the Corporation's determination of significant increase 
in credit risk and the resultant classification of loans into the various stages by examining the performance of loans 
and advances to customers as at 31 December 2022. For loans and advances to customers which have shown a 
significant increase in credit risk, we evaluated the level of past due obligations and qualitative factors such as 
available industry information about the obligors to determine whether the Corporation should make an estimate 
based on the losses expected to result from default events within a year or defined default events over the life of 
the facilities. We also agreed significant loans and advances to customers to relevant documentation such as loan 
agreements, repayment schedules and the bank statements.
With the assistance of our Financial Risk Management specialists, we tested the key data and assumptions input 
Ÿ
into the ECL model used by the Corporation and the accuracy of the expected credit loss charged by:
— Assessing the appropriateness of the Corporation's forward-looking assumptions by corroborating 
management's assumptions with publicly available information from external sources;
— Challenging the reasonableness of the Corporation's ECL methodology, considering whether it reflects 
unbiased and probability-weighted amounts that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes, the 
time value of money and reasonableness and supportable information at the reporting date about past events, 
current conditions and forecasts of future economic condition; 
We evaluated the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of the key controls over the impairment 
Ÿ
assessment process such as:
Annual Report 2022
143
6
f-6

--- Page 253 ---
— Evaluating the appropriateness of the basis of determining Exposure at Default by considering the contractual 
cash flows, outstanding loan balance, loan repayment type, loan tenor and effective interest rate;
— Assessing the appropriateness of the approach and significant assumptions for determining the Probability of 
Default (PD) and Loss Given Default (LGD) used by the Corporation in its ECL calculation by ensuring the data 
applied from external sources are aligned with the generally available data and assessing whether the 
Corporation's methodology is in line with IFRS 9 requirements; and 
— Re-performing the calculations of impairment allowance for loans and advances as at 31 December 2022 using 
the Corporation's ECL allowance models on loans and advances to customers.
The Corporation’s accounting policy on impairment and related disclosures on credit risk are shown in notes 2.8 and 
3.1.6 of these financial statements.
Fair valuation of investments in unquoted equities
Owing to the nature of the unquoted equity investments, the assessment of fair value is generally based on 
methodologies that apply significant unobservable inputs, which entail a significant degree of estimation uncertainty and 
management judgement including valuation methods and methodology, as well as estimation of future cashflows. 
Inappropriate judgements made in the assessment of fair value could have a significant impact on the value of the 
unquoted investment portfolio, which makes the valuation of investments in unquoted equities a matter of most 
significance to the audit.
Involved our valuation specialists to assist in:
Ÿ
Our audit procedures to assess the reasonableness of the valuation of unquoted equity instruments as at 31 December 
2022 included the following:
— Assessing the reasonableness of key input in determining the cost of equity, Beta factor and weighted average 
cost of capital (WACC) applied in estimating the fair values of the unquoted equities; 
The Corporation’s accounting policy on investment in unquoted equities instruments and relevant fair value disclosures 
are shown in notes 2.4 and 3.5 respectively.
— Challenging the key assumptions underlying the estimated cashflows by comparison with external available 
information, investee company accounts and management information as applicable; 
How the matter was addressed in our audit
— Reviewing the valuation methodology and supporting documentation used by management to derive the fair 
values of the investments; 
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the statement of Directors' 
responsibilities and Report of the Audit and Compliance Committee, which we obtained prior to the date of the auditor’s 
report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. Other information 
also includes the Corporate information, Chairman's statement, Chief Executive Officer's (CEO) Letter to Shareholders, 
Financial highlights, Corporate Governance Summary, Risk management Report, Environmental & Social Risk 
Management, People & Organization and Operating Review (together "outstanding reports") which we expect to obtain 
after the date of the auditor’s report.
Other Information
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
— Re-performing management's calculations of the valuation for significant investments.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
144
7
f-7

--- Page 254 ---
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
Ÿ
related disclosures made by the directors.
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and 
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to 
Ÿ
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
Ÿ
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
Corporation’s internal control.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
Conclude on the appropriateness of directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
Ÿ
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Corporation’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the 
Corporation to cease to continue as a going concern.   
When we read the outstanding reports, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to 
communicate the matter to the Board Audit and Compliance Committee.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
identified above and in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in 
accordance with IFRS Standards and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the 
preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Corporation’s ability 
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Corporation or to cease operations, or have no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the consolidated ånancial statements
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated ånancial statements
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of the auditor’s 
report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. 
We have nothing to report in this regard.
Annual Report 2022
145
8
f-8

--- Page 255 ---
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
Ÿ
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with the Board Audit and Compliance Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we 
identify during our audit.
Lagos, Nigeria
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities 
Ÿ
within the Corporation to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the 
direction, supervision and performance of the audit.  We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
       Chartered Accountants 
For: KPMG Professional Services 
FRC/2013/ICAN/00000001182 
08 March 2023  
From the matters communicated with the Board Audit and Compliance Committee, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in 
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
Oluwafemi O. Awotoye, FCA 
We also provide the Board Audit and Compliance Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or 
safeguards applied.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
146
9
f-9

--- Page 256 ---
-Basic/diluted  (United States cents) 
 
 
14 
 24.37  
 18.09 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest income 
 
 
6 
535,289  
 384,303 
Dividend income 
 
 
7 
8,392  
 3,581 
Profit for the year from continuing operations  
 
 
285,919  
 210,174 
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 (646) 
 (21,523)
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
Operating income 
 
 
 
 400,409  
 259,460 
Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) 
9 
 33,243  
 62,820 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss: 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be  reclassified to profit or loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating expenses 
 
 
12(a) 
(98,333) 
 (74,196)
Fees, commissions and other income 
 
 
8 
 81,709  
 54,337 
Gain on sale of financial assets 
 
 
11 
 1,257  
 1,565 
Net impairment charge on financial assets 
 
 
10 
(50,657) 
 (39,475)
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
Net loss on FVOCI financial assets (debt instruments) 
 
 
 -    
 -   
Interest expense 
 
 
6 
 (207,401) 
 (163,561)
Loss for the year, from discontinued operations 
 
25(a) 
 -    
 (448)
Profit for the year 
 
 
 
 285,919  
 209,726 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
 
 
 
 285,273  
 188,203 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Earnings per share  
 
 
 
 
 
Earnings per share - continuing operations 
 
 
14 
 24.37  
 18.13 
Net interest income 
 
 
 
327,888  
 220,742 
Net loss on FVOCI financial assets (equity instruments) 
 
33 
 (646) 
 (21,523)
 
 
 
2021
 
Note* 
2022 
Credit risk insurance 
 
 
12(b) 
(17,580) 
 (19,200)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Earnings per share - discontinued operations  
 
 
 -    
 (0.04) 
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
147
10
f-10

--- Page 257 ---
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
16 
 1,372,568  
 1,841,697 
 
 
 
2021
Note* 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
Share warrants 
 
 
31 
 200,000  
 200,000 
Fair value reserves 
 
 
33 
(24,299) 
 (23,653)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities 
 
 
20 
2,920,560  
 1,607,923 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 
26 
 187,890  
 126,303 
Cash and balances with banks 
 
 
15 
122,682  
 49,296 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
19 
1,623,954  
 1,488,564 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
 
17 
 184,370  
 107,098 
Pledged assets 
 
 
21 
 611,209  
 409,485 
Loans and advances to other customers 
 
 
18 
3,612,264  
 2,980,856 
Intangible assets 
 
 
24 
566  
 1,135 
Total assets 
 
 
 
10,527,812  
 8,564,885 
Other assets 
 
 
22 
72,593  
 70,761 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
Property and equipment 
 
 
23 
7,046  
 8,070 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
 
17 
 72,281  
 13,799 
Borrowings 
 
 
27 
7,568,205  
 6,186,020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities 
 
 
 
7,828,376  
 6,326,122 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Share capital 
 
 
29 
1,290,527  
 1,171,176 
Share premium 
 
 
30 
184,018  
 66,432 
Retained earnings 
 
 
32 
1,049,190  
 824,808 
 
 
 
 
 2,699,436  
 2,238,763 
Total equity 
 
 
 
2,699,436  
 2,238,763 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
10,527,812  
 8,564,885 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at Year Ended 31 December 2022
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
148
11
f-11

--- Page 258 ---
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Transactions with owners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-
Dividends paid during
 
 
 
 
 
Share 
Share 
Share 
Retained 
Fair Value 
 Controlling
 
 
 
 
 
Capital   Premium   Warrants   Earnings   Reserves  
Total  
 interests  
Total 
Proﬁt for the year 
 
 -    
 -    
 -     209,726  
 -     209,726  
 -     209,726 
 
 
 
 
Note* 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
As at 1 January 2021 
  1,157,386  
 53,722  
 200,000  
 666,345  
 (2,147)  2,075,306  
 725   2,076,031 
Other comprehensive income 
33 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -     (21,523) 
 (21,523) 
 -     (21,523)
Transfer to retained earnings 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (17) 
 17  
 -    
 -    
 -   
Total comprehensive income 
 
 -    
 -    
 -     209,709   (21,506) 
 188,203  
 -     188,203 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issued during the year 
29-30 
 13,790  
 12,710  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 26,500  
 -    
 26,500 
Disposed during the year 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (725) 
 (725)
the year 
 
32 
 -    
 -    
 -     (46,975) 
 -     (46,975) 
 -     (46,975)
Proﬁt for the year 
 
 -    
 -    
 -     285,919  
 -     285,919  
 -     285,919 
Other comprehensive income 
33 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (646) 
 (646) 
 -    
 (646)
Total comprehensive income 
 
 -    
 -    
 -     285,919  
 (646) 
 285,273  
 -     285,273 
As at  31 December 2021 
  1,171,176  
 66,432   200,000   824,808   (23,653)  2,238,763  
 -   2,238,763 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividends paid on
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions with owners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to retained earnings 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Issued during the year 
29-30 
 119,351  
 117,586  
 -    
 -    
 -     236,937  
 -     236,937 
Disposed during the year 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Dividends paid during
the year 
 
32 
 -    
 -    
 -     (56,462) 
 -     (56,462) 
 -     (56,462)
share warrants 
 
 -    
 -    
 -     (4,271) 
 -     (4,271) 
 -     (4,271)
Dividends paid on
share warrants 
32 
 -    
 -    
 -     (5,075) 
 -     (5,075) 
 -    
(5,075)
As at 31 December 2022 
  1,290,527   184,018   200,000   1,049,190   (24,299)  2,699,436  
 -   2,699,436 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these ﬁnancial statements.
As at 1 January 2022 
  1,171,176  
 66,432   200,000   824,808   (23,653)  2,238,763  
 -   2,238,763 
Annual Report 2022
149
12
f-12

--- Page 259 ---
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
 
 
 
2021
Note* 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
Interest and similar income received 
 
 
 
507,534  
 407,167 
Interest paid 
 
 
 
(183,160) 
 (145,903)
Fee and commission receipts 
 
 
 
77,783  
 61,027 
Cash payments to employees and suppliers 
 
 
 
(97,489) 
 (52,891)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Purchase of debt securities 
 
 
 
(1,246,876) 
 (1,533,139)
Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividend received 
 
 
 
6,622  
 4,029 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances disbursed to customers  
 
 
(632,349) 
 (695,313)
Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 
 
(321,059) 
 (421,884)
Capital repayments of debt securities 
 
 
 
1,197,264  
 535,473 
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) 
 
 
 (106,012) 
 (186,325)
Proceeds on disposal of equity securities 
 
 
 
26,209  
 21,463 
Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment 
 
 
 103  
 167 
Purchase of property and equipment 
 
 
23 
(1,919) 
 (766)
Purchase of software/Intangibles 
 
 
24 
 (54) 
 (177)
Net cash used in investment activities 
 
 
 
(131,285) 
 (1,163,304)
Repayment of borrowings 
 
 
27(vi) 
(607,015) 
 (696,549)
Share issue expenses 
 
 
 
(3,063) 
 -   
Deposit for shares 
 
 
26 
 2,276  
 250 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year 
 
 
 1,893,962  
 2,402,307 
Transaction costs related to borrowings 
 
 
27(vi) 
(8,743) 
 (11,016)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
 1,101,144  
 (508,345)
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 
 
Payment of Dividends 
 
 
34 
(56,462) 
 (46,975)
Proceeds from share issue 
 
 
 
 239,750  
 26,500 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividends paid on share warrants 
 
 
 
 (5,075) 
 (4,271)
Net cash generated from financing activities 
 
 
1,553,488  
 1,076,843 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds from issued corporate bonds 
 
 
27(vi) 
 -    
 936,617 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year  
 
35 
2,995,106  
 1,893,962 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds from borrowings from other fin. institutions 
 
27(vi) 
1,991,820  
 872,287 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
150
13
f-13

--- Page 260 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
1. General information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Corporation’s shareholders 
principally comprise African States and 
corporate entities, such as major 
commercial banks, other ﬁnancial 
institutions and other private sector 
commercial entities. There are thirty nine 
(2021: thirty three) member states as 
listed in table below:
Botswana 
Mauritania
Cape Verde 
Namibia
Chad 
Niger
Congo 
Nigeria
Cote d'Ivoire 
Rwanda
Dem. Rep. of Congo 
Senegal
Member Countries
Djibouti 
Sierra Leone
Cameroon 
 Morocco
Egypt 
Somalia
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eritrea 
South Sudan
AFC was created by two constitutive 
legal instruments: (i) the Agreement for 
the Establishment of the Africa Finance 
Corporation (the “AFC Agreement”) and 
(ii) the Charter of the Africa Finance 
Corporation (the “AFC Charter”). AFC is 
headquartered in the Federal Republic 
of Nigeria, based on the Headquarters 
Agreement dated 28 May 2007 
between the Federal Republic of Nigeria 
and the Africa Finance Corporation. 
AFC’s headquarters is located at 3a 
Osborne Road, Ikoyi, Lagos, Nigeria.
Burkina Faso 
Mauritius
Africa Finance Corporation (“AFC" or 
the "Corporation”) is a multilateral 
development ﬁnance institution 
established by an international 
agreement between sovereign states. 
Ghana 
Togo
Benin 
Mali
 
Gabon 
The Gambia
Angola 
Malawi
Guinea Bissau 
Tunisia
See Note 29 for additional information 
on shareholding of the Corporation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Corporation’s primary objective is to 
ﬁnance infrastructure (power, transpor-
tation, telecommunications), heavy 
industry, technology and natural 
resource (oil, gas, and mining) projects 
in Africa and to provide advisory, project 
development and other services related 
thereto. The Corporation also provides 
trade ﬁnance facilities to facilitate 
African trade.
Madagascar
The Corporation commenced opera-
tions on 1 November, 2007, after certain 
conditions prescribed in its constitutive 
instruments were fulﬁlled. 
 
 
 
 
Guinea Conakry 
Uganda
Name of Shareholder 
Shareholding (%)
These consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
comprise the ﬁnancial statements of 
Africa Finance Corporation ("AFC"), and 
its wholly owned subsidiaries; AFC Equity 
Investments Limited (“AFC Equity”), AFC 
Capital Partners ("AFC Capital") and 
Arise PCC together referred to as "The 
Corporation". AFC Equity, which is 
domiciled in the Republic of Mauritius, 
was set up to hold equity investments 
on behalf of the Corporation as a 
Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV).  The 
operations of AFC and AFC Equity are 
managed solely by AFC's management 
team as AFC Equity does not have a 
separate management team. 
Zenith Bank Plc 
7.7 
8.5
Thirty-seven (37)  shareholders have 
subscribed and paid for shares in AFC in 
accordance with the terms of the AFC 
Charter (2021:Thirty-one (31)) . As at 31 
December 2022, the list of shareholders 
holding more than 5% of the issued 
share capital of the Corporation is as 
follows:
 
2022 
2021
Kenya 
Zambia
Liberia 
Zimbabwe
United Bank for Africa Plc 
9.0 
10.0 
Access Bank Plc 
8.6 
9.5 
First Bank of Nigeria Plc 
7.8 
8.5 
Central Bank of Nigeria 
38.0 
41.9
Arise PCC, which is also domiciled in the 
Republic of Mauritius, is a special 
purpose vehicle set up solely to hold the 
Corporation's investment in Terminal à 
Conteneurs de Nouakchott (“TCN”). 
TCN, formerly known as Arise Mauritania 
S.A., is a port project in the Islamic 
Republic of Mauritania. The Corporation 
acquired a 100% stake in Arise PCC 
during the year leading to an increase 
in the Corporation's interest in TCN to 
50%, from  10.5%. The operations of AFC, 
AFC Equity and Arise PCC are managed 
solely by AFC's management team as 
AFC Equity and Arise PCC do not have 
separate management teams.
 
AFC Capital was setup as an investment 
management entity, which is also 
domiciled in the Republic of Mauritius. 
AFC Capital was created to mobilise 
and manage third party funds to unlock 
new sources of capital to fund the 
African infrastructure investment gap. 
AFC Capital leverages the scale and 
breadth of AFC’s investment track record 
to offer institutional investors unique 
access to attractive, de-risked invest-
ment opportunities in climate resilient 
infrastructure with strong returns.
The ﬁnancial statements for the year 
ended 31 December, 2022 were 
authorized and approved for issue by 
the Board of Directors on 3 March 2023. 
Accordingly the group is referred to as 
“the Corporation” for ﬁnancial reporting 
purposes.
Annual Report 2022
151
14
f-14

--- Page 261 ---
The cash ﬂow from operating activities is 
determined using the direct method. 
The Corporation’s assignment of cash 
ﬂows to operating, ﬁnancing and 
investing categories is determined 
based on the Corporation’s business 
model (management approach).
The amounts that are expected to be 
recovered or settled within 12 months of 
the reporting period are disclosed as 
“current” and the amounts expected to 
be recovered or settled beyond 12 
months are disclosed as “non-current” in 
the notes to the ﬁnancial statements.
2. Summary of signiﬁcant 
accounting policies
2.1.1  Changes in accounting policy 
and disclosures
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS standards as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards 
Board (IASB). The ﬁnancial statements 
are presented in United States dollars 
(US$) rounded to the nearest thousand.
The principal accounting policies 
applied in the preparation of these 
ﬁnancial statements are set out below. 
These policies have been consistently 
applied, unless otherwise stated. 
The ﬁnancial statements comprise the 
statement of comprehensive income, 
the statement of ﬁnancial position, the 
statement of changes in equity, the 
statement of cash ﬂows and explana-
tory notes.
The statement of cash ﬂows shows the 
change in cash and cash equivalents 
during the year from operating, 
ﬁnancing and investing activities. Cash 
and cash equivalents include highly 
liquid investments. Note 35 shows which 
items of the statement of ﬁnancial 
position are included in cash and cash 
equivalents.
The ﬁnancial statements have been 
prepared under the historical cost 
convention, except for derivative 
ﬁnancial instruments, ﬁnancial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive 
income, ﬁnancial assets at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss, which have been 
measured at fair value and deﬁned 
beneﬁt plan which has been measured 
at present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation.
2.1 Basis of preparation
 
 
 
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements 
in conformity with IFRS standards 
requires the use of certain critical 
accounting estimates. It also requires 
the Directors to exercise judgement in 
the process of applying the 
Corporation’s accounting policies. 
Changes in assumptions may have a 
signiﬁcant impact on the ﬁnancial 
statements in the period the assump-
tions changed. The areas involving a 
higher degree of judgement or 
complexity, or areas where assumptions 
and estimates are signiﬁcant to the 
ﬁnancial statements, are disclosed in 
note 4.
The global inﬂation and the threatening 
global recession have all had an 
impact on the global markets and 
Africa as a whole. The measures 
adopted by several governments in 
countries around the world to cope with 
the crisis has had a signiﬁcant impact 
on the global economy. However, the 
Corporation continues to support its 
clients to weather the turbulent 
macroeconomic environment whilst 
having adequate resources to continue 
operations in the next 12 months. 
Hence, the going concern basis of 
accounting remains appropriate.
Except for the changes below, the 
Corporation has consistently applied 
the accounting policies as set out in 
note 2 to all periods presented in these 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Amendments to IAS 37 Onerous 
Contracts – Cost of fulﬁlling a Contract
Amendments to IFRS 3 Business 
Combination - Reference to 
Conceptual framework
The amendment speciﬁes which cost an 
entity includes in determining the cost 
of fulﬁlling a contract for the purposes of 
assessing whether the contract is 
onerous. The amendment applies for 
annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2022 to contract existing at the 
date when the amendments were ﬁrst 
applied. At the date of initial applica-
tion, the cumulative effect of applying 
the amendment is recognised as the 
opening balance adjustment to 
retained earnings or other components 
of equity as appropriate. The compara-
tives are not restated.
Amendment updates a reference in IFRS 
3 to the conceptual framework for 
ﬁnancial reporting without changing the 
accounting requirements for Business 
Combinations. The amendment adds 
an exception for the recognition of 
liabilities within the scope of IAS37, 
provisions, contingent and contingent 
assets and Interpretation 21 Levies. It 
also speciﬁes that contingent assets 
should not be recognised at acquisition 
date. The amendment was effective for 
annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2022.
Amendments to IAS 16 Property Plant 
and Equipment
The amendment prohibits an entity from 
deducting from the cost of property 
plant and equipment amounts received 
from selling items produced while the 
entity is preparing the asset for intended 
use. Entity is to recognize such sales 
proceeds and related costs in proﬁt or 
loss. The amendment is effective for 
annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2022.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
152
15
f-15

--- Page 262 ---
Annual Improvements of IFRS stan-
dards 2018-2020
The following improvements were 
ﬁnalized in 2020 and are effective for 
annual periods beginning from 1 
January 2022 with early application 
permitted:
- 
IFRS 1 First time adoption of 
international Financial Reporting 
Standards: To ease the transition of 
IFRS standards for subsidiaries 
applying the optional exemptions.
The amendment aims to improve 
accounting policy disclosures and help 
users of ﬁnancial statements to 
distinguish between changes in 
accounting estimates and changes in 
accounting policies with a primary 
focus on the deﬁnition of and the 
clariﬁcations on accounting estimates. 
This amendment is effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2023.
There are no other IFRS standards or IFRS 
Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) 
interpretations that are not yet effective 
that would be expected to have a 
material impact on the Corporation.
The accounting policies of subsidiaries 
have been designed, to align with the 
policies adopted by the Corporation. 
Losses applicable to the non-controlling 
interests in a subsidiary are allocated to 
the non-controlling interests, even if 
doing so causes the non-controlling 
interests to have a deﬁcit balance.
A number of new standards and 
amendments to standards are effective 
for annual periods beginning after 1 
January 2023 and earlier application is 
permitted; however, the Corporation has 
not early adopted them in preparing 
these consolidated ﬁnancial statements. 
Those Standards and Interpretations 
which may be relevant to the 
Corporation are set out below:
The IASB clariﬁed that liabilities are 
classiﬁed as either current or non-
current, depending on the rights that 
exist at the end of the reporting period. 
This classiﬁcation is not affected by 
expectations of the entity or events after 
the reporting date. The amendment also 
seeks to clarify the term in IAS 1 
“Settlement of a liability. This amend-
ment is effective for periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2023.
- 
Clariﬁes that not all accounting 
policies that relate to material 
transactions , other events or 
conditions are themselves material.
(a) Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation 
of ﬁnancial statements, on classiﬁcation 
of liabilities:
(b) Amendment to IAS 8, Disclosure of 
Accounting Policies and Deﬁnitions of 
Accounting Estimates
(c) Amendment to IAS 1, Presentation 
of ﬁnancial statements, and IFRS 
Practice statement 2, making material-
ity judgements
The amendments listed above, are not 
expected to have a signiﬁcant impact 
on the consolidated ﬁnancial state-
ments.
2.2 Basis of consolidation 
- 
IFRS 16 Leases: Amendment removes 
the illustration of payments from the 
lessor relating to leasehold improve-
ments.
2.1.2    New standards, amendments 
and interpretations that are not yet 
effective and have not been adopted 
early by the Corporation.
- 
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: 
Amendment clariﬁes fees to be 
included in the performance of the 
10 percent test for the derecognition 
of ﬁnancial liabilities
The amendments listed above, adopted 
on the 1 January 2022 did not have a 
signiﬁcant impact on the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements.
The amendment aims to clarify the 
concept of materiality. It requires entities 
to disclose the following:
- 
Clariﬁes that accounting policies 
relating to immaterial transactions, 
other events, transactions or 
conditions are themselves immate-
rial and do not need to be dis-
closed.
- 
Disclosure of material accounting 
policies instead of signiﬁcant 
accounting polices.
Subsidiaries (including structured 
entities) are entities controlled by the 
Corporation. Control exists when the 
Corporation is exposed, or has rights, to 
variable returns from its involvement with 
an entity and has the ability to affect 
those returns through its power over the 
entity. In assessing control, potential 
voting rights that presently are exercis-
able are taken into account. The 
Corporation also assesses the existence 
of control where it does not have more 
than 50% of the voting power but is able 
to govern the ﬁnancial and operating 
policies by virtue of de-facto control. 
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from 
the date in which control is transferred 
to the Corporation. They are deconsoli-
dated from the date control ceases.
(i) Subsidiaries
(ii) Business combinations
 
 
 
 
 
From 1 January 2021, in determining 
whether a particular set of activities and 
assets is a business, the Corporation 
assesses whether the set of assets and 
activities acquired includes, at a 
minimum, an input and substantive 
process and whether the acquired set 
has the ability to produce outputs. The 
Corporation has an option to apply a 
‘concentration test’ that permits a 
The Corporation accounts for business 
combinations using the acquisition 
method when the acquired set of 
activities and assets meets the deﬁnition 
of a business and control is transferred 
to the Corporation.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
153
16
f-16

--- Page 263 ---
The consideration transferred in the 
acquisition is generally measured at fair 
value, as are the identiﬁable net assets 
acquired. Any goodwill that arises is 
tested annually for impairment. Any gain 
on a bargain purchase is recognised in 
proﬁt or loss immediately. Transaction 
costs are expensed as incurred, except 
if related to the issue of debt or equity 
securities.
The consideration transferred does not 
include amounts related to the 
settlement of pre-existing relationships. 
Such amounts are generally recognised 
in proﬁt or loss.
(iii) Loss of control 
 
 
 
 
Upon the loss of control, the Corporation 
derecognises the assets and liabilities of 
the subsidiary, and non-controlling 
interests and the other components of 
equity related to the subsidiary. Any 
surplus or deﬁcit arising on the loss of 
control is recognised in proﬁt or loss. If 
the Corporation retains any interest in 
the previous subsidiary, then such 
interest is measured at fair value at the 
date that control is lost and subse-
quently accounted for in accordance 
with the Corporation’s accounting 
policy for ﬁnancial instruments 
depending on the level of interest 
retained.
 
 
 
 
 
Business combinations between entities 
that are under common control are 
accounted for at book values. The 
assets and liabilities acquired or 
transferred are recognised or derecog-
nised at the carrying amounts previ-
ously recognised in the Corporation 
controlling shareholder’s consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements. The components of 
equity of the acquired entities are 
added to the same components within 
the Corporation’s equity and any 
gain/loss arising is recognised directly in 
equity.
If share-based payment awards 
(replacement awards) are required to 
be exchanged for awards held by the 
acquiree’s employees (acquiree’s 
awards), then all or a portion of the 
amount of the acquirer’s replacement 
awards is included in measuring the 
consideration transferred in the business 
combination. This determination is 
based on the market-based measure of 
the replacement awards compared 
with the market-based measure of the 
acquiree’s awards and the extent to 
which the replacement awards relate to 
pre-combination service.
(v) Transactions eliminated on 
consolidation
(iv)  Acquisitions under common 
control
simpliﬁed assessment of whether an 
acquired set of activities and assets is 
not a business. The optional concentra-
tion test is met if substantially all of the 
fair value of the gross assets acquired is 
concentrated in a single identiﬁable 
asset or group of similar identiﬁable 
assets.
Any contingent consideration is 
measured at fair value at the date of 
acquisition. If an obligation to pay 
contingent consideration that meets the 
deﬁnition of a ﬁnancial instrument is 
classiﬁed as equity, then it is not 
remeasured and settlement is 
accounted for within equity. Otherwise, 
other contingent consideration is 
remeasured at fair value at each 
reporting date and subsequent 
changes in the fair value of the 
contingent consideration are recog-
nised in proﬁt or loss.
Non-controlling interests are measured 
at their proportionate share of the 
acquiree’s identiﬁable net assets at the 
date of acquisition. Changes in the 
Corporation’s interest in a subsidiary 
that does not result in a loss of control 
are accounted for as equity transac-
tions.
Intra-Group balances and any unreal-
ised gains or losses or incomes and 
expenses arising from intra-group 
transactions, are eliminated in preparing 
the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. 
Unrealised gains arising from transac-
tions with associates are eliminated to 
the extent of the Corporation’s interest in 
the entity.  Unrealised losses are 
eliminated in the same way as unreal-
ised gains, but only to the extent that 
there is no evidence of impairment.
(vi) Non-controlling interests
(vii) Interests in associates and joint 
ventures
Associates are all entities over which the 
Corporation has signiﬁcant inﬂuence 
but not control or joint control. This is 
generally the case where the Corpora-
tion holds between 20% and 50% of the 
voting rights of the entity. A joint venture 
is an arrangement in which the 
Corporation has joint control, whereby 
the Corporation has rights to the net 
assets of the arrangement, rather than 
rights to the assets and obligations for 
its liabilities.
Interests in associates and joint ventures 
are initially recognised at cost, which 
includes transaction cost. Subsequent 
to initial recognition, they are measured 
at fair value through proﬁt or loss rather 
than using the equity method. This 
treatment is permitted under IAS 28 on 
Investment in Associates and Joint 
Ventures, which allows such investments 
held by Venture Capital Entities to be 
accounted for at fair value in accor-
dance with IFRS 9 with changes in fair 
value recognised in the proﬁt or loss in 
the period of the change.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
154
17
f-17

--- Page 264 ---
The assets and liabilities of foreign 
operations, including goodwill and fair 
value adjustments arising on acquisi-
tion, are translated into US dollars at the 
exchange rates at the reporting date. 
The income and expenses of foreign 
operations are translated into US dollars 
at the exchange rates at the dates of 
the transactions.
 
2.4  Financial assets and liabilities
All ﬁnancial assets and liabilities, which 
include derivative ﬁnancial instruments, 
have to be recognised in the statement 
of ﬁnancial position and measured in 
accordance with their assigned 
category.
At initial recognition, the Corporation 
measures a ﬁnancial asset or ﬁnancial 
liability at its fair value plus or minus, in 
the case of a ﬁnancial asset or ﬁnancial 
liability not at fair value through proﬁt or 
loss, transaction costs that are incre-
mental and directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of the ﬁnancial asset 
or ﬁnancial liability, such as fees and 
commissions. Transaction costs of 
ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities 
carried at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
are expensed in proﬁt or loss. After initial 
recognition, an expected credit loss 
allowance (ECL) is recognised for 
ﬁnancial assets measured at amortised 
cost and investments in debt instru-
ments measured at FVOCI.
Translation differences on non-monetary 
items, such as equities held at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss are reported as 
part of the fair value gain or loss. 
Translation differences on non-monetary 
items, such as equities measured at fair 
value, with fair value changes recog-
nised in other comprehensive income, 
are included in the other comprehen-
sive income.
Foreign currency differences are 
recognised in OCI and accumulated in 
the translation reserve, except to the 
extent that the translation difference is 
allocated to non controlling interests.
iii) Foreign operations
When the fair value of ﬁnancial assets 
and liabilities differs from the transaction 
price on initial recognition, the Corpora-
tion recognises the difference as follows:
a) When the fair value is evidenced by 
a quoted price in an active market 
for an identical asset or liability (i.e. 
a Level 1 input) or based on a 
valuation technique that uses only 
data from observable markets, the 
difference is recognised as a gain or 
loss.
When a foreign operation is disposed of 
in its entirety or partially such that 
control is lost, the cumulative amount in 
the translation reserve related to that 
foreign operation is reclassiﬁed to proﬁt 
or loss as part of the gain or loss on 
disposal. If the Corporation disposes of 
only part of its interest in a subsidiary 
that includes a foreign operation while 
retaining control, then the relevant 
proportion of the cumulative amount is 
reattributed to non controlling interests.
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities 
are recognised when the Corporation 
becomes a party to the contractual 
provisions of the instrument. Regular way 
purchases and sales of ﬁnancial assets 
are recognised on trade-date, the date 
on which the Corporation commits to 
purchase or sell the asset.
Changes in the fair value of monetary 
securities denominated in foreign 
currency measured at fair value, with fair 
value changes recognised in other 
comprehensive income, are analysed 
between translation differences resulting 
from changes in the amortised cost of 
the security and other changes in the 
carrying amount of the security. 
Translation differences related to 
changes in the amortised cost are 
recognised in proﬁt or loss, and other 
changes in the carrying amount are 
recognised in other comprehensive 
income.
2.3 Foreign currency
Items in the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements are presented in the 
Corporation's functional currency 
(United States Dollars) and amounts are 
stated in thousands of dollars, except 
otherwise stated.
Foreign currency transactions are 
translated into the functional currency 
using the exchange rates prevailing at 
the dates of the transactions. Foreign 
exchange gains and losses resulting 
from the settlement of such transactions 
and from the translation at year-end 
exchange rates of monetary assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are recognised in the 
statement of comprehensive income.
i) 
Functional and presentation 
currency
ii) Transactions and balances
Monetary items denominated in foreign 
currency are translated with the closing 
rate as at the reporting date. The foreign 
currency gain or loss on monetary items 
is the difference between the amortised 
cost in the functional currency at the 
beginning of the year, adjusted for 
effective interest and payments during 
the year, and the amortised cost in the 
foreign currency translated at the spot 
exchange rate at the end of the year. 
Non-monetary items measured at 
historical cost denominated in a foreign 
currency are translated with the 
exchange rate as at the date of initial 
recognition; non-monetary items in a 
foreign currency that are measured at 
fair value are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the 
fair value was determined.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
155
18
f-18

--- Page 265 ---
Classiﬁcation and subsequent 
measurement
Ÿ
Amortised cost 
Ÿ
Fair value through other compre-
hensive income (FVOCI); or
Debt instruments
The Corporation applies IFRS 9 and 
classiﬁes its ﬁnancial assets in the 
following measurement categories:
b) In all other cases, the difference is 
deferred and the timing of recogni-
tion of deferred day one proﬁt or loss 
is determined individually. It is either 
amortised over the life of the 
instrument, deferred until the 
instrument's fair value can be 
determined using market observ-
able inputs, or realised through 
settlement.
2.4.1 Financial assets
Ÿ
Fair value through proﬁt or loss 
(FVTPL);
 
 
 
 
 
The classiﬁcation requirements for debt 
and equity instruments are described 
below:
Debt instruments are those instruments 
that meet the deﬁnition of a ﬁnancial 
liability from the issuer's perspective, 
such as loans, government and 
corporate bonds, treasury bills and other 
receivables. Classiﬁcation and 
subsequent measurement of debt 
instruments depend on:
(i) the Corporation's business model for 
managing the asset; and
(ii) the cash ﬂow characteristics of the 
asset.
Based on these factors, the Corporation 
classiﬁes its debt instruments into one of 
the following three measurement 
categories:
- 
Fair value through other comprehen-
sive income (FVOCI): Financial 
assets that are held for collection of 
contractual cash ﬂows and for 
selling the assets, where the assets' 
cash ﬂows represent solely 
payments of principal and interest, 
and that are not designated at 
FVTPL, are measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income (FVOCI). Movements in the 
carrying amount are taken through 
OCI, except for the recognition of 
impairment gains or losses, interest 
revenue and foreign exchange 
gains and losses on the instrument's 
amortised cost which are recog-
nised in proﬁt or loss.
 
When the ﬁnancial asset is 
derecognised, the cumulative gain 
or loss previously recognised in OCI 
is reclassiﬁed from equity to proﬁt or 
loss and recognised in “Gain/Loss 
on Disposal of Financial Assets”. 
Interest income from these ﬁnancial 
assets is included in 'Interest 
income' using the effective interest 
rate method over the gross carrying 
amount of the ﬁnancial assets.
- 
Fair value through proﬁt or loss 
(FVTPL): Assets that do not meet the 
criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI 
are measured at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss. A gain or loss on a debt 
investment that is subsequently 
measured at fair value through proﬁt 
or loss and is not part of a hedging 
relationship is recognised in proﬁt or 
loss and presented in the proﬁt or 
loss statement within ‘Net gain on 
ﬁnancial instruments at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss’ in the period in 
which it arises. Interest income from 
these ﬁnancial assets is included in 
'Interest income' using the effective 
interest rate method over the 
amortised cost of the ﬁnancial 
assets.
-   Amortised cost: Assets that are held 
for collection of contractual cash 
ﬂows where those cash ﬂows 
represent Solely Payments of 
Principal and Interest ('SPPI'), and 
that are not designated at FTVPL, are 
measured at amortised cost. The 
carrying amount of these assets is 
adjusted by any expected credit loss 
allowance recognised and 
measured as described in Note 2.8. 
Interest income from these ﬁnancial 
assets is included in interest income 
using the effective interest rate 
method over the carrying amount of 
the ﬁnancial assets.
 
 
 
 
 
Business model
The business model reﬂects how the 
Corporation manages the assets in 
order to generate cash ﬂows. That is, 
whether the Corporation's objective is 
solely to collect the contractual cash 
ﬂows from the assets or is to collect both 
the contractual cash ﬂows and cash 
ﬂows arising from the sale of assets. If 
neither of these is applicable (e.g. 
ﬁnancial assets are held for trading 
purposes), then the ﬁnancial assets are 
classiﬁed as part of 'other' business 
model and measured at FVTPL. Factors 
considered by the Corporation in 
determining the business model for a 
group of assets include past experience 
on how the cash ﬂows for these assets 
were collected, how the asset's 
performance is evaluated and reported 
to key management personnel, how 
risks are assessed and managed and 
how managers are compensated.
Where the business model is to hold 
assets to collect contractual cash ﬂows 
or to collect contractual cash ﬂows and 
sell, the Corporation assesses whether 
the ﬁnancial instruments' cash ﬂows 
represent solely payments of principal 
and interest (the `SPPI test'). In making 
this assessment, the Corporation 
considers whether the contractual cash 
ﬂows are consistent with a basic lending 
arrangement i.e. interest includes only 
consideration for the time value of 
money, credit risk, other basic lending 
risks and a proﬁt margin that is consistent 
with a basic lending arrangement. 
Solely Payment of Principal and Interest 
(SPPI)
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
156
19
f-19

--- Page 266 ---
-  
If the borrower is in ﬁnancial difﬁculty, 
whether the modiﬁcation merely 
reduces the contractual cash ﬂows 
to amounts the borrower is expected 
to be able to pay;
- 
Signiﬁcant extension of the loan 
term when the borrower is not in 
ﬁnancial difﬁculty;
Interest rate benchmark reform
- 
the change is necessary as a direct 
consequence of the reform; and
-  
Change in the currency the loan is 
denominated in; and 
-  
Signiﬁcant change in the interest 
rate;
If the terms are substantially different, the 
Corporation derecognises the original 
ﬁnancial asset and recognises a 'new' 
asset at fair value and recalculates a 
new effective interest rate for the asset. 
The date of renegotiation is conse-
quently considered to be the date of 
initial recognition for impairment 
calculation purposes, including for the 
purpose of determining whether a 
signiﬁcant increase in credit risk has 
occurred. However, the Corporation also 
assesses whether the new ﬁnancial 
asset recognised is deemed to be 
credit-impaired at initial recognition, 
especially in circumstances where the 
renegotiation was driven by the debtor 
being unable to make the originally 
agreed payments. Differences in the 
carrying amount are also recognised in 
proﬁt or loss as a gain or loss on 
derecognition.
- 
the new basis for determining the 
contractual cashﬂow is economi-
cally equivalent to the previous basis 
- i.e. the basis immediately before 
the change.
If the basis for determining the contrac-
tual cashﬂows of a ﬁnancial asset or 
ﬁnancial liability measured at amortised 
cost changes as a result of interest rate 
benchmark reform , then the Corpora-
tion updates the effective interest rate of 
the ﬁnancial asset or liability to reﬂect 
the change that is required by the 
reform. A change in the basis for 
determining the contractual cashﬂow is 
required by interest rate benchmark 
reforms if the following conditions were 
met:
- 
Insertion of collateral, other security 
or credit enhancements that 
signiﬁcantly affect the credit risk 
associated with the loan.
- 
Whether any substantial new terms 
are introduced, such as a proﬁt 
share/equity-based return that 
substantially affects the risk proﬁle of 
the loan;
If the terms are not substantially 
different, the renegotiation or modiﬁca-
tion does not result in derecognition, 
and the Corporation recalculates the 
gross carrying amount based on the 
revised cash ﬂows of the ﬁnancial asset 
and recognises a modiﬁcation gain or 
loss in proﬁt or loss. The new gross 
carrying amount is recalculated by 
discounting the modiﬁed cash ﬂows at 
the original effective interest rate (or 
credit-adjusted effective interest rate for 
purchased or originated credit-impaired 
ﬁnancial assets).
The Corporation reclassiﬁes debt 
investments when and only when its 
business model for managing those 
assets changes. The reclassiﬁcation 
takes place from the start of the ﬁrst 
reporting period following the change. 
Such changes are expected to be very 
infrequent and none occurred during 
the period.
Modiﬁcation of loans
Where the contractual terms introduce 
exposure to risk or volatility that are 
inconsistent with a basic lending 
arrangement, the related ﬁnancial asset 
is classiﬁed and measured at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss.
Reclassiﬁcations
The Corporation sometimes renegoti-
ates or otherwise modiﬁes the contrac-
tual cash ﬂows of loans to customers. 
When this happens, the Corporation 
assesses whether or not the new terms 
are substantially different to the original 
terms. The Corporation does this by 
considering, among others, the 
following factors:
Equity instruments
Financial assets with embedded 
derivatives are considered in their 
entirety when determining whether their 
cash ﬂows are solely payment of 
principal and interest.
Equity instruments are instruments that 
meet the deﬁnition of equity from the 
issuer's perspective; that is, instruments 
that do not contain a contractual 
obligation to pay and that evidences a 
residual interest in the issuer's net assets. 
Examples of equity instruments include 
basic ordinary shares.
Gains and losses on equity investments 
at FVTPL are included in the net 
gain/(loss) on ﬁnancial instruments at 
fair value through proﬁt or loss line in the 
statement of comprehensive income.
The Corporation subsequently measures 
all equity instruments at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss, except where 
management has elected, at initial 
recognition, to irrevocably designate an 
equity investment at fair value through 
other comprehensive income. When this 
election is used, fair value gains and 
losses are recognised in OCI and are 
not subsequently reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or 
loss, including on disposal. Dividends, 
when representing a return on such 
investments, continue to be recognised 
in proﬁt or loss as dividend income 
when the Corporation's right to receive 
payments is established.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
157
20
f-20

--- Page 267 ---
If changes are made to the ﬁnancial 
asset or ﬁnancial liability in addition to 
changes to the basis for determining 
the contractual cashﬂows required by 
interest benchmark reforms, then the 
Corporation ﬁrst updates the effective 
interest rate of the ﬁnancial asset or 
ﬁnancial liabilities to reﬂect the change 
that is required by interest benchmark 
reform. After that the Corporation, 
applies the policies on accounting for 
modiﬁcations set out above to the 
additional changes.
Derecognition other than on a 
modiﬁcation
(a) the Corporation transfers substan-
tially all the risks and rewards of 
ownership, or 
(ii) Is prohibited from selling or pledging 
the assets; and
(iii) Has an obligation to remit any cash 
it collects from the assets without 
material delay.
Collateral (such as ordinary shares or 
bonds) provided by the Corporation 
under standard repurchase agreements 
and securities lending and borrowing 
transactions are not derecognised 
because the Corporation retains 
substantially all the risks and rewards on 
the basis of the predetermined 
repurchase price, and the criteria for 
derecognition are therefore not met. This 
also applies to certain securitisation 
transactions in which the Corporation 
retains a subordinated residual interest.
(i) Has no obligation to make pay-
ments unless it collects equivalent 
amounts from the assets;
Classiﬁcation and subsequent 
measurement 
Financial liabilities are classiﬁed and 
subsequently measured at amortised 
cost, except for ﬁnancial liabilities at fair 
value through proﬁt or loss. This 
classiﬁcation is applied to derivatives 
and other ﬁnancial liabilities designated 
as such at initial recognition.
The Corporation may enter into 
transactions where it retains the 
contractual rights to receive cash ﬂows 
from assets but assumes a contractual 
obligation to pay those cash ﬂows to 
other entities and transfers substantially 
all of the risks and rewards. These 
transactions are accounted for as 'pass 
through' transfers that result in 
derecognition if the Corporation:
Gains or losses on ﬁnancial liabilities 
designated at fair value through proﬁt or 
loss are presented partially in other 
comprehensive income (the amount of 
change in the fair value of the ﬁnancial 
liability that is attributable to changes in 
the credit risk of that liability, which is 
determined as the amount that is not 
attributable to changes in market 
conditions that give rise to market risk) 
and partially proﬁt or loss (the remaining 
amount of change in the fair value of 
the liability). This is unless such a 
presentation would create, or enlarge, 
an accounting mismatch, in which case 
the gains and losses attributable to 
changes in the credit risk of the liability 
are also presented in proﬁt or loss.
(b) the Corporation neither transfers nor 
retains substantially all the risks and 
rewards of ownership and the 
Corporation has not retained control 
of the ﬁnancial asset.
 
 
 
 
 
Derecognition
Financial assets, or a portion thereof, are 
derecognised when the contractual 
rights to receive the cash ﬂows from the 
assets have expired, or when they have 
been transferred and either;
Financial liabilities are derecognised 
when they are extinguished (i.e. when 
the obligation speciﬁed in the contract 
is discharged, cancelled or expires).
 
2.4.2 Financial liabilities
The exchange between the Corporation 
and its original lenders of debt instru-
ments with substantially different terms, 
as well as substantial modiﬁcations of 
the terms of existing ﬁnancial liabilities, 
are accounted for as an extinguishment 
of the original ﬁnancial liability and the 
recognition of a new ﬁnancial liability 
and a gain or loss is recognised in proﬁt 
or loss accounts. The terms are substan-
tially different if the discounted present 
value of the cash ﬂows under the new 
terms, including any fees paid net of any 
fees received and di scounted using the 
original effective interest rate, signiﬁcantly 
differs from the discounted present value 
of the remaining cash ﬂows of the 
original ﬁnancial liability. In addition, 
other qualitative factors, such as the 
currency that the instrument is denomi-
nated in, changes in the type of interest 
rate, new conversion features attached 
to the instrument and change in 
covenants are also taken into consider-
ation. If an exchange of debt instruments 
or modiﬁcation of terms is accounted for 
as an extinguishment, any costs or fees 
incurred a re recognised as part of the 
gain or loss on the extinguishment. If the 
exchange or modiﬁcation is not 
accounted for as an extinguishment, 
then the amortised cost of the liability is 
recalculated by discounting the 
modiﬁcation cash ﬂow at the original 
effective interest rate and the resulting 
gain or loss is recognised in proﬁt or loss. 
Any costs or fees incurred adjust the 
carrying amount of the liability and are 
amortised over the remaining term of the 
modiﬁed liability.
Financial guarantee contracts and 
loan commitments
Financial guarantee contracts are 
contracts that require the issuer to make 
speciﬁed payments to reimburse the 
holder for a loss it incurs because a 
speciﬁed debtor fails to make payments 
when due, in accordance with the terms 
of a debt instrument. Such ﬁnancial 
guarantees are given to banks, ﬁnancial 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
158
21
f-21

--- Page 268 ---
Determination of fair value
‘Fair value’ is the price that would be 
received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transac-
tion between market participants at the 
measurement date in the principal or, in 
its absence, the most advantageous 
market to which the Corporation has 
access at that date. The fair value of a 
liability reﬂects its non-performance risk. 
When available, the Corporation 
measures the fair value of an instrument 
using the quoted price in an active 
market for that instrument. A market is 
regarded as active if transactions for the 
asset or liability take place with sufﬁcient 
frequency and volume to provide 
pricing information on an ongoing 
basis. If there is no quoted price in an 
active market, then the Corporation 
uses valuation techniques that 
maximise the use of relevant observable 
inputs and minimise the use of 
unobservable inputs. The chosen 
valuation technique incorporates all of 
the factors that market participants 
would take into account in pricing a 
transaction.
- 
The premium received on initial 
recognition less income recognised 
in accordance with the principles of 
IFRS 15.
If an asset or a liability measured at fair 
value has a bid price and an ask price, 
then the Corporation measures assets 
and long positions at a bid price and 
liabilities and short positions at an ask 
price.
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair 
value on the date on which the 
derivative contract is entered into and 
are subsequently remeasured at fair 
value. All derivatives are carried as 
assets when fair value is positive and as 
liabilities when fair value is negative.
 
 
 
(i) Their economic characteristics and 
risks are not closely related to those 
of the host contract;
Derivatives
Financial guarantee contracts are 
initially measured at fair value and 
subsequently measured at the higher 
of:
 
Loan commitments provided by the 
Corporation are measured as the 
amount of the loss allowance. The 
Corporation has not provided any 
commitment to provide loans at a 
below-market interest rate, or that can 
be settled net in cash or by delivering or 
issuing another ﬁnancial instrument.
For loan commitments and ﬁnancial 
guarantee contracts, the loss allowance 
is recognised as a provision. However, for 
contracts that include both a loan and 
an undrawn commitment and the 
Corporation cannot separately identify 
the expected credit losses on the 
undrawn commitment component from 
those on the loan component, the 
expected credit losses on the undrawn 
commitment are recognised together 
with the loss allowance for the loan. To 
the extent that the combined expected 
credit losses exceed the gross carrying 
amount of the loan, the expected credit 
losses are recognised as a provision.
(ii) A separate instrument with the same 
terms would meet the deﬁnition of a 
derivative
These embedded derivatives are 
separately accounted for at fair value, 
with changes in fair value recognised in 
the statement of proﬁt or loss unless the 
Corporation chooses to designate the 
hybrid contracts at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss.
(iii) The hybrid contract is not measured 
at fair value through proﬁt or loss.
institutions and others on behalf of 
customers to secure trade transactions.
Offsetting
- 
The amount of the loss allowance 
(calculated as described in note 
2.8); and
Certain derivatives are embedded in 
hybrid contracts, such as the conversion 
option in a convertible bond. If the 
hybrid contract contains a host that is a 
ﬁnancial asset, then the Corporation 
assesses the entire contract as 
described in the ﬁnancial assets section 
above for classiﬁcation and measure-
ment purposes. Otherwise, the embed-
ded derivatives (for a host that is not a 
ﬁnancial asset) are treated as separate 
derivatives when:
Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities 
are offset and the net amount pre-
sented in the statement of ﬁnancial 
position when, and only when, the 
Corporation currently has a legally 
enforceable right to set off the amounts 
and it intends either to settle them on a 
net basis or to realise the asset and 
settle the liability simultaneously.
The best evidence of the fair value of a 
ﬁnancial instrument at initial recognition 
is normally the transaction price – i.e. 
the fair value of the consideration given 
or received. If the Corporation deter-
mines that the fair value at initial 
recognition differs from the transaction 
price and the fair value is evidenced 
neither by a quoted price in an active 
market for an identical asset or liability 
nor based on a valuation technique 
that uses only data from observable 
markets, then the ﬁnancial instrument is 
initially measured at fair value, adjusted 
to defer the difference between the fair 
value at initial recognition and the 
transaction price. Subsequently, that 
difference is recognised in proﬁt or loss 
on an appropriate basis over the life of 
the instrument but no later than when 
the valuation is wholly supported by 
observable market data or the transac-
tion is closed out.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
159
22
f-22

--- Page 269 ---
For more complex instruments, the 
Corporation uses internally developed 
models, which are usually based on 
valuation methods and standard 
industry techniques. Valuation models 
are used primarily to value derivatives 
transacted in the over-the-counter 
market, unlisted debt securities 
(including those with embedded 
derivatives), unlisted equity and other 
debt instruments for which markets were 
or have become illiquid. Some of the 
inputs to these models may not be 
market observable and are therefore 
estimated based on assumptions.
Effective interest rate
Nothing has changed in the Corpora-
tion’s fair value determination policies in 
current year and prior year.
The Corporation, in circumstances 
whereby this is applicable, uses widely 
recognised valuation models for 
determining fair values of non-
standardised ﬁnancial instruments of 
lower complexity.  Inputs into models are 
generally market-observable for these 
ﬁnancial instruments.
The output of a model is always an 
estimate or approximation of a value 
that cannot be determined with 
certainty. Valuation techniques 
employed may not fully reﬂect all factors 
relevant to the positions the Corporation 
holds. Valuations are therefore adjusted, 
where appropriate, to allow for addi-
tional factors including liquidity risk and 
counterparty credit risk. Based on the 
established fair value model gover-
nance policies, and related controls 
and procedures applied, management 
believes that these valuation adjust-
ments are necessary and appropriate 
to fairly state the values of ﬁnancial 
instruments carried at fair value in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position. Price 
data and parameters used in the 
measurement procedures applied are 
generally reviewed carefully and 
adjusted, if necessary – particularly in 
view of current market developments.
2.5    Interest income and expense
 
 
Interest income and expense are 
recognised in proﬁt or loss using the 
effective interest method. The ‘effective 
interest rate’ is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash 
payments or receipts through the 
expected life of the ﬁnancial instrument 
to:
- 
the gross carrying amount of the 
ﬁnancial asset; or 
 
-  
the amortised cost of the ﬁnancial 
liability.
When calculating the effective interest 
rate for ﬁnancial instruments other than 
purchased or originated credit-impaired 
assets, the Corporation estimates future 
cash ﬂows considering all contractual 
terms of the ﬁnancial instrument, but not 
ECL. For purchased or originated credit 
impaired ﬁnancial assets, a credit-
adjusted effective interest rate is 
calculated using estimated future cash 
ﬂows including ECL. However, for 
ﬁnancial assets that have become 
credit-impaired subsequent to initial 
recognition, interest income is calcu-
lated by applying the effective interest 
rate to the amortised cost of the 
ﬁnancial asset commencing from the 
subsequent annual reporting period  
The calculation of the effective interest 
rate includes transaction costs and fees 
and points paid or received that are an 
integral part of the effective interest rate. 
Transaction costs include incremental 
costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of a ﬁnancial asset 
or ﬁnancial liability.
Amortised cost and gross carrying 
amount 
The ‘amortised cost’ of a ﬁnancial asset 
or ﬁnancial liability is the amount at 
which the ﬁnancial asset or ﬁnancial 
liability is measured on initial recognition 
minus the principal repayments, plus or 
minus the cumulative amortisation 
using the effective interest method of 
any difference between that initial 
amount and the maturity amount and, 
for ﬁnancial assets, adjusted for any 
expected credit loss allowance.
The ‘gross carrying amount of a 
ﬁnancial asset’ is the amortised cost of 
a ﬁnancial asset before adjusting for 
any expected credit loss allowance.
However, for ﬁnancial assets that have 
become credit-impaired subsequent to 
initial recognition, interest income is 
calculated by applying the effective 
interest rate to the amortised cost of the 
ﬁnancial asset. If the asset is no longer 
credit-impaired, then the calculation of 
interest income reverts to the gross 
basis.
For ﬁnancial assets that were credit-
impaired on initial recognition, interest 
income is calculated by applying the 
credit-adjusted effective interest rate to 
the amortised cost of the asset. The 
calculation of interest income does not 
revert to a gross basis, even if the credit 
risk of the asset improves.
The effective interest rate of a ﬁnancial 
asset or ﬁnancial liability is calculated 
on initial recognition of a ﬁnancial asset 
or a ﬁnancial liability. In calculating 
interest income and expense, the 
effective interest rate is applied to the 
gross carrying amount of the asset 
(when the asset is not credit impaired) 
or to the amortised cost of the liability. 
The effective interest rate is revised as a 
result of periodic re-estimation of cash 
ﬂows of ﬂoating rate instruments to 
reﬂect movements in market rates of 
interest.
Calculation of interest income and 
expense
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
160
23
f-23

--- Page 270 ---
2.6  Fees, commission and other 
income
Fees and commissions are generally 
recognised on an accrual basis when 
the service has been provided except 
for structuring fees (i.e. fees related to 
structuring, term sheet negotiation and 
coordination) which are recognised at 
the completion of work. Commitment 
fees for loans that are likely to be drawn 
down are deferred (together with related 
direct costs) and recognised as an 
adjustment to the effective interest rate 
on the loan. Commission and fees 
arising from negotiating, or participating 
in the negotiation of a transaction for a 
third party – such as the arrangement of 
the acquisition of shares or other 
securities, or the purchase or sale of 
businesses – are recognised on 
completion of the underlying transac-
tion. Portfolio and other management 
advisory and service fees are recog-
nised based on the applicable service 
contracts, usually on a time-apportioned 
basis. Performance-linked fees or fee 
components are recognised when the 
performance criteria are fulﬁlled.
 
 
- 
 interest on ﬁnancial assets and 
ﬁnancial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost;  
- 
 interest on debt instruments 
measured at FVOCI;
Presentation
- 
interest on debt instruments 
measured at FVTPL;
- 
ﬁnancial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost; and 
 
Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest method presented in 
the statement of proﬁt or loss and OCI 
includes:
Interest expense presented in the 
statement of proﬁt or loss and OCI 
includes:
 
 
 
 
 
- 
ﬁnancial liabilities measured at 
FVTPL. 
- 
interest expense on lease liabilities
 
2.7    Assets pledged as collateral
Financial assets transferred to external 
parties and which do not qualify for de-
recognition are reclassiﬁed in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position from 
treasury bills and investment securities 
to assets pledged as collateral, if the 
transferee has received the right to sell 
or re-pledge them in the event of default 
from agreed terms. Assets pledged as 
collateral are initially recognised at fair 
value, and are subsequently measured 
at amortised cost or fair value as 
appropriate. These transactions are 
performed in accordance with the 
usual terms of securities lending and 
borrowing.
2.8   Impairment of ﬁnancial assets
Impairment of ﬁnancial assets
The Corporation assesses on a forward-
looking basis the expected credit losses 
('ECL') associated with its debt instru-
ment assets carried at amortised cost 
and FVOCI and with the exposure 
arising from loan commitments and 
ﬁnancial guarantees. The Corporation 
recognises a loss allowance for such 
expected losses at each reporting date. 
The measurement of ECL reﬂects:
-  
The time value of money; and 
- 
Reasonable and supportable 
information that is available without 
undue cost or effort at the reporting 
date about past events, current 
conditions and forecasts of future 
economic conditions.
The Corporation measures loss 
allowances at an amount equal to 
lifetime ECL, except for the following, for 
which they are measured as 12-month 
ECL:
- 
debt investment securities that are 
determined to have low credit risk at 
the reporting date; and
-  
other ﬁnancial instruments on which 
credit risk has not increased 
signiﬁcantly since their initial 
recognition.
Measurement of Expected credit losses
12-month ECL are the portion of ECL 
that result from default events on a 
ﬁnancial instrument that are possible 
within the 12 months after the reporting 
date. Financial instruments for which a 
12-month ECL is recognised are referred 
to as ‘Stage 1 ﬁnancial instruments’. Life-
time ECL are the ECL that result from all 
possible default events over the 
expected life of the ﬁnancial instrument. 
Financial instruments for which a lifetime 
ECL is recognised but which are not 
credit-impaired are referred to as ‘Stage 
2 ﬁnancial instruments’.
ECL are a probability-weighted estimate 
of credit losses. They are measured as 
follows:
-    ﬁnancial assets that are not credit-
impaired at the reporting date: as 
the present value of all cash 
shortfalls (i.e. the difference between 
the cash ﬂows due to the entity in 
accordance with the contract and 
the cash ﬂows that the Corporation 
expects to receive);
-     ﬁnancial assets that are credit-
impaired at the reporting date: as 
the difference between the gross 
carrying amount and the present 
value of estimated future cash ﬂows;
-    An unbiased and probability-
weighted amount that is determined by 
evaluating a range of possible out-
comes;
-     undrawn loan commitments: as the 
present value of the difference 
between the contractual cash ﬂows 
that are due to the  Corporation  if 
the commitment is drawn down and 
the cash ﬂows that the Corporation 
expects to receive; and 
- 
ﬁnancial guarantee contracts: the 
expected payments to reimburse 
the holder less any amounts that the 
Corporation expects to recover.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
161
24
f-24

--- Page 271 ---
-  
it is becoming probable that the 
borrower will enter bankruptcy or 
other ﬁnancial reorganisation; or
Restructured ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
Evidence that a ﬁnancial asset is credit-
impaired includes the following 
observable data:
If the terms of a ﬁnancial asset are 
renegotiated or modiﬁed or an existing 
ﬁnancial asset is replaced with a new 
one due to ﬁnancial difﬁculties of the 
borrower, then an assessment is made 
of whether the ﬁnancial asset should be 
derecognised and ECL are measured 
as follows: 
At each reporting date, the Corporation 
assesses whether ﬁnancial assets 
carried at amortised cost and debt 
ﬁnancial assets carried at FVOCI are 
credit-impaired (referred to as ‘Stage 3 
ﬁnancial assets’). A ﬁnancial asset is 
‘credit-impaired’ when one or more 
events that have a detrimental impact 
on the estimated future cash ﬂows of 
the ﬁnancial asset have occurred. 
-    If the expected restructuring will 
result in derecognition of the existing 
asset, then the expected fair value of 
the new asset is treated as the ﬁnal 
cash ﬂow from the existing ﬁnancial 
asset at the time of its derecognition. 
This amount is included in calculat-
ing the cash shortfalls from the 
existing ﬁnancial asset that are 
discounted from the expected date 
of derecognition to the reporting 
date using the original effective 
interest rate of the existing ﬁnancial 
asset. See “Modiﬁcation of loans.
Credit-impaired ﬁnancial assets
- 
signiﬁcant ﬁnancial difﬁculty of the 
borrower or issuer;
-    If the expected restructuring will not 
result in derecognition of the existing 
asset, then the expected cash ﬂows 
arising from the modiﬁed ﬁnancial 
asset are included in calculating the 
cash shortfalls from the existing 
asset;
-  
a breach of contract such as a 
default or past due event;
-  
the restructuring of a loan or 
advance by the Corporation on 
terms that the Corporation would 
not consider otherwise;
Loans and debt securities are written off 
(either partially or in full) when there is 
no realistic prospect of recovery. This is 
generally the case when the Corpora-
tion determines that the borrower does 
not have assets or sources of income 
that could generate sufﬁcient cash ﬂows 
to repay the amounts subject to the 
write-off. 
Reversal of impairment
 
- 
The market’s assessment of 
creditworthiness as reﬂected in the 
bond yields.
Recoveries of amounts previously written 
off are included in ‘impairment losses on 
ﬁnancial instruments’ in the statement of 
comprehensive income.
- 
the disappearance of an active 
market for a security because of 
ﬁnancial difﬁculties. 
In making an assessment of whether an 
investment in sovereign debt is credit-
impaired, the Corporation considers the 
following factors;
-     The probability of debt being 
restructured, resulting in holders 
suffering losses through voluntary or 
mandatory debt forgiveness.
-     For assets measured at amortised 
cost: If an event occurring after the 
impairment was recognised caused 
the amount of impairment loss to 
decrease, then the decrease in 
impairment loss is reversed through 
proﬁt or loss.
Presentation of allowance for ECL in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position
-    The country’s ability to access the 
capital markets for new debt 
issuance.
Loss allowances for ECL are presented in 
the statement of ﬁnancial position as 
follows:
-     The international support mecha-
nisms in place to provide the 
necessary support as ‘lender of last 
resort’ to that country, as well as the 
intention, reﬂected in public 
statements, of governments and 
agencies to use those mechanisms. 
This includes an assessment of the 
depth of those mechanisms and, 
irrespective of the political intent, 
whether there is the capacity to fulﬁl 
the required criteria.
A loan that has been renegotiated due 
to a deterioration in the borrower’s 
condition is usually considered to be 
credit-impaired unless there is evidence 
that the risk of not receiving contractual 
cash ﬂows has reduced signiﬁcantly 
and there are no other indicators of 
impairment.
-     The rating agencies’ assessments of 
creditworthiness.
-     For FVOCI debt securities: If, in a 
subsequent period, the fair value of 
an impaired debt security increased 
and the increase could be related 
objectively to an event occurring 
after the impairment loss was 
recognised, then the impairment 
loss was reversed through proﬁt or 
loss; otherwise, any increase in fair 
value is recognised through OCI.
Write-off
However, ﬁnancial assets that are written 
off could still be subject to enforcement 
activities in order to comply with the 
Corporation’s procedures for recovery of 
amounts due.
-    ﬁnancial assets measured at 
amortised cost: as a deduction from 
the gross carrying amount of the 
assets;
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
162
25
f-25

--- Page 272 ---
Intangible assets not available for use 
and those that have an indeﬁnite useful 
life are not subject to amortisation and 
are tested annually for impairment. 
Other non-ﬁnancial assets are reviewed 
for impairment annually or whenever 
events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount may 
not be recoverable. An impairment loss 
is recognised for the amount by which 
the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its 
recoverable amount. The recoverable 
amount is the higher of an asset’s fair 
value less costs to sell and value in use. 
For the purposes of assessing impair-
ment, assets are grouped at the lowest 
levels for which there are separately 
identiﬁable cash ﬂows (cash-generating 
units). The impairment test also can be 
performed on a single asset when the 
fair value less cost to sell or the value in 
use can be determined reliably. Non-
ﬁnancial assets that suffered impairment 
are reviewed for possible reversal of the 
impairment at each reporting date.
-    where a ﬁnancial instrument 
includes both a drawn and an 
undrawn component, and the 
Corporation cannot identify the ECL 
on the loan commitment compo-
nent separately from those on the 
drawn component: the Corporation 
presents a combined loss allowance 
for both components. The combined 
amount is presented as a deduction 
from the gross carrying amount of 
the drawn component. Any excess 
of the loss allowance over the gross 
amount of the drawn component is 
presented as a provision; and
-     loan commitments and ﬁnancial 
guarantee contracts: generally, as a 
provision; 
-     debt instruments measured at 
FVOCI: no loss allowance is 
recognised in the statement of 
ﬁnancial position because the 
carrying amount of these assets is 
their fair value. However, the loss 
allowance is disclosed and is 
recognised in the fair value reserve 
in OCI.
2.9  Impairment of non-ﬁnancial 
assets
 
2.10 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include 
notes and coins on hand and highly 
liquid ﬁnancial assets with original 
maturities of three months or less from 
the date of acquisition that are subject 
to an insigniﬁcant risk of changes in fair 
value, and are used by the Corporation 
in the management of its short-term 
commitments. 
Loans and advances to banks are 
deposits held with other banks to 
facilitate correspondent banking 
relationships as well as manage the 
Corporation's liquidity and interest rate 
risks. These ﬁnancial assets measured at 
amortised cost using the effective 
interest rate method. At initial recogni-
tion they are recognised at fair value 
plus the incremental direct transaction 
costs.
2.12 Investment securities 
 
Investment securities include the 
following:
2.11  Loans and advances to banks
- 
debt and equity securities 
mandatorily measured at FVTPL or 
designated at FVTPL, fair value 
changes are recognised immedi-
ately in proﬁt or loss
- 
debt securities measured at FVOCI, 
and;
- 
debt securities initially measured at 
fair value plus incremental direct 
transaction costs and subsequently 
at amortised cost using the effective 
interest rate method
All property and equipment are stated at 
historical cost less accumulated 
depreciation and impairment. Historical 
cost includes expenditure that is directly 
attributable to the acquisition of the 
items. Subsequent costs are included in 
the asset’s carrying amount or are 
recognised as a separate asset, as 
appropriate, only when it is probable 
that future economic beneﬁts associated 
with the item will ﬂow to the Corporation 
and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably.  The carrying amount 
of the replaced part is derecognized. All 
other repairs an d maintenance are 
charged to the statement of comprehen-
sive income during the ﬁnancial period 
in which they are incurred. Purchased 
- 
equity securities designated at 
FVOCI.
- 
Foreign exchange gains and losses.
- 
Interest revenue using the effective 
interest rate
For the debt securities measured at 
FVOCI, gains and losses are recognised 
in OCI, except for the following, which 
are recognised in proﬁt or loss in the 
same manner as for ﬁnancial assets 
measured at amortised cost:
- 
ECL and reversals
When debt security measured at FVOCI 
is derecognised, the cumulative gain or 
loss previously recognised in OCI is 
reclassiﬁed from equity to proﬁt or loss.
The Corporation elects to present 
changes in the fair value of certain 
investments in equity instruments that 
are not held for trading in OCI. The 
election is made on an instrument by 
instrument basis on initial recognition 
and is irrevocable.
Fair value gains and losses on such 
equity instruments are never reclassiﬁed 
to proﬁt or loss and no impairment is 
recognised in proﬁt or loss. Dividends 
are recognised in proﬁt or loss unless 
they represent a recovery of part of the 
cost of the investment, in which case 
they are recognised in OCI. Cumulative 
gains and losses recognised in OCI are 
transferred to retained earnings on 
disposal of an investment.
2.13   Property and equipment
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
163
26
f-26

--- Page 273 ---
The assets residual values and useful 
lives are reviewed, and adjusted if 
appropriate, at the end of each 
reporting period.
Other long-term employee beneﬁts
Short-term employee beneﬁts are 
expenses accrued as the related 
service is provided. Short-term employee 
beneﬁt obligations are measured on an 
undiscounted basis and are expensed 
as the related service is provided. A 
liability is recognised for the amount 
expected to be paid under short-term 
cash bonus plans if the Corporation has 
a present legal or constructive obliga-
tion to pay this amount as a result of 
past service provided by the employee 
and the obligation can be estimated 
reliably.
Post-employment employee beneﬁts
An asset’s carrying amount is written 
down immediately to its recoverable 
amount if the asset’s carrying amount is 
greater than its estimated recoverable 
amount.  The recoverable amount is the 
higher of the asset’s fair value less costs 
to sell and value in use.
Deﬁned contribution plan
Deﬁned beneﬁt plan
2.14   Employee Beneﬁts
The calculation of the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligations is performed annually by a 
qualiﬁed actuary using the projected 
unit credit method. Where the calcula-
tion results in a potential asset for the 
Corporation, the recognized asset is 
limited to the present value of economic 
beneﬁts available in the form of any 
future refunds from the plan or reduc-
tions in future contributions to the plan. 
To calculate the present value of 
economic beneﬁts, consideration is 
given to any minimum applicable 
funding requirements.
The Corporation established a deﬁned 
contributory pension scheme in 2012. 
This is a pension plan under which the 
Corporation pays ﬁxed contributions 
(7.5% of annual basic salary) and 
employees contribute a minimum of 5% 
of their annual basic salary into a 
separate entity. The Corporation has no 
legal or constructive obligations to pay 
further contributions if the fund does not 
hold sufﬁcient assets to pay all 
employees the beneﬁts relating to 
employee service in the current and 
prior periods. The contributions are 
recognised as employee beneﬁt 
expense in the statement of compre-
hensive income when they fall due.
Remeasurements of the net deﬁned 
beneﬁt liability which comprise the 
actuarial gains/losses and the returns 
on plan assets are recognized immedi-
ately in OCI. The Corporation determines 
the net interest expense (income) for 
the period by applying the discount rate 
used to measure the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation at the beginning of the 
annual period to the net deﬁned beneﬁt 
liability (asset) taking into account any 
changes in the net deﬁned beneﬁt 
liability (asset) during the period as a 
result of contributions and beneﬁt 
payments. Net interest expense and 
other expenses related to deﬁned 
beneﬁt plans are recognized in proﬁt or 
loss.
The Corporation commenced an End of 
Service scheme for its employees in 
2021, the attainment of this beneﬁt is 
conditional for employees that serve 
meritoriously till attainment of their 
contract term limit, normal retirement 
age, or resignation after a minimum 
service period. The Corporation’s net 
obligation in respect of its deﬁned 
beneﬁt plans is calculated separately by 
estimating the amount of future beneﬁt 
that the employees have earned in the 
current period and prior periods, 
discounting that amount to present 
value.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gains and losses on disposal are 
determined by comparing proceeds 
with carrying amount.  These are 
included in the statement of compre-
hensive income.
2.15    Provisions
Short-term employee beneﬁts
The Corporation’s net obligation in 
respect of long-term employee beneﬁts 
is the amount of future beneﬁt that 
employees have earned in return for 
their service in the current and prior 
periods. That beneﬁt is discounted to 
determine its present value. 
Remeasurements are recognised in 
proﬁt or loss in the period in which they 
arise.
When the beneﬁts of a plan are 
changes or when a plan is curtailed, the 
resulting change in beneﬁt that relates 
to past service or the gain or loss on 
curtailment is recognized immediately in 
proﬁt or loss. The Corporation recognizes 
gains or losses on the settlement of the 
deﬁned beneﬁt plan when the 
settlement occurs.
Provisions are recognised when the 
Corporation has a present legal or 
constructive obligation as a result of 
past events; it is probable that an 
outﬂow of resources will be required to 
settle the obligation; and the amount 
software that is integral to the functional-
ity of the related equipment is capital-
ised as part of that equipment.
  
lease. 
Furniture and
Right of use assets 
25 years or over 
Depreciation is calculated using the 
straight-line method to allocate cost to 
residual value over estimated useful 
lives, as follows:
 
the period of the 
equipment 
3 - 8 years 
 
Motor vehicles 
 4 years 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
164
27
f-27

--- Page 274 ---
Retained earnings comprise the 
undistributed proﬁts from previous 
periods which have not been reclassi-
ﬁed to any speciﬁed reserves.
Comprises fair value movements on 
ﬁnancial assets measured at fair value 
with fair value changes recognised in 
other comprehensive income.
Equity commitments are commitments 
made by the Corporation to provide 
equity ﬁnancing to investee companies.
 
-  
and loan commitments which are 
amounts yet to be disbursed to loan 
customers.
Debt commitments comprise;
-  
unfunded risk participation 
arrangements are used in interna-
tional trade. They are transactions 
whereby the Corporation does not 
fund the participation amount 
unless such facility is in default; 
 
Dividend payments on ordinary shares 
are charged to equity in the period in 
which they are declared.
Contingent liabilities, guarantees and 
commitments comprise of equity and 
debt commitments and are accounted 
for as off-balance sheet transactions 
and disclosed as contingent liabilities.
Dividend income is recognised when 
the right to receive income is estab-
lished. Usually, this is the ex-dividend 
date for quoted equity securities. 
Dividends are presented in "dividend 
income" in the statement of proﬁt and 
loss.
2.23 Net gain/(loss) on ﬁnancial 
instruments at fair value through proﬁt 
or loss (FVTPL)
2.18 Retained earnings
2.20 Dividend payment
2.22 Dividend income
2.19 Fair value reserve
2.21 Contingent liabilities, 
guarantees and commitments
 
Guarantees are ﬁnancial contracts that 
require the issuer to make speciﬁc 
payments to reimburse the holder for a 
loss incurred if the speciﬁed debtor fails 
to make a payment in accordance with 
the terms of the original or modiﬁed 
terms of the debt instrument. They are 
measured at fair value initially and 
subsequently are recorded at higher of 
the loss allowance determined and the 
premium amount initially recognised 
less income recognised in accordance 
with IFRS 15.
 
 
Net gain/(loss) from ﬁnancial instru-
ments at FVTPL relates to non-trading 
derivatives held for risk management 
purposes that do not form part of 
qualifying hedging relationships, 
ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities 
designated as at FVTPL and also non-
trading assets mandatorily measured at 
FVTPL. The line item includes fair value 
changes, foreign exchange differences 
Provisions are measured at the present 
value of the expenditures expected to 
be required to settle the obligation 
using a pre-tax rate that reﬂects current 
market assessments of the time value of 
money and the risks speciﬁc to the 
obligation. The increase in the provision 
due to passage of time is recognised as 
interest expense.
 
 
Where the Corporation purchases its 
equity shares, the consideration paid 
is deducted from total shareholders’ 
equity as treasury shares until they 
are cancelled.  Where such shares 
are subsequently sold or re-issued, 
any consideration received is 
included in shareholders’ equity. 
can be reliably estimated. Provisions are 
not recognised for future operating 
losses.
Where there are a number of similar 
obligations, the likelihood that an 
outﬂow will be required in settlement is 
determined by considering the class of 
obligations as a whole. A provision is 
recognised even if the likelihood of an 
outﬂow with respect to any one item 
included in the same class of obliga-
tions is small.
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair 
value, being their issue proceeds (fair 
value of consideration received) net of 
transaction costs incurred.  Borrowings 
are subsequently stated at amortised 
cost; any difference between proceeds 
net of transaction costs and the 
redemption value is recognised in the 
statement of comprehensive income 
over the period of the borrowing using 
the effective interest method. Where the 
Corporation designates certain 
borrowings upon initial recognition as at 
fair value through proﬁt or loss (fair value 
option); this designation cannot be 
changed subsequently.
2.17 Share capital
 
c) Dividends on ordinary shares
 
Dividends on ordinary shares are 
recognised in equity in the year in 
which they are approved by the 
Corporation’s shareholders. 
d) Treasury shares 
 
e
 
) Share warrants 
 
Share warrants issued by the 
Corporation are only redeemable at 
the option of the issuer and bear an 
entitlement to returns at the discre-
tion of the Corporation. Accordingly, 
they are presented within equity. 
Distributions thereon are recognised 
in equity.
b) Share premium 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Share issue costs 
2.16 Borrowings 
 
Incremental costs directly attribut-
able to the issue of new shares or 
options are shown in equity as a 
deduction from the proceeds.
 
Premiums from the issue of shares 
are reported in share premium that 
is where the price paid for acquiring 
shares of the Corporation is higher 
than the nominal amount of each 
share.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
165
28
f-28

--- Page 275 ---
and income earned from other 
transactions with investee entities.
2.24 Intangible assets
Intangible assets comprise separately 
identiﬁable items arising from computer 
software licenses.
Software acquired by the Corporation is 
measured at cost less accumulated 
amortisation and any accumulated 
impairment losses.
Expenditure on internally developed 
software is recognised as an asset when 
the Corporation  is able to demonstrate: 
that the product is technically feasible, 
its intention and ability to complete the 
development and use the software in a 
manner that will generate future 
economic beneﬁts, and that it can 
reliably measure the costs to complete 
the development. The capitalised costs 
of internally developed software include 
all costs directly attributable to develop-
ing the software and capitalised 
borrowing costs, and are amortised over 
its useful life. Internally developed 
software is stated at capitalised cost less 
accumulated amortisation and any 
accumulated impairment losses.
Subsequent expenditure on software 
assets is capitalised only when it 
increases the future economic beneﬁts 
embodied in the speciﬁc asset to which 
it relates. All other expenditure is 
expensed as incurred.
Amortisation methods, useful lives and 
residual values are reviewed at each 
reporting date and adjusted if appropri-
ate.
The Corporation presents basic and 
diluted EPS data for its ordinary shares. 
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the 
proﬁt or loss that is attributable to 
ordinary shareholders of the Corpora-
tion by the weighted average number of 
ordinary shares outstanding during the 
period. Diluted EPS is calculated by 
dividing the proﬁt or loss attributable to 
ordinary shareholders of the Corpora-
tion by the weighted average number of 
shares outstanding during the year plus 
the weighted average number of shares 
that would be issued on the conversion 
of the share warrants outstanding, 
during the period.
2.26 Leases
At inception of a contract, the Corpora-
tion assesses whether a contract is, or 
contains, a lease. A contract is, or 
contains, a lease if the contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an 
identiﬁed asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration.
Corporation acting as a lessee
The Corporation recognises a right-of-
use asset and a lease liability at the 
lease commencement date. The right-
of-use asset is initially measured at cost, 
which comprises the initial amount of 
the lease liability adjusted for any lease 
payments made at or before the 
commencement date, plus any initial 
direct costs incurred and an estimate of 
costs to dismantle and remove any 
improvements made to the ofﬁce 
premises.
Software is amortised on a straight-line 
basis in proﬁt or loss over its estimated 
useful life, from the date on which it is 
available for use. The estimated useful 
life of software for the current and 
comparative periods is three years.
2.25 Earnings per share (EPS)
The right-of-use asset is subsequently 
depreciated using the straight-line 
method from the commencement date 
to the end of the lease term. In addition, 
the right-of-use asset is periodically 
reduced by impairment losses, if any, and 
adjusted for certain remeasurements of 
the lease liability.
The Corporation determines its incre-
mental borrowing rate by analysing its 
borrowings from various external sources 
and makes certain adjustments to 
reﬂect the terms of the lease and type of 
asset leased.
Lease payments included in the 
measurement of the lease liability 
comprise the following:
- 
variable lease payments that 
depend on an index or a rate, 
initially measured using the index or 
rate as at the commencement date;
The lease liability is initially measured at 
the present value of the lease payments 
that are not paid at the commence-
ment date, discounted using the interest 
rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate 
cannot be readily determined, the 
Corporation’s incremental borrowing 
rate. Generally, the Corporation uses its 
incremental borrowing rate as the 
discount rate.
- 
amounts expected to be payable 
under a residual value guarantee; 
and
The lease liability is measured at 
amortised cost using the effective 
interest method. It is remeasured when 
there is a change in future lease 
payments arising from a change in an 
index or rate, if there is a change in the 
Corporation's estimate of the amount 
expected to be payable under a 
residual value guarantee, if the Corpora-
tion changes its assessment of whether 
 
- 
the exercise price under a purchase 
option that the Corporation is 
reasonably certain to exercise, lease 
payments in an optional renewal 
period if the Corporation is reason-
ably certain to exercise an extension 
option, and penalties for early 
termination of a lease unless the 
Corporation is reasonably certain 
not to terminate early.
- 
ﬁxed payments, including in-
substance ﬁxed payments;
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
166
29
f-29

--- Page 276 ---
At inception or on modiﬁcation of a 
contract that contains a lease compo-
nent, the Corporation allocates the 
consideration in the contract to each 
lease component on the basis of their 
relative stand-alone selling prices.
Such assets, or disposal groups, are 
generally measured at the lower of their 
carrying amount and fair value less 
costs to sell. Any impairment loss on 
disposal is allocated ﬁrst to goodwill, 
and then to the remaining assets and 
liabilities on a pro rata basis, except that 
no loss is allocated to inventories, 
ﬁnancial assets, deferred tax assets, 
employee beneﬁt assets, investment 
property or biological assets, which 
continue to the measured in accor-
dance with the Corporation's other 
accounting policies.
Impairment losses on initial recognition 
are recognized in proﬁt or loss. Once 
classiﬁed as held-for sale, intangible 
assets and property and equipment are 
no longer amortised or depreciated, 
and any equity accounted investee is 
no longer equity accounted.
2.27  Non-current assets held for sale
it will exercise a purchase, extension or 
termination option or if there is a revised 
in-substance ﬁxed lease payment.
The Corporation presents right-of-use 
assets in ‘property and equipment’ and 
lease liabilities in ‘other liabilities’ in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position.
Corporation acting as a lessor
When the lease liability is remeasured in 
this way, a corresponding adjustment is 
made to the carrying amount of the 
right-of-use asset, or is recorded in proﬁt 
or loss if the carrying amount of the 
right-of-use asset has been reduced to 
zero.
To classify each lease, the Corporation 
makes an overall assessment of whether 
the lease transfers substantially all of the 
risks and rewards incidental to ownership 
of the underlying asset. If this is the case, 
then the lease is a ﬁnance lease; if not, 
then it is an operating lease. As part of 
this assessment, the Corporation 
considers certain indicators such as 
whether the lease is for the major part of 
the economic life of the asset.
"The Corporation applies the derecog-
nition and impairment requirements in 
IFRS 9 to the net investment in the lease. 
The Corporation further regularly reviews 
estimated unguaranteed residual values 
used in calculating the gross investment 
in the lease.
Non-current assets, or disposal groups 
comprising assets and liabilities, are 
classiﬁed as held-for-sale if it is highly 
probable that they will be recovered 
primarily through sale rather than 
through continuing use. In order to be 
classiﬁed as held for sale, the asset must 
be available for immediate sale in its 
present condition subject only to terms 
that are usual and customary and the 
sale must be highly probable.
When the Corporation acts as a lessor, it 
determines at lease inception whether 
the lease is a ﬁnance lease or an 
operating lease.
 
 
When the Corporation acquires a 
subsidiary exclusively with a view to 
resell, it is accounted for as held for sale 
and consolidated using the short cut 
method under by IFRS 5. Initially, the 
Corporation measures the identiﬁable 
liabilities and the acquired assets at fair 
value. At the reporting period, the 
Corporation measures the disposal 
group at the lower of its cost and fair 
value less cost to sell and the assets 
and liabilities are recognised separately 
in the statement of ﬁnancial position. In 
the statement of comprehensive 
income, the Corporation discloses a 
separate line for the loss on discontin-
ued operations. Further analysis of the 
assets and liabilities is not required and 
no further disclosures are made.
A discontinued operation is a compo-
nent of the Corporation’s business, the 
operations and cashﬂows of which can 
be clearly distinguished from the rest of 
the Corporation and which:
Ÿ
Is a subsidiary exclusively acquired 
with a view to resell.
Classiﬁcation as a discontinued 
operation occurs at the earlier of 
disposal or when the operation meets 
the criteria to be classiﬁed as held-for-
sale.
Ÿ
Is part of a single co-ordinated plan 
to dispose of a separate major line 
of business or geographic area of 
operations; or 
When an operation is classiﬁed as a 
discontinued operation, the compara-
tive statement of proﬁt or loss and OCI is 
re-presented as if the operation had 
been discontinued from the start of the 
comparative year. 
2.29 Asset under management
These are portfolio investments 
managed by a designated Asset 
Management Company on a fair value 
basis. Changes in fair value are 
recognised in proﬁt or loss net of 
management fees of the portfolio 
manager.
2.28 Discontinued operation
Ÿ
Represents a separate major line of 
business or geographic area of 
operations 
2.30 Segment reporting
An operating segment is a component 
of the Corporation that engages in 
business activities from which it may earn 
revenues and incur expenses, including 
revenues and expenses relating to 
transactions with any of the Corpora-
tion's components, whose operating 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
167
30
f-30

--- Page 277 ---
In order to regularly monitor the risks in 
the Corporation’s portfolio, Risk Manage-
ment generates a number of reports, 
including a Daily Risk Report for the 
Executive Management Committee 
(EXCO) and a Portfolio Risk Dashboard 
for each meeting of the BRIC. In addition 
to these reports, Risk Management also 
provides independent risk assessment to 
transaction monitoring reports, which 
are prepared by the Business Originators 
on a quarterly basis.
The Corporation manages its ﬁnancial 
risks through policies approved by the 
BRIC, and these are reviewed 
periodically.  The policies also provide 
parameters and guidelines as to the 
Corporation's risk appetite, the approval 
process in respect of transactions, and 
how transactions are monitored and 
managed, in respect of any changes in 
the risk proﬁle.
The principal collateral types accept-
able to the Corporation are: commercial 
properties; charges over business assets 
such as premises, inventory and plant 
and machinery; ﬁnancial instruments 
such as debt securities, and guarantees 
received from third parties. The 
Corporation maintains appetite 
guidelines on the acceptability of 
speciﬁc classes of collateral. Collateral 
held as security for ﬁnancial assets other 
than loans and advances is determined 
by the nature of the underlying 
exposure. Debt securities, including 
treasury, bonds and other bills are 
generally unsecured. Collateral is 
generally not held against loans and 
advances to banks/placements; 
however, securities are held as part of 
reverse repurchase or securities 
borrowing transactions or where a 
collateral agreement has been entered 
into under a master netting agreement.
The Corporation operates a multi-
layered risk management governance 
structure, with the Board of Directors at 
its apex, exercising and assuming 
ultimate authority and responsibility for 
the Corporation's risk management. 
Other layers in the risk management 
governance structure are: (i) the Board 
Risk and Investment Committee (BRIC), 
responsible for oversight and approval 
of risk policies, and credit approvals 
above management's authority levels; 
(ii) Executive Management Committee 
(EXCO), responsible for review of 
investment proposals, and exercise of 
management's delegated authority for 
investment approvals; (iii) Management 
Risk Committee, responsible for the risk 
policy review and implementation; (iv) 
Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO),  
responsible for monitoring and manage-
ment of the Corporation’s liquidity and 
interest rate market risks; (v) Risk 
Management Department, responsible 
for risk policy development, manage-
ment and monitoring; and (vi) Business 
Units, responsible for the creation and 
management of risk assets.
The Corporation's business philosophy 
recognises that risks are an inevitable 
consequence of being in business. The 
Corporation’s aim, therefore, is not to 
eliminate all risks, but to design policies, 
processes and procedures that will 
enable it achieve an appropriate 
balance between risk and return. The 
Corporation believes that a strong risk 
management function is key to its 
successful long-term operations.
3.  Financial Risk 
Management
In managing those risks, Risk 
Management’s independence and 
accountability is sustained by the Chief 
Risk Ofﬁcer’s direct reporting line to both 
the President & CEO and to the 
Chairman of the Board Risk and 
Investment Committee and the Policy 
requires the Chief Risk Ofﬁcer’s afﬁrmative 
vote before a transaction can be 
approved.
Segment results are reported to the 
Corporation's CODM, include items that 
are directly attributable to a segment as 
well as those that can be allocated on 
a reasonable basis.
results are regularly reviewed by the 
Corporation's President/CEO (Chief 
Operating Decision Maker-CODM) to 
make decisions on resource allocation 
and performance and for which discrete 
ﬁnancial information is available.
Although, in the case of treasury 
investments and corporate lending 
transactions, the Corporation can lend 
unsecured (subject to limits approved 
by BACC), almost all of the Corpora-
tion’s loans, which are largely project 
and corporate ﬁnancing and asset-
backed structured trade are secured by 
collateral. Because many of the 
Corporation’s project lending transac-
tions are bespoke, the collateral 
package is tailored to the individual 
project. The requirement for collateral 
and the type to be taken at origination 
will be based upon the nature of the 
transaction and the credit quality, size 
and structure of the borrower. The 
Corporation will often require the 
collateral to include a ﬁrst charge over 
land and buildings owned and 
occupied by the business, a debenture 
over one or more of the assets of a 
company, personal guarantees from the 
directors of a company or it's parents as 
appropriate. However, some collateral 
requirements are generic, including 
domiciliation of contract proceeds and 
the proceeds of off-take agreements, 
assignment of all insurance and 
reinsurance proceeds, charge over the 
Collections Account and Debt Service 
Reserve Account and pledges or liens 
over physical assets. In the case of 
asset-backed trade related transactions, 
the collateral is a mix of product 
ﬁnanced, cash or receivables.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
168
31
f-31

--- Page 278 ---
3.1 Credit Risk 
3.1.1 Project and Investment
The Corporation invests its liquid assets in 
different ﬁnancial instruments to generate 
income. These ﬁnancial instruments 
involve, to some degree, the risk that the 
counterparty to the transaction may be 
unable to meet its obligation to the 
Corporation when it falls due. The 
Corporation manages this counterparty 
risk by executing transactions within a 
prudent framework of approved 
counterparties, counterparty credit rating 
standards and counterparty risk 
exposures limits. The risk exposure limit for 
each counterparty is a function of the 
counterparty's credit rating and its 
shareholders’ funds (unimpaired by 
losses). The risk limits are proposed by the 
Risk Management Division and approved 
by the Executive Management 
Committee.
The Corporation takes on exposures to 
credit risk, which is the risk of ﬁnancial 
loss as a result of a failure by a client or 
counterparty to meet its contractual 
obligation to the Corporation.  The 
Corporation has two principal sources 
of credit risk: (i) credit risk on its loans 
and investments; and (ii) counterparty 
credit risk on its portfolio of treasury 
investments which include money 
market deals and other debt securities. 
The Corporation’s credit risks are 
managed within a framework of credit 
policies, guidelines and processes, 
which are described in more detail 
below:
The Credit Risk Acceptance Criteria refers 
to the set of terms and conditions to be 
met before an investment is accepted 
into the Corporation’s portfolio. These 
include speciﬁc industry, ﬁnancial, 
managerial and competitive bench-
marks that proposed investments must 
meet before they are considered for the 
Corporation's credit exposures. 
The credit risk management includes a 
governance structure for the manage-
ment of credit risk at the Corporation. 
This multi-layered structure has, at its 
apex, the Board of Directors, with other 
bodies being the BRIC, the EXCO, the 
Management Investment Committee 
(INVESTCO), the Management Risk 
Committee (RISKCO), and the Risk 
Management Unit (RMU).  The Chief Risk 
Ofﬁcer has the authority to terminate a 
transaction from proceeding in the 
investment approval process.
3.1.2  Counterparty Credit Risk
The risk appetite is determined by the 
Board of Directors, with delegated 
authority to the BRIC and EXCO. The 
Corporation has a policy that only the 
entity that sets a limit or condition may 
amend the limit. For example, EXCO may 
only decrease limits but not increase 
limits set by the higher authorities of BRIC 
and the Board due to evolving market 
conditions. While the Board, or BRIC may 
increase or decrease limits set by EXCO. 
The Board speciﬁes that risk appetite is 
consistent with the Corporation’s rating, 
and eclipsed by the Corporation’s 
capital.
The most important types of risks faced 
by the Corporation are credit risk, 
market risk, and liquidity risk. These 
individual sources of risk and how the 
Corporation manages them are 
described in more detail below.
The Corporation has developed a 
comprehensive Credit Risk Manage-
ment Policy (CRMP) that details its risk 
philosophy and metrics.  The CRMP 
deﬁnes the level and type of credit 
exposures that the Corporation is 
prepared to accept in order to achieve 
its business goals and objectives.  It 
deﬁnes the Corporation’s risk appetite 
along three key metrics; Capital 
Adequacy Framework, Exposure Limits 
Framework and Credit Risk Acceptance 
criteria.
Credit Risk
The Corporation's Capital Adequacy 
Framework creates a quantiﬁable link 
between the risks assumed and the 
amount of risk capital required to 
support those risks. The capital ade-
quacy framework ensures that the 
Corporation holds adequate levels of 
capital to support its investment 
operations.
The Corporation uses the Exposure 
Limits Framework to manage its 
exposures to individual and group credit 
risks.  The objective is to ensure that the 
Corporation avoids excessive portfolio 
concentration either in single projects or 
groups of projects, or in particular 
sectors that could be simultaneously 
affected by similar exogenous events.  
The Exposure Limits Framework deﬁnes 
the limits of risk exposures in relation to a 
single borrower or groups of borrowers, 
to industry sectors and to individual 
countries.  The limits are recommended 
by management and approved by 
BRIC. 
Derivative transactions with ﬁnancial 
counterparties are typically collateralised 
under a Credit Support Annex (CSA), in 
conjunction with the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association (ISDA) 
Master Agreement. Derivative transac-
tions with non-ﬁnancial customers are 
not usually supported by a CSA. The 
Corporation considers risk concentra-
tions by collateral providers with a view 
to ensuring that any potential undue 
concentrations of risk are identiﬁed and 
suitably managed. Generally, the 
concentratio n of collateral follows a 
similar pattern as the geographical and 
sectoral split of the Corporation’s 
portfolio of loans and advances to 
customers.
In order to manage the risk of portfolio 
concentration, the Corporation has 
limits approved by the BRIC in respect of 
Countries, Sectors (e.g. Power, Natural 
Resources, etc.), Single Obligor and 
Sector Single Obligor.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
169
32
f-32

--- Page 279 ---
3.1.3 Assessing Credit Risk
3.1.4 Risk Limit Control and
The estimation of credit exposure is 
complex and requires the use of models, 
as the value of a product varies with 
changes in market variables, expected 
cash ﬂows and the passage of time. The 
assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of 
assets entails further estimations as to 
the likelihood of defaults occurring, of 
the associated loss ratios and of default 
correlations between counterparties.
The Corporation has developed models 
to support the quantiﬁcation of credit 
risk. These rating and scoring models are 
in use for all key credit portfolios and 
form the basis for measuring default risks. 
In measuring credit risk of loan and 
advances at a counterparty level, the 
Corporation considers three compo-
nents: (i) the ‘probability of default’ (PD) 
by the client or counterparty on its 
contractual obligations; (ii) current 
exposures to the counterparty and its 
likely future development, from which the 
Corporation derive the ‘exposure at 
default’ (EAD); and (iii) the likely recovery 
ratio on the defaulted obligations (the 
‘loss given default’) (LGD). The models 
are reviewed regularly to monitor their 
robustness relative to actual perfor-
mance and amended as necessary to 
optimise their effectiveness.
Mitigation Policies
The Corporation manages, limits and 
controls concentrations of credit risk 
wherever they are identiﬁed − in 
particular, to individual counterparties 
and corporations, and to industries and 
countries. The Corporation structures the 
levels of credit risk it undertakes by 
placing limits on the amount of risk 
accepted in relation to one borrower, or 
group of borrowers, and to geographical 
and industry segments. Such risks are 
monitored on a revolving basis and 
subject to an annual or more frequent 
review, when considered necessary. 
Limits on the level of credit risk by 
product, industry sector and country are 
approved by BRIC.
 
  
 
  
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
 
  
 
  
 
 
31 December
31 December 
-    Placements with banks 
 
 
1,372,568 
1,841,697
Balances with banks 
 
 
122,639 
49,263 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
184,370 
107,098 
-    Trade ﬁnance loans 
 
 
546,939 
481,545 
-    Project ﬁnance loans 
 
 
3,065,325 
2,499,311 
-    Hybrid instruments (convertible debt) 
 
 
538,070 
542,751
Loan and advances to other customers:
Investment Securities:
Other assets:
-    Advance for investment 
 
 
14,700 
51,179  
3.1.5 Maximum exposure to credit risk
Loan and advances to banks:
Total  
  
 
 
9,395,476 
7,572,511
-    Corporate debt securities 
 
 
330,577 
128,397 
 
-    Asset under management (debt securities) 
 
 
19,837 
20,996 
 
 
 
 
Maximum Exposure
 
  
 
  
 
 
2022 
2021
-    Government debt securities 
 
 
2,537,313 
1,133,948 
-    Account receivable 
 
 
39,854 
6,159 
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
 
1,684,408 
281,352 
-    Government debt securities 
 
 
280,632 
281,088 
Pledged Assets:
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss:
-    Corporate debt securities 
 
 
330,327 
420,399 
-    Fee receivable 
 
 
12,325 
8,680 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
170
33
f-33

--- Page 280 ---
Description 
Rating bucket 
Range of scores 
Risk range description
 
Low Risk 
BBB+ to BBB- 
1.70 – 1.90 
Strong 
 
Low to Moderate Risk 
BB+ to BB- 
2.00 - 2.60 
Good 
Risk Buckets and Definition
 
Moderate Risk 
BB to B- 
2.90 - 4.00 
Fair 
 
Very Low Risk 
AAA to A- 
1.00 – 1.60 
Excellent 
 
High Risk 
CCC+ to CCC 
5.00 – 6.00 
Marginal 
 
Very High Risk 
CCC- to D 
7.00 - 10.00 
Special attention  
The above table represents a worst-case 
scenario of credit risk exposure faced by 
Corporation as at the reporting dates 
without taking account of any collateral 
held or other credit enhancements 
attached. The exposures are based on 
net carrying amounts as reported in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position.
Investment risk rating and acceptance 
criteria represent a vital aspect of the 
Corporation’s risk appetite deﬁnition 
process. Before credit risk can be 
managed, it must ﬁrst be identiﬁed and 
measured. A 10-point credit risk rating 
methodology with 23 notches, from “1” 
(excellent, very low risk) to “10” (expected 
loss, very high risk) is applied by the 
Corporation.  The methodology encom-
passes the analysis of a client’s funda-
mental ﬁnancial strength, adjusted with 
obligor risk control factors, and further 
adjusted by facility risk control factors. 
The risk rating process measures the 
expected loss of a credit facility over its 
tenor and it integrates assessments of 
the probability of default, the exposure at 
default, and the loss given default of the 
facility. The 10-point risk rating scale is 
further collapsed into ﬁve generic risk 
classes, of “very low risk (excellent)”, “low 
risk (strong)”, “moderate risk (good)”, 
“high risk (fair/marginal)”, and “ very high 
risk (special attention)”. Generally, 
transactions rated “5” (acceptable, high 
risk) or better would be considered for 
ﬁnancing by the Corporation.
3.1.6 Credit quality analysis
Counterparties are subject to the 
Corporation’s internal rating process as 
part of its credit approval and review 
process. All risk rating processes are 
reviewed and validated periodically to 
ensure relevance to business realities, 
and relate to loans and advances to 
customers, loans and advances to 
banks, and investment securities. External 
ratings may also be obtained where 
such is available. There were no changes 
to the risk rating process in the ﬁnancial 
year. The Corporation’s risk rating buckets 
and deﬁnitions are as highlighted below.
General Risk Rating Process
In the event that an asset goes into 
default, an interdepartmental team 
comprising of Risk Management, Risk 
Assurance, Portfolio Management and 
Legal would collaborate with other 
lenders or sponsors to maximize recovery. 
This team will give a weekly update on 
recovery efforts to the Management. A 
default would also lead to prevention of 
further drawdown while steps are taken 
to recover the outstanding balance 
and/or realise collaterals.
Credit Rating of Counterparty/Obligor
The risk ratings are a primary tool in the 
review and decision making in the credit 
process and ratings are reviewed 
quarterly for each obligor or when credit 
sensitive information is received. The 
integrity of the Corporation’s portfolio 
management process is dependent on 
accurate and timely risk ratings.  
Deterioration in credit risks is quickly 
identiﬁed and communicated to 
facilitate prompt action. Ratings are also 
reviewed as a result of expectation of 
credit weaknesses. After disbursement, 
monitoring phase of each investment 
commences. A quarterly monitoring 
report is prepared for each investment; 
this report is reviewed by Risk 
Management and presented to the 
Management Investment Committee. 
The monitoring report acts as an early 
warning signal for closer monitoring of 
credits with a higher probability of facing 
stress in the short to medium term.
Deterioration in credit risk is identiﬁed 
b ased on factors such as:
Ÿ
ratings downgrade;
Ÿ
missed payments;
Ÿ
deterioration of quality/value of 
collateral
Ÿ
non-compliance with loan cove-
nants; and
The internal credit risk rating bucket has 
been calibrated to rating grades of 
international credit rating agencies. Our 
credit grades are not intended to 
replicate external credit grades (where 
these are available), and ratings 
assigned by external rating agencies are 
not used in determining our internal 
credit grades. Nonetheless, as the factors 
used to grade a borrower may be similar, 
a borrower rated poorly by an external 
rating agency is typically assigned a 
worse internal credit grade. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
171
34
f-34

--- Page 281 ---
The credit quality of the Corporation's ﬁnancial assets with exposure to credit risk that are neither past due nor impaired is 
detailed below:
Counterparties with international credit rating  
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
(S&P, Fitch, Moody’s) 
 
 
 
 
Investment grade (AAA to BBB-) 
 
 
3,273,343 
1,877,800  
Others (BB+, BB, BB-, B+, B, B-) 
 
 
3,070,531 
2,556,780  
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 
31 December 
Counterparties without international credit ratings
Group 1  
 
 
 
237,021 
241,526  
Group 2  
 
 
 
2,756,894 
2,846,269  
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,993,915 
3,087,795  
 
 
 
 
 
 
6,343,874 
4,434,580  
Total unimpaired nor past due loans, advances and debt securities 
 
 
9,337,789 
7,488,991  
Past due but not impaired 
 
 
- 
33,384  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amount 
 122,639  
 -    
 -    
 122,639  
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Balances with banks at amortised cost: 
 
 
 
 
- 
Strong 
 
33,838  
 -    
 -    
33,838  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Good 
 
17,371  
 -    
 -    
 17,371  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount 
 49,263  
 -    
 -    
49,263  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
US$'000
2022 
 
 
  
 
 
Gross carrying amount 
 122,639  
 -    
 -    
 122,639  
Group 2 – Existing customers/related parties (more than 6 months) with no defaults in the past. 
 
 
Total unimpaired nor past due ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
9,337,789 
7,522,375
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Strong 
 
21,473 
-    
 -    
 21,473  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Excellent  
 13,277  
 -    
 -    
13,277  
Using the Corporation’s internal credit rating, the credit quality of ﬁnancial assets measured at amortised cost exposed to credit 
risk is detailed below: 
 
 
 
 
US$'000  
 
 
2021 
 
 
Carrying amount 
49,263  
 -    
 -    
49,263  
Group 1 – New customers/related parties (less than 6 months). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
- 
Good 
 
 2,148  
 -    
 -    
2,148  
- 
Excellent  
83,795  
 -    
 -    
 83,795  
Loss allowance 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
172
35
f-35

--- Page 282 ---
Carrying amount 
1,372,568  
 -    
 -    
 1,372,568  
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
- 
Excellent  
 1,164,743  
 -    
 -    
 1,164,743  
- 
Good 
 
 107,965  
 -    
 -    
 107,965  
- 
Strong 
 
102,225  
 -    
 -    
 102,225  
Gross carrying amount 
 1,374,933  
 -    
 -    
 1,374,933  
Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost:
Loss allowance 
(2,365) 
 -    
 -    
 (2,365) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Excellent  
 1,133,988  
 -    
 -    
 1,133,988  
- 
Strong 
 
531,637  
 -    
 -    
 531,637  
- 
Good 
 
179,041  
 -    
 -    
 179,041  
Loss allowance 
 (2,969) 
 -    
 -    
 (2,969) 
Carrying amount 
 1,841,697  
 -    
 -    
 1,841,697  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Project ﬁnance  
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
- 
Good 
 
1,601,129  
 -    
 -    
 1,601,129  
- 
Fair  
 
285,754  
 -    
 -    
 285,754  
US$'000  
 
 
2021 
 
 
-  
Marginal  
463,144  
 387,562  
 -    
 850,706  
- 
Special attention 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Gross carrying amount 
1,844,666  
 -    
 -    
 1,844,666  
- 
Default  
-    
 -    
 125,576  
 125,576  
Gross carrying amount 
 2,723,871  
 387,562  
 125,576  
 3,237,009  
Loss allowance 
 (77,835) 
 (25,960) 
 (67,889) 
 (171,684) 
 
 
 
 
 2,646,036  
 361,602  
 57,687  
 3,065,325  
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost:
Trade ﬁnance  
 
 
 
 
- 
Strong 
 
128,414  
 -    
 -    
 128,414  
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
- 
Excellent  
245,430  
 -    
 -    
 245,430  
Gross loans to other customers 
3,250,421  
 429,352  
 125,576  
 3,805,349  
-  
Marginal  
 -    
 41,790  
 -    
 41,790  
-  
Fair  
 
 362  
 -    
 -    
 362  
Carrying amount 
3,156,772  
 397,805  
 57,687  
 3,612,264  
 
 
 
 
 510,736  
 36,203  
 -    
 546,939  
- 
Good 
 
523,161  
 -    
 -    
 523,161  
Gross carrying amount 
 526,550  
 41,790  
 -    
 568,340  
Loss allowance 
 (15,814) 
 (5,587) 
 -    
 (21,401) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Strong 
 
 3,027  
 -    
 -    
 3,027  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
173
36
f-36

--- Page 283 ---
- 
Excellent  
 182,058  
 -    
 -    
 182,058  
-  
Strong 
 
146,944  
 -    
 -    
 146,944  
-  
Fair  
 
 274,655  
 33,384  
 -    
 308,039  
Gross carrying amount 
 2,104,308  
 454,418  
 93,505  
 2,652,231  
 
 
 
 
 2,042,154  
 407,021  
 50,136  
 2,499,311  
Trade ﬁnance  
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount 
 453,764  
 42,960  
 -    
 496,724  
-  
Default  
 -    
 -    
 93,505  
 93,505  
Project ﬁnance  
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
-  
Special attention 
 -    
 37,315  
 -    
 37,315  
Loss allowance 
 (62,154) 
 (47,397) 
 (43,369) 
 (152,920) 
-  
Good 
 
453,764  
 -    
 -    
 453,764  
-  
Marginal  
 344,754  
 383,719  
 -    
 728,473  
-  
Fair  
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
-  
Marginal  
 -    
 42,960  
 -    
 42,960  
Loss allowance 
(13,807) 
 (1,372) 
 -    
 (15,179) 
US$'000  
 
 
2021 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
1,155,897  
 -    
 -    
 1,155,897  
Gross loans to other customers 
2,558,072  
 497,378  
 93,505  
 3,148,955  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Overdue 30 - 90 days  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Overdue > 180 days  
 -    
 -    
 125,576  
 125,576  
Overdue 90 - 180 days  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Overdue 30 - 90 days  
 -    
 33,384  
 -    
 33,384  
The following table sets out information about the overdue status of loans and advances to customers in Stages 1, 2 and 3. 
 
Total  
 
 
3,250,421  
 429,352  
 125,576  
 3,805,349  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amount 
2,482,111  
 448,609  
 50,136  
 2,980,856  
 
 
 
 
 439,957  
 41,588  
 -    
 481,545  
Current   
 
2,558,072  
 463,994  
 -    
 3,022,066  
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost – gross carrying amount
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current   
 
 3,250,421  
 429,352  
 -    
 3,679,773  
Overdue > 180 days  
 -    
 -    
 93,505  
 93,505  
US$'000  
 
 
2021 
 
 
Total 
 
 
 2,558,072  
 497,378  
 93,505  
 3,148,955  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Overdue 90 - 180 days  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
174
37
f-37

--- Page 284 ---
-  
Special attention 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
- 
Excellent  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
-  
Strong 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Corporate debt securities 
 
 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
39,241  
 -    
 -    
 39,241  
Investment securities at amortised cost:
-  
Fair  
 
101,261  
 -    
 -    
 101,261  
-  
Marginal  
 208,423  
 -    
 -    
 208,423  
Loss allowance 
 (18,598) 
 -    
 -    
 (18,598) 
-  
Strong 
 
76  
 -    
 -    
 76  
-  
Good 
 
 1,040,820  
 -    
 -    
 1,040,820  
-  
Special attention 
 -    
 20,038  
 -    
 20,038  
Government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
 (20,300) 
(812)   
 -    
 (21,112) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities 
 
 
 
 
 2,518,087  
 19,226  
 -    
 2,537,313 
 
 
 
 
 348,925  
 -    
 -    
 348,925  
- 
Excellent  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
- 
Good 
 
156,793  
 -    
 -    
 156,793  
-  
Excellent  
 1,497,491  
 -    
 -    
 1,497,491  
-  
Special attention 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
US$'000  
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 330,327  
 -    
 -    
 330,327  
 
 
 
 
 2,538,387  
 20,038  
 -    
 2,558,425  
- 
Strong 
 
23,071  
 -    
 -    
 23,071  
Carrying amount 
 2,848,414 
 19,226  
 -    
 2,867,640  
- 
Fair  
 
181,663  
 -    
 -    
 181,663  
-  
Marginal  
 71,798  
 -    
 -    
 71,798  
 
 
 
 
 433,325  
 -    
 -    
 433,325  
 
  
 
 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total
Loss allowance 
 (12,926) 
 -    
 -    
 (12,926) 
Government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 420,399  
 -    
 -    
 420,399  
Carrying amount 
1,554,347  
 -    
 -    
 1,554,347  
Loss allowance 
 (14,891) 
 -    
 -    
 (14,891) 
-  
Strong 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
 
 
 
 1,133,948  
 -    
 -    
 1,133,948  
 
 
 
 
 1,148,839  
 -    
 -    
 1,148,839  
-  
Good 
 
1,148,839  
 -    
 -    
 1,148,839  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
175
38
f-38

--- Page 285 ---
-  
Excellent  
 30,933  
 -    
 -    
 30,933  
- 
Good 
 
 82,296  
 -    
 -    
 82,296  
 
 
 
 
 283,450  
 -    
 -    
 283,450  
- 
Strong 
 
 50,554  
 -    
 -    
 50,554  
- 
Good 
 
229,189  
 -    
 -    
 229,189  
- 
Excellent  
57,240  
 -    
 -    
 57,240  
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
 
 
 
 
 282,650  
 -    
 -    
 282,650  
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
 
 
 
 
 280,632  
 -    
 -    
280,632  
US$'000 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 337,006  
 -    
 -    
 337,006  
- 
Good 
 
201,163  
 -    
 -    
 201,163  
Loss allowance 
 (2,018) 
 -    
 -    
 (2,018) 
Government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
- 
Strong 
 
50,577  
 -    
 -    
 50,577  
US$'000  
 
 
2021 
 
 
Corporate debt securities 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
 (6,429) 
 
 
 (6,429) 
 
 
 
 
 330,577  
 -    
 -    
 330,577  
Corporate debt securities 
- 
Strong 
 
 47,813  
 -    
 -    
 47,813  
 
 
 
 
 130,109  
 -    
 -    
 130,109  
Loss allowance 
 (1,712) 
 
 
 (1,712) 
 
 
 
 
 128,397  
 -    
 -    
 128,397  
Carrying amount 
 611,209  
 -    
 -    
611,209  
Government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
-  
Strong 
 
50,663  
 -    
 -    
 50,663  
-  
Good 
 
 232,787  
 -    
 -    
 232,787  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 281,088  
 -    
 -    
 281,088  
Carrying amount 
 409,485  
 -    
 -    
 409,485  
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
Other assets:  
 
 
 
 
Account receivable 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
 (2,362) 
 -    
 -    
 (2,362) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
39,854  
 -    
 -    
 39,854  
Fee receivable 
 
 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
12,325  
 -    
 -    
 12,325  
Advance for investment 
 
 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
14,700  
 -    
 -    
 14,700  
 
 
 
 
 66,879  
 -    
 -    
 66,879  
Loss allowance 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Carrying amount 
 66,879  
 -    
 -    
 66,879  
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
176
39
f-39

--- Page 286 ---
US$'000  
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
Account receivable 
 
 
 
 
- 
Good 
 
6,159  
 -    
 -    
 6,159  
Fee receivable 
 
 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
 8,680  
 -    
 -    
 8,680  
Advance for investment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Fair  
 
 155,673  
 -    
 -    
 155,673  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amount 
 1,684,408  
 -    
 -    
 1,684,408  
Carrying amount 
281,352  
 -    
 -    
 281,352  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Strong 
 
 21,000  
 -    
 -    
 21,000  
Off-balance sheet commitments: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
US$'000  
 
 
2021 
 
 
Debt 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
 106,279  
 -    
 -    
 106,279  
Loss allowance on commitments 
 2,477  
 -    
 -    
 2,477  
-  
Good 
 
 1,548,096  
 -    
 -    
 1,548,096  
-  
Fair  
 
 28,502  
 -    
 -    
 28,502  
Loss allowance 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Carrying amount 
 66,018  
 -    
 -    
 66,018  
-  
Marginal  
86,810  
 -    
 -    
 86,810  
-  
Good 
 
 51,179  
 -    
 -    
 51,179  
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
Loss allowance on commitments 
 12,486  
 
 
 12,486  
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
-  
Marginal  
 19,400  
 -    
 -    
 19,400  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 66,018  
 -    
 -    
 66,018  
Debt and ﬁnancial guarantees 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Asset under management: debt securities 
 
 
 
 
Using the Corporation’s internal credit rating, the credit quality of ﬁnancial assets measured at fair value exposed to credit risk is 
detailed below: 
 
 
 
 
Hybrid instruments: convertible debt 
 
 
 
 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets: 
 
 
 
 
-  
Special attention 
 
 
 229,450  
 45,077  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Good 
 
 
 
 19,837  
 20,996  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 557,907  
 563,747 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or los 
 
 
 
 
-  
Fair 
 
 
 
 212,974  
 47,805  
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
-  
Good 
 
 
 
 21,968  
 5,000  
-  
Marginal  
 
 
 73,678  
 444,869  
-    Good 
 
 
 
184,370  
 107,098  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
177
40
f-40

--- Page 287 ---
exposure 
 
 collateral 
Effects of collateral and other credit 
enhancements
For unimpaired secured lending, the 
Corporation reports assets gross of 
collateral and therefore discloses the 
maximum loss exposure. The Corporation 
believes that this approach is appropri-
ate as collateral values at origination 
and during a period of good perfor-
mance may not be representative of the 
value of collateral if the obligor enters a 
distressed state.
Valuation of collateral is updated when 
the credit risk of a loan deteriorates 
signiﬁcantly and the loan is monitored 
more closely. No collateral is held for 
cash and balances with banks, loans 
and advances to banks and other 
assets.
Where collateral has been obtained in 
the event of default, the Corporation 
does not, as a rule, use such assets for its 
own operations and they would be sold 
on a timely basis. There were no assets 
held by the Corporation as at 31 
December 2022, as a result of the 
enforcement of collateral (2021: Nil).
- Trade ﬁnance 
76  
 76  charge on  
Unimpaired secured lending is predomi-
nantly managed on a cash ﬂow basis. 
On occasion, it may include an 
assessment of underlying collateral, 
although, for impaired lending, this will 
not always involve assessing it on a fair 
value basis. No aggregated collateral 
information for the entire unimpaired 
secured wholesale lending portfolio is 
provided to key management personnel.
other customers
 
 
 company
The Corporation holds collateral and 
other credit enhancements against 
certain of its credit exposures. For loans 
and advances to other customers, the 
general credit worthiness of a customer 
tends to be the most relevant indicator of 
credit quality of a loan extended to it. 
Collateral values are assessed at the 
time of loan origination. The Corporation 
requires collateral to be realistically 
valued by an appropriately qualiﬁed 
source, independent of both the credit 
decision process and the customer, at 
the time of borrowing. However, collateral 
provides additional security and the 
Corporation generally requests that 
borrowers provide it. The extent to which 
collateral values are actively managed 
will depend on the credit quality and 
other circumstances of the obligor. 
Although lending decisions are predomi-
nantly based on expected cash ﬂows, 
any collateral provided may impact the 
pricing and other terms of a loan or 
facility granted; this will have a ﬁnancial 
impact on the amount of net interest 
income recognised and on internal loss-
given-default estimates that contribute to 
the determination of asset quality.
The types of collateral held includes ﬁxed 
and ﬂoating charge on companies’ 
assets and securities and a charge on 
the commodities ﬁnanced for trade 
transactions. The Corporation also uses 
insurance by a counterparty which is 
more creditworthy than the original 
counterparty, as a means of credit 
enhancement. The Corporation has 
portfolio insurance cover over the loans 
and advances to other customers and 
investment securities portfolios.
Volume of exposure secured by collateral 
and other credit enhancements: 
 
2022 
 
2021 
Type of credit 
% 
Type of 
 
% 
 
 
 held 
 
 
  
- Project  
92  
 93  charge on 
ﬁnance 
 
 securities/
 
 
 assets 
advances to
Loans and
 
 
 
 commodities
 
Hybrid  
83  
 67  charge on 
instruments 
 
 company 
 
 
 assets/
 
 
 insurance 
 
Investment debt 
 - 
-
securities 
  
   Portfolio 
 
 
 insurance 
Expected Credit Loss (‘ECL’)
 
 
 ﬁnanced 
The ECL allowance is based on the 
credit losses expected to arise over the 
life of the asset, unless there has been 
no signiﬁcant increase in credit risk 
since origination, in which case, the 
allowance is based on the 12 months’ 
expected credit loss. The Corporation’s 
policies for determining if there has 
been a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk 
are set out in note 2.8.
Financial instruments in Stage 1 have 
their ECL measured at an amount equal 
to the portion of lifetime expected credit 
losses that result from default events 
IFRS 9 outlines a 'three-stage' model for 
impairment based on changes in credit 
quality since initial recognition as 
summarised below:
-     If the ﬁnancial instrument is credit-
impaired, the ﬁnancial instrument is 
moved to 'Stage 3'. Please refer to 
note 2.8 for a description of how the 
Corporation deﬁnes credit-impaired 
and default.
-     If a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk 
('SICR') since initial recognition is 
identiﬁed, the ﬁnancial instrument is 
moved to 'Stage 2' but is not yet 
deemed to be credit-impaired. 
Please refer to note 2.8 for a 
description of how the Corporation 
determines when a signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk has occurred.
The 12-month ECL is the portion of 
lifetime ECL that represent the ECLs that 
result from default events on a ﬁnancial 
instrument that are possible within the 
12 months after the reporting date. Both 
life time ECL and 12 months ECL are 
calculated on either an individual basis 
or a collective basis, depending on the 
nature of the underlying portfolio of 
ﬁnancial instruments.
-     A ﬁnancial instrument that is not 
credit-impaired on initial recognition 
is classiﬁed in 'Stage 1' and has its 
credit risk continuously monitored.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
178
41
f-41

--- Page 288 ---
The indicative mapping of how the 
Corporation’s internal credit risk grades 
relate to PD to external credit ratings of is 
shown in note 3.1.6 above.
- 
the borrower is more than 90 days 
past due on any material credit 
obligation to the Corporation;
- 
or it is becoming probable that the 
borrower will restructure the asset as 
a result of bankruptcy due to the 
borrower’s inability to pay its credit 
obligations.
- 
Requests for and granting of 
forbearance 
In assessing whether a borrower is in 
default, the Corporation considers 
indicators that are:
expected 
expected  
expected 
- 
Existing and forecast changes in 
business, ﬁnancial and economic 
conditions
- 
Actual and expected signiﬁcant 
changes in the political, regulatory 
and technological environment of 
the borrower or in its business 
activities
- 
Data from credit reference agencies, 
press articles, changes in external 
credit ratings
Each exposure is allocated to a credit 
risk grade on initial recognition based 
on available information about the 
borrower. Exposures are subject to 
ongoing monitoring, which may result in 
an exposure being moved to a different 
credit risk grade. The monitoring typically 
involves use of the:
- 
Quoted bond and credit default 
swap (CDS) prices for the borrower 
where available
Generating the term structure of PD
Credit risk grades are primary inputs into 
the determination of the term structure 
of PD for exposures. The Corporation 
collects performance and default 
information about its credit risk 
exposures analysed by jurisdiction or 
region and by type of product and 
borrower as well as by credit risk 
grading. For some portfolios, information 
purchased from external credit 
reference agencies is also used. The 
Corporation employs statistical models 
to analyse the data collected and 
generate estimates of the remaining 
lifetime PD of exposures and how these 
are expected to change as a result of 
the passage of time.
- 
the borrower is unlikely to pay its 
credit obligations to the Corporation 
in full, without recourse by the 
Corporation to actions such as 
realising security (if any is held);
credit losses 
credit losses 
 credit losses
The Corporation allocates each 
exposure to a credit risk grade based on 
a variety of data that is determined to 
be predictive of the risk of default and 
applying experienced credit judgement. 
Credit risk grades are deﬁned using 
qualitative and quantitative factors that 
are indicative of risk of default. These 
factors vary depending on the nature of 
the exposure and the type of borrower. 
Credit risk grades are deﬁned and 
calibrated such that the risk of default 
occurring increases exponentially as the 
credit risk deteriorates so, for example, 
the difference in risk of default between 
credit risk grades 1 and 2 is smaller than 
the difference between credit risk 
grades 2 and 3.
Credit risk grades
Deﬁnition of default 
12 month 
Lifetime  
Lifetime 
- 
Payment record – this includes 
overdue status as well as a range of 
variables about payment ratios
The Corporation considers a ﬁnancial 
asset to be in default when:
- 
Information obtained during periodic 
review of the obligor – e.g. audited 
ﬁnancial statements, management 
accounts, budgets and projections. 
Examples of areas of particular focus 
are: gross proﬁt margins, ﬁnancial 
leverage ratios, debt service 
coverage, compliance with 
covenants, quality of management, 
senior management changes
 
- 
qualitative: e.g. breaches of 
covenant;
- 
quantitative: e.g. overdue status and 
non-payment on another obligation 
of the same issuer to the 
Corporation; and
- 
based on data developed internally 
and obtained from external sources.
Inputs into the assessment of whether a 
ﬁnancial instrument is in default and 
Purchased or originated credit-impaired 
ﬁnancial assets are those ﬁnancial 
assets that are credit-impaired on initial 
recognition. Their ECL is always 
measured on a lifetime basis (Stage 3).
(Initial  
(Signiﬁcant 
(Credit-
recognition) 
increase in 
impaired 
possible within the next 12 months. 
Instruments in Stages 2 or 3 have their 
ECL measured based on expected 
credit losses on a lifetime basis. Please 
refer to ‘measurement of ECL’ below for a 
description of inputs, assumptions and 
estimation techniques used in 
measuring the ECL.
 
credit risk 
assets) 
 
since initial
 
recognition)
 
 
 
A pervasive concept in measuring ECL 
in accordance with IFRS 9 is that it 
should consider forward-looking 
information. An explanation of how 
forward-looking information is 
incorporated in the ECL model is 
included under ‘incorporation of 
forward-looking information’ below.
The following diagram summarises the 
impairment requirements under IFRS 9 
(other than purchased or originated 
credit-impaired ﬁnancial assets):
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
 Stage 3 
Change in credit quality since initial 
recognition
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
179
42
f-42

--- Page 289 ---
The Corporation incorporates forward-
looking information into both the 
assessment of whether the credit risk of 
an instrument has increased signiﬁcantly 
since its initial recognition and the 
measurement of ECL.
their signiﬁcance may vary over time to 
reﬂect changes in circumstances.
Incorporation of forward-looking 
information
Based on advice from the Corporation’s 
Risk Management and economic 
experts and consideration of a variety of 
external actual and forecast information, 
the Corporation formulates a ‘base case’ 
view of the future direction of relevant 
economic variables as well as a 
representative range of other possib le 
forecast scenarios. This process involves 
developing two or more additional 
economic scenarios and considering 
the relative probabilities of each 
outcome. External information includes 
economic data and forecasts published 
by governmental bodies and monetary 
authorities in the countries where the 
Corporation invests, supranational 
organisations such as the Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation and 
Development and the International 
Monetary Fund, and selected private-
sector and academic forecasters.
T he base case represents a most-likely 
outcome and is aligned with information 
used by the Corporation for other 
purposes such as strategic planning and 
budgeting. The other scenarios represent 
more optimistic and more pessimistic 
outcomes. Periodically, the Corporation 
carries out stress testing of more extreme 
shocks to calibrate its determination of 
these other representative scenarios.
The Corporation  has identiﬁed and 
documented key drivers of credit risk and 
credit losses for each portfolio of 
ﬁnancial instruments and, using an 
analysis of historical data, has estimated 
relationships between macro-economic 
variables and credit risk and credit 
losses.
These parameters are generally derived 
from internally developed statistical 
models and other historical data. They 
are adjusted to reﬂect forward-looking 
information as described above.
Measurement of ECL
The key inputs into the measurement of 
ECL are the term structure of the 
following variables:
ECL for exposures in Stage 1 is 
calculated by multiplying the 12-month 
PD by LGD and EAD. Lifetime ECL is 
calculated by multiplying the lifetime PD 
by LGD and EAD.
- 
instrument type; 
-    exposure at default (EAD).
Where modelling of a parameter is 
carried out on a collective basis, the 
ﬁnancial instruments are grouped on 
the basis of shared risk characteristics 
that include:
As described above, and subject to 
using a maximum of a 12-month PD for 
Stage 1 ﬁnancial assets, the Corporation 
measures ECL considering the risk of 
default over the maximum contractual 
period (including any borrower’s 
extension options) over which it is 
exposed to credit risk, even if, for credit 
risk management purposes, the 
Corporation considers a longer period. 
The maximum contractual period 
extends to the date at which the 
Corporation has the right to require 
repayment of an advance or terminate 
a loan commitment or guarantee.
- 
Credit risk gradings; 
-    loss given default (LGD); and 
-    probability of default (PD); 
These parameters are generally derived 
from internally developed statistical 
models and other historical data. They 
are adjusted to reﬂect forward-looking 
information as described above.
LGD is the magnitude of the likely loss if 
there is a default. For the purpose of 
determining LGD, external benchmark 
information from rating agencies were 
used to supplement the internally 
available data. The Moody’s Investors 
Service Default and Recovery rates 
study was an input into determining the 
LGD for the Corporation’s portfolios.
PD estimates are estimates at a certain 
date, which are calculated based on 
statistical rating models, and assessed 
using rating tools tailored to the various 
categories of counterparties and 
exposures. These statistical models are 
based on externally compiled data 
comprising both quantitative and 
qualitative factors published by Interna-
tional Rating Agencies. Where it is 
available, market data may also be used 
to derive the PD for counterparties. If a 
counterparty or exposure migrates 
between rating classes, then this will lead 
to a change in the estimate of the 
associated PD. PDs are estimated 
considering the contractual maturities of 
exposures and estimated prepayment 
rates.
EAD represents the expected exposure in 
the event of a default. The Corporation 
derives the EAD from the current 
exposure to the counterparty and 
potential changes to the current amount 
allowed under the contract and arising 
from amortisation. The EAD of a ﬁnancial 
asset is its gross carrying amount at the 
time of default. For lending commitments, 
the EADs are potential future amounts 
that may be drawn under the contract, 
which are estimated based on historical 
observations and forward-looking 
forecasts. For ﬁnancial guarantees, the 
EAD represents the amount of the 
guaranteed exposure when the ﬁnancial 
guarantee becomes payable. For some 
ﬁnancial assets, EAD is determined by 
modelling the range of possible 
exposure outcomes at various points in 
time using scenario and statistical 
techniques.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
180
43
f-43

--- Page 290 ---
Loss allowance
 
 
 
 
 
The groupings are subject to regular 
review to ensure that exposures within a 
particular group remain appropriately 
homogeneous.
The Corporation has limited historical 
data with no loss experience and 
external benchmark information is used 
to supplement the internally available 
data. This includes: Moody’s Investors 
Service Default and Recovery Rates for 
the LGD models and Fitch Ratings’ 
Transition and Default study for the PD 
models.
The loss allowance recognised in the 
period is impacted by a variety of 
factors, as described below:
- 
Financial assets derecognised 
during the period and write-offs of 
allowances related to assets that 
were written off during the period.
- 
Impacts on the measurement of ECL 
due to changes made to models 
and assumptions;
- 
Discount unwind within ECL due to 
the passage of time, as ECL is 
measured on a present value basis;
- 
date of initial recognition; 
- 
geographic location of the borrower.
 
 
 
 
- 
remaining term to maturity; sector or 
industry; and
- 
Additional allowances for new 
ﬁnancial instruments recognised 
during the period, as well as releases 
for ﬁnancial instruments de-
recognised in the period;
Impact on the measurement of ECL due 
to changes in PDs, EADs and LGDs in 
the period, arising from regular 
refreshing of inputs to models;
- 
Transfers between Stage 1 and 
Stages 2 or 3 due to ﬁnancial 
instruments experiencing signiﬁcant 
increases (or decreases) of credit 
risk or becoming credit-impaired in 
the period, and the consequent 
“step up” (or “step down”) between 
12-month and Lifetime ECL;
- 
Foreign exchange translation for 
assets denominated in foreign 
currencies and other movements; 
and 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Transfer to Stage 1 
10,227  
 (10,227) 
 -    
 -    
 -   
Loans and advances to customers at   
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
 
US$’000 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
93,649  
 31,547  
 67,889  
 -    
 193,085 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
 3,818  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3,818 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
7,461  
 (4,596) 
 22,121  
 -    
 24,986 
Balance at 31 December 
2,969  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,969 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,969  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,969 
The following tables explain the changes in the loss allowance between the beginning and the end of the annual period due to 
these factors: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost: 
 Stage 1 
Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost: 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Balance at 31 December 
2,365  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,365 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(604) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (604)
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
 (849) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (849)
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
 75,961  
 48,769  
 43,369  
 -    
 168,099 
Transfer to Stage 2 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Transfer to Stage 3 
 -    
 (2,399) 
 2,399  
 -    
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
181
44
f-44

--- Page 291 ---
Transfer to Stage 1 
5,788  
 (5,788) 
 -    
 -    
 -   
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
(4,926) 
 -    
 (20,143) 
 -    
 (25,069)
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers at  
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
48,404  
 87,347  
 16,339  
 -    
 152,090 
Transfer to Stage 2 
 -    
 16,339  
 (16,339) 
 -    
 -   
Transfer to Stage 3 
 -    
 (20,143) 
 20,143  
 -    
 -   
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
26,695  
 (28,986) 
 43,369  
 -    
 41,078 
Balance at 31 December 
75,961  
 48,769  
 43,369  
 -    
 168,099 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers at 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
amortised cost: 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Project ﬁnance loans 
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
62,154  
 47,397  
 43,369  
 -    
 152,920 
Transfer to Stage 1 
10,227  
 (10,227) 
 -    
 -    
 -   
Transfer to Stage 2 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
13,807  
 1,372  
 -    
 -    
 15,179 
Balance at 31 December 
62,154  
 47,397  
 43,369  
 -    
 152,920 
Transfer to Stage 3 
 -    
 (2,399) 
 2,399  
 -    
 -   
Transfer to Stage 3 
-    
 (20,143) 
 20,143  
 -    
 -   
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers at  
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Trade ﬁnance loans 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Transfer to Stage 2 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
2,007  
 4,215  
 -    
 -    
 6,222 
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Balance at 31 December 
15,814  
 5,587  
 -    
 -    
 21,401  
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
5,454  
 (8,811) 
 22,121  
 -    
 18,764 
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
(2,406) 
 -    
 (20,143) 
 -    
 (22,549)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers at 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Project ﬁnance loans 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
33,826  
 85,740  
 16,339  
 -    
 135,905 
Transfer to Stage 1 
5,788  
 (5,788) 
 -    
 -    
 -   
Balance at 31 December 
77,835  
 25,960  
 67,889  
 -    
 171,684 
Transfer to Stage 2 
-    
 16,339  
 (16,339) 
 -    
 -   
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
24,946  
 (28,751) 
 43,369  
 -    
 39,564 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
182
45
f-45

--- Page 292 ---
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
1,749  
 (235) 
 -    
 -    
 1,514 
Balance at 31 December 
38,898  
 812  
 -    
 -    
 39,710 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
13,807  
 1,372  
 -    
 -    
 15,179 
Transfer to Stage 2 
(812) 
 812  
 -    
 -    
 -   
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(1,107) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1,107)
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
(2,520) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (2,520)
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
5,672  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 5,672 
Transfer to Stage 1 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Transfer to Stage 2 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
14,578  
 1,607  
 -    
 -    
 16,185 
Balance at 31 December 
27,817  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 27,817 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Transfer to Stage 1-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
12,926  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 12,926 
Trade ﬁnance loans 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
9,411  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 9,411 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
14,033  
 -    
 -    
 -    
14,033 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
27,817  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 27,817 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
11,893  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 11,893 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Transfer to Stage 1 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
18,598  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18,598 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
18,406  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 18,406 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
12,926  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 12,926 
 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers at  
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
183
46
f-46

--- Page 293 ---
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
4,831  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4,831 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Investment securities at FVOCI: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Investment securities at FVOCI: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
 4,074  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4,074 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Balance at 31 December 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
 4,373  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4,373 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(757) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (757)
Balance at 31 December 
4,074  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4,074 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Balance at 31 December 
8,447  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8,447 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
6,221  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6,221 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Government debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
14,891  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14,891 
Transfer to Stage 2 
(812) 
 812  
 -    
 -    
 -   
Balance at 31 December 
20,300  
 812  
 -    
 -    
 21,112  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Government debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
4,373  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4,373 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
10,518  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 10,518 
Balance at 31 December 
14,891  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14,891 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
184
47
f-47

--- Page 294 ---
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
1,712  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,712 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
4,717  
 
 
 
 4,717 
Balance at 31 December 
6,429  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6,429 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,408  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,408 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Government debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(61) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (61)
Balance at 31 December 
2,018  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,018 
Balance at 31 December 
2,362  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,362 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Commitments: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(696) 
 
 
 
 (696)
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(344) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (344)
Government debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
1,712  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,712 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,362  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,362 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,423  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,423 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commitments: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
6,959  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6,959 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,477  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,477 
Balance at 31 December 
2,477  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,477
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
10,009  
 
 
 
 10,009 
Balance at 31 December 
12,486  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 12,486 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(4,482) 
 
 
 
 (4,482)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
185
48
f-48

--- Page 295 ---
Total 
 
Total 
Financial assets modiﬁed during the period 
 
 
2021 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortised cost before modiﬁcation  
 
 
 90,308  
 49,274  
 
The following table provides information on ﬁnancial assets that were modiﬁed while they had a loss allowance measured at an 
amount equal to lifetime ECL. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Modiﬁed ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Net modiﬁcation gain/(loss) 
 
 
 (8,462) 
 406 
Change in allowance for impairment 
 
 
 (24,520) 
 (43,369) 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
 
US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
 
 
 57,687  
 50,136  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
 
Total 
 
Total 
Credit-impaired loans and advances to customers at 1 January 
 
50,136  
 22,605  
 
Classiﬁed as credit-impaired during the year 
 
 
32,071  
 99,989  
 
Derecognised during the year 
 
 
 -    
 -    
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
Transferred to not credit-impaired during the year 
 
 
 -    
 (22,605) 
 
Interest income 
 
 
 -    
 (4,580) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net repayments 
 
 
 -    
 (1,904) 
 
Credit-impaired ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
See accounting policy in note 2.8. Credit-impaired loans and advances are graded 10 in the Corporation’s internal credit risk 
grading system (see Note 3.1.6 above). The following table sets out a reconciliation of changes in the net carrying amount of 
credit impaired loans and advances to customers. 
 
 
 
 
 
In the normal course of business, 
ﬁnancial assets (including loans, debt 
securities and  receivables) may 
become unrecoverable when the 
likelihood of repayment by a 
counterparty is non-existent and the 
ﬁnancial asset cannot be realized. 
Circumstances which may lead to 
ﬁnancial assets becoming unrecoverable 
include but not limited to:
The Chief Risk Ofﬁcer, together with the 
responsible division head will recom-
mend the write-off to the Board Risk and 
Investment Committee for approval. There 
were no write-offs recognised during the 
ﬁnancial year.
Write-off policy
-  
insolvency of the counterparty / 
guarantor  
 
 
- 
permanent diminution in the value of 
collateral  
 
 
- 
unenforceable debt recovery actions; 
and 
 
 
 
 
- 
debts that are uneconomical to 
pursue for recovery.
Management must demonstrate that 
appropriate and sufﬁcient effort has 
been made to recover the ﬁnancial 
assets. Financial assets will be recom-
mended for write-off only after recovery 
efforts have proved unsuccessful and 
further action is either not cost effective 
or highly unlikely to succeed.
3.1.7  Concentration of risks of ﬁnancial 
assets with credit risk exposure 
Geographical sectors
The Corporation manages concentration 
risk using the Exposure Limits Framework 
(ELF) as part of its credit risk manage-
ment policies. The ELF proposes a 
portfolio diversiﬁcation strategy for the 
Corporation in order to avoid excessive 
portfolio concentration either in single 
projects or groups of projects, or in 
particular sectors that could be 
simultaneously affected by similar 
exogenous events. The ELF deﬁnes sector 
exposure limits, single obligor exposure 
limits and single country exposure limits. 
In line with best practices, the exposure 
limits are linked to the Corporation’s total 
investable fund, that is the shareholders’ 
funds plus retained earnings plus 
borrowings with a remaining maturity 
exceeding one year, and the pace at 
which these Board approved limits are 
consumed is dependent on the 
Corporation’s risk appetite. The following 
table analyses the Corporation’s main 
credit exposures at their carrying 
amounts, categorised by geographical 
region, as at 31 December 2021. The 
Corporation has allocated exposures to 
regions based on the country of 
domicile of its counterparties.
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
186
49
f-49

--- Page 296 ---
31 December 2022
West  
Rest of 
Outside 
 
 
-    Corporate debt securities 
 
148,960  
 181,367  
 -    
 330,327 
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
1,513,768  
 170,640  
 -    
 1,684,408 
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Hybrid instruments (convertible debt) 
 
 353,656  
 184,414  
 -    
 538,070 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
 
 71,590  
 9,004  
 26,504  
 107,098 
-    Corporate debt securities 
 
80,692  
 47,705  
 -    
 128,397 
31 December 2021 
 
West  
Rest of 
Outside 
-    Fee receivable 
 
8,680  
 -    
 -    
 8,680 
-    Corporate debt securities 
 
 280,114  
 50,463  
 -    
 330,577 
Balances with banks 
 
 17,371  
 21,473  
 83,795  
 122,639 
-    Government debt securities 
 
63,786  
 217,302  
 -    
 281,088 
-    Fee receivable 
 
12,325  
 -    
 -    
 12,325 
-    Government debt securities 
 
 1,031,963  
 7,961  
 1,497,389  
 2,537,313 
 
 
Africa 
Africa 
Africa 
Total
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
-    Project ﬁnance 
 
 1,878,381  
 620,930  
 -    
 2,499,311 
-    Trade ﬁnance 
 
365,077  
 181,862  
 -    
 546,939 
Cash and balances with banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Advance for investments 
 
 -    
 14,700  
 -    
 14,700 
Cash and balances with banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4,629,427  
 1,950,083  
 2,815,966  
 9,395,476 
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Placements with banks 
 
106,139  
 102,127  
 1,164,302  
 1,372,568 
Balances with banks 
 
 2,148  
 33,838  
 13,277  
 49,263 
 
 
Africa 
Africa 
Africa 
Total
-    Government debt securities 
 
 63,221  
 217,411  
 -    
 280,632 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
 
133,727  
 -    
 50,643  
 184,370 
-    Project ﬁnance 
 
 2,077,020  
 988,305  
 -    
 3,065,325 
-    Asset under management (debt securities) 
 
 -    
 -    
 19,837  
 19,837 
-    Account receivable 
 
 39,854  
 -    
 -    
 39,854 
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Trade ﬁnance 
 
310,174  
 171,371  
 -    
 481,545 
-    Asset under management (debt securities) 
 
 -    
 -    
 20,996  
 20,996 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Placements with banks 
 
 177,255  
 261,282  
 1,403,160  
 1,841,697 
-    Government debt securities 
 
1,122,028  
 11,920  
 -    
 1,133,948 
-    Hybrid instruments (convertible debt) 
 
 366,357  
 176,394  
 -    
 542,751 
-    Corporate debt securities 
 
 331,795  
 88,604  
 -    
 420,399 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Account receivable 
 
6,159  
 -    
 -    
 6,159 
 
 
4,470,224  
 1,638,350  
 1,463,937  
 7,572,511 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Advance for investments 
 
51,179  
 -    
 -    
 51,179 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
109,014  
 172,338  
 -    
 281,352  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
187
50
f-50

--- Page 297 ---
- Advance for investment 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 51,179  
 -    
 51,179 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Government debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 281,088  
 281,088 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
938,002  
 901,678  
 524,028  
 827,593  
 4,381,210  
 7,572,511 
- Fee receivable 
 3,247  
 -    
 1,284  
 -    
 4,149  
 8,680 
Off-balance sheet commitments 
29,000  
 -    
 114,967  
 87,385  
 50,000  
 281,352 
-    Corporate debt securities 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 128,397  
 128,397 
-    Account receivable 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6,159  
 6,159 
 
Natural 
Industry & 
 
 
Services
Off-balance sheet commitments 
39,056  
 141,457  
 107,045  
 4,768  
 1,392,081  
 1,684,408 
 
Resources 
   Telecoms  
Power 
Transport 
 & Others 
Total
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Placements with banks 
 
 
 
 
1,372,568  
 1,372,568 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Project ﬁnance 
 656,437  
 728,529  
 355,524  
 582,418  
 742,417  
 3,065,325 
-    Hybrid instruments (debt) 
 346,585  
 7,900  
 9,671 
 173,914  
 -    
 538,070 
-    Trade ﬁnance 
68,892  
 45,102  
 -    
 -    
 432,945  
 546,939 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Corporate debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 330,577  
 330,577 
-    Government debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,537,313  
 2,537,313 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
-    
 -    
 2,939  
 -    
 181,431  
 184,370 
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Fee receivable 
3,900  
 -    
 7,285  
 1,140  
 -    
 12,325 
-    Corporate debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 189,130  
 132,244  
 8,953  
 330,327 
Balances with banks 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 122,639  
 122,639 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
-    Asset under management (debt ) 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 19,837  
 19,837 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Concentration by Industry  
 
Heavy 
 
 
Financial  
 
-    Account receivable 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 39,854  
 39,854 
-    Advance for investment 
 -    
 -    
 14,700  
 -    
 -    
 14,700 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1,075,814  
 781,531  
 579,249  
 889,716  
 6,069,166  
 9,395,476 
-    Government debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 280,632  
 280,632 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natural 
Industry & 
 
 
Services
31 December 2021 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Balances with banks 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 49,263  
 49,263 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
-    
 -    
 7,785  
 -    
 99,313  
 107,098 
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Heavy 
 
 
Financial  
 
-    Placements with banks 
 
 
 
 
1,841,697  
 1,841,697 
-    Trade ﬁnance 
84,599  
 65,901  
 -    
 -    
 331,045  
 481,545 
-    Hybrid instruments (debt) 
355,095  
 7,900  
 11,562  
 168,194  
 -    
 542,751 
-    Asset under management (debt ) 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 20,996  
 20,996 
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Project ﬁnance 
494,649  
 789,225  
 353,379  
 552,733  
 309,325  
 2,499,311 
 
Resources 
   Telecoms  
Power 
Transport 
 & Others 
Total
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Corporate debt securities 
412  
 38,652  
 150,018  
 55,487  
 175,830  
 420,399 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Government debt securities 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,133,948  
 1,133,948 
Cash and balances with banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
188
51
f-51

--- Page 298 ---
The Corporation takes on exposures to 
market risks, which is the risk that the fair 
value or future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial 
instrument will ﬂuctuate because of 
changes in market prices. Market risks 
arise from open positions in interest rates, 
commodities, currency and equity 
products, all of which are exposed to 
general and speciﬁc market movements 
and changes in the level of volatility of 
market rates or prices such as interest 
rates, commodity prices, credit spreads, 
foreign exchange rates and equity 
prices.
The table below summarizes the 
Corporation's exposure to foreign 
exchange rate risk at 31 December 
2022. Included in the table are the 
Corporation’s ﬁnancial instruments at 
carrying amounts, categorised by 
currency.
3.2    Market Risk
The Corporation’s portfolio comprises 
majorly of non-trading portfolios. 
3.2.1    Foreign exchange risk
In the normal course of business, the 
Corporation is exposed to the effects of 
ﬂuctuations in the prevailing foreign 
currency exchange rates on its ﬁnancial 
position and cash ﬂows. The Corporation 
has exposure to currencies other than 
the United States Dollars, its functional 
currency, which include the Nigerian 
Naira (NGN), Euros, South African Rand 
(ZAR), Japanese Yen (JPY), and the Swiss 
Francs (CHF) . These exposures, which 
are hedged in accordance with the 
Corporation's policy, are not signiﬁcant 
when considered individually. The highest 
individual exposure did not exceed 14% 
(2021: 15%) of total assets and 10% 
(2021: 6%) of total liabilities while in 
aggregate they amount to 25% (2021: 
28%) of ﬁnancial assets and 16% (2021: 
14%) of ﬁnancial liabilities. The Board sets 
limits on the level of exposure by 
currency, which are monitored. 
The principal risk to which non-trading 
portfolios are exposed is the risk of loss 
from ﬂuctuations in the fu ture cash ﬂows 
or fair values of ﬁnancial instruments 
because of a change in market interest 
rates. Interest rate risk is managed 
principally through monitoring interest 
rate gaps and by having pre-approved 
limits for repricing bands. ALCO is the 
monitoring body for compliance with 
these limits and is assisted by the Risk 
Management Unit in its day-to-day 
monitoring activities. These day-to-day 
activities include monitoring changes in 
the Corporation’s interest rate exposures, 
which include the impact of the 
Corporation’s outstand ing or forecast 
debt obligations.
 
 
 
US dollars 
Others 
Total
Cash and balances with banks 
 
 
 34,821  
 87,861  
 122,682 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
 168,750  
 15,620  
 184,370 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets 
 
 
 611,209  
 -    
 611,209 
Financial assets at fair value 
Concentrations of currency risk – ﬁnancial instruments
Assets 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 1,040,412  
 332,156  
 1,372,568 
through proﬁt or loss 
 
 
 1,540,808  
 83,146  
 1,623,954 
Investment securities 
 
 
 1,587,719  
 1,332,841  
 2,920,560 
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
 7,834,995  
 2,679,491  
 10,514,486 
 
Borrowings 
 
 
 6,424,868  
 1,143,337  
 7,568,205 
Derivative ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
 
 37,441  
 34,840  
 72,281 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 
 113,254  
 74,636  
 187,890 
Loans and advances to other customers 
 
 
 2,840,196  
 772,068  
 3,612,264 
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
 
 6,575,563  
 1,252,813  
 7,828,376 
 
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
 
 512,945  
 1,171,463  
 1,684,408 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets 
 
 
 11,080  
 55,799  
 66,879 
The following analysis shows the Corporation’s sensitivity to increases or decreases in exchange rates. The analysis assumes that all 
other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant. The sensitivity of proﬁt or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises 
Net ﬁnancial position 
 
 
 1,259,432  
 1,426,678  
 2,686,110 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
189
52
f-52

--- Page 299 ---
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
 
 -    
 13,799  
 13,799 
Currency exposures emanating from the investment portfolio are hedged in line with the Corporation’s policy. As at 31 December 
2022, the net open FX position was US$66.5 million (2021: US$84.3 million) representing 2.5% (2021: 3.8%) of shareholders’ funds as of 
that date.  
 
 
 
 
 
Impact on Proﬁt or loss 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Sensitivity at 400bp US appreciation 
 
 
 -    
 (1,203) 
 (1,203)
Impact on Equity 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp US depreciation 
 
 
 -    
 638  
 638 
Net ﬁnancial position 
 
 
 674,657  
 1,554,901  
 2,229,558 
 
 
 
US dollars 
Others 
Total
 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 400bp US appreciation 
 
 
 -    
 (80,042) 
 (80,042)
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 
 77,104  
 49,199  
 126,303 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
 
 40,485  
 240,867  
 281,352 
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
 
 5,475,384  
 850,738  
 6,326,122 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings 
 
 
 5,398,280  
 787,740  
 6,186,020 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp US depreciation 
 
 
 -    
 12,296  
 12,296 
The following analysis shows the Corporation’s sensitivity to increases or decreases in exchange rates. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
mainly from monetary ﬁnancial instruments and investments in equity securities carried at fair value through proﬁt or loss and the 
impact on other components of equity arises from investments classiﬁed as fair value through OCI.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Impact on Equity 
 
 
 
 
 
US dollars 
Others 
Total
 
 
 
 
US dollars 
Others 
Total
Assets 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 1,661,947  
 179,750  
 1,841,697 
through proﬁt or loss 
 
 
 1,395,573  
 92,991  
 1,488,564 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets 
 
 
 409,485  
 -    
 409,485 
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation 
 
 
 -    
 (84,861) 
 (84,861)
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to other customers 
 
 
 2,157,466  
 823,390  
 2,980,856 
Sensitivity at 200bp  depreciation 
 
 
 -    
 15,085  
 15,085 
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation 
 
 
 -    
 (1,197) 
 (1,197)
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks 
 
 
 45,099  
 4,197  
 49,296 
Impact on Proﬁt or loss 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
 
 78,258  
 28,840  
 107,098 
Financial assets at fair value 
 
 
 
Sensitivity at 200bp  depreciation 
 
 
 -    
 635  
 635 
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
 6,150,041  
 2,405,639  
 8,555,680 
Other assets 
 
 
 16,286  
 54,475  
 70,761 
Investment securities 
 
 
 385,927  
 1,221,996  
 1,607,923 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
190
53
f-53

--- Page 300 ---
3.2.2    Interest rate risk
Interest rate benchmark reform 
The Corporation is exposed to the USD 
LIBOR and JPY LIBOR (collectively ‘IBORs’)  
which are referenced in derivatives and 
non-derivative ﬁnancial assets and 
liabilities with various counterparties. The 
alternative reference rate of the USD 
LIBOR is the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (SOFR) while the alternative 
reference rate for the JPY LIBOR is the 
Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (TONAR).
Risks arising from the interest rate 
benchmark reform 
 
The nature and extent of risks to which 
the Corporation is exposed as a result of 
IBOR reform is predominantly limited to 
interest rate basis risk.
i) 
Interest rate basis risk 
 
Overview 
 
Interest rate basis risk may arise if a 
non-derivative instrument and the 
derivative instrument held to 
manage the interest risk on the non-
derivative instrument transition to 
alternative benchmark rates at 
different times. This risk may also arise 
where back-to-back derivatives 
transition at different times. The 
Corporation has developed an 
appropriate strategy to ensure same-
time transition of related instruments. 
The Corporation will also continue to 
monitor this risk against its interest 
rate risk management policy and 
transact additional basis interest rate 
swaps if required.
 
Interest rate basis risk may also arise 
if the bilateral negotiations with 
counterparties are not successfully 
concluded before the cessation of 
IBORs. This may create uncertainties 
relating to which interest rate would 
apply to the contract(s) and 
additional interest rate risk that was 
not anticipated when the contracts 
were entered into. For example, in 
some cases the fallback clauses in 
IBOR loan contracts may result in the 
interest rate becoming ﬁxed for the 
remaining term at the last IBOR 
quote.  The Corporation is working 
closely with all counterparties to 
ensure that bilateral negotiations are 
completed on a timely basis. The 
Corporation’s interest rate risk 
management policy will also be 
applied to maintain the mix of 
ﬂoating rate and ﬁxed rate 
assets/liabilities.
The Corporation has closely monitored 
the market and the output from the 
various industry working groups 
man aging the transition to new 
benchmark interest rates. This includes 
announcements made by IBOR 
regulators (including the Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA) and the US 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission) 
regarding the transition from IBOR. The 
FCA has made clear that, at the end of 
2021, it will no longer seek to persuade, 
or compel, banks to submit to IBOR.
Progress on the transition to alternative 
benchmark interest rates
In response to these announcements, 
the Corporation in 2021 established a 
cross-functional IBOR Transition Working 
Group (the "Working Group") to manage 
its transition to the alternative reference 
rates. As at 31 December 2022, the 
Working Group has evaluated and 
quantiﬁed the Corporation's ﬁnancial 
assets and liabilities that reference LIBOR 
cashﬂows. The Working Group has also 
developed and ﬁnalised and started 
implementing its structured plan and 
roadmap for the transition and is 
currently managing communication 
about the LIBOR reform with clients and 
counterparties. The Working Group 
reports periodically to the Board and 
ALCO to su pport the management of 
interest rate risk and provide relevant 
information for key decisions relating to 
the LIBOR reform. They also collaborate 
with other business functions as needed.
A reform of major interest rate 
benchmarks  (‘IBOR reform’) is being 
undertaken globally, which involves the 
replacement of some interbank offered 
rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-
free rates. The Corporation has signiﬁcant 
exposure to the London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR) that have been 
reformed as part of these market-wide 
initiative s.
Over the course of the transition, the 
IBOR reform has had operational, risk 
management, legal and accounting 
impacts across all of our business lines. 
This includes the renegotiation of loan 
contracts through bilateral negotiation 
with customers, updating of contractual 
terms, updating of systems that use IBOR 
curves and revision of operational 
controls related to the reform.
 
 
 
 
 
 
No newly originated ﬂoating-rate loan or 
instrument will reference IBOR from 1 
January 2022. The Working Group is 
working closely with the busine ss teams 
to establish pricing for new lending 
products to be indexed to alternative 
nearly risk-free rates.
The Corporation has upgraded its 
internal treasury, loan and risk manage-
ment systems to support the transition to 
SOFR.  The Corporation sill works closely 
with its system provider to ensure the 
relevant updates are made in good time 
with plans in place for alternative 
manual procedures with relevant 
controls to address any potential delay.
For existing contracts that are indexed to 
an IBOR and mature after the expected 
cessation of the IBOR rate, t he Working 
Group has established policies to 
transition the affected contracts either by 
amending the contractual terms to 
replace the IBOR rate and/or including 
appropriate fallback clauses specifying 
the alternative benchmark rate, spread 
adjustment and the trigger event on 
which the clauses are activated.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
191
54
f-54

--- Page 301 ---
The Working Group monitored the 
progress of transition from USD LIBOR to 
SOFR by reviewing the total amounts of 
impacted contracts and the amounts of 
such contracts that include an appropri-
ate fallback clause. The Corporation 
considers that a contract is not yet 
transitioned to an alternative benchmark 
rate when interest under the contract is 
indexed to a benchmark rate that is still 
subject to IBOR reform, even if it includes 
a fallback clause that deals with the 
cessation of the existing IBOR (referred to 
as an ‘unreformed contract’).
The following tables show the total 
amounts of unreformed non-derivative 
ﬁnancial assets at 1 January 2021 and 
at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022. The amounts of these assets are 
shown at their gross carrying amounts. 
The Corporation has commenced 
negotiations on fallback clauses on 
legacy contracts that will be impacted 
by the IBOR reform.
a. Non-derivative ﬁnancial assets
The Corporation’s IBOR exposures on 
ﬂoating-rate loans to customers is 
predominantly USD LIBOR. For these 
assets, the Corporation selected the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
('SOFR') as the replacement reference 
rate. This also consisted of a change to 
the underlying calculation methodology. 
SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of 
borrowing cash overnight collateralised 
by U.S. Treasury securities in the repur-
chase agreement (repo) market. This 
rate is robust, is not at risk of cessation, 
and it meets international standards. It is 
produced by the New York Fed in 
cooperation with the Ofﬁce of Financial 
Research.
As at 31 December 2022, the Corpora-
tion has transitioned derivatives and/or 
negotiated fallback clauses for its LIBOR-
linked non-derivative ﬁnancial assets.
The publication of the one week and 
two-month USD LIBOR ceased on 
December 31, 2021 and all other USD 
LIBOR tenors (e.g., overnight, one month, 
three-month, six-month and twelve-
month) will cease after June 30, 2023 
(applicable to legacy contracts only).
 
 
 
1,587,154  
 1,689,383  
 1,393,632 
Amounts in thousands of dollars 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
USD LIBOR
USD LIBOR 
  
 
Project Finance Loans 
 
 
1,455,153  
 1,457,266  
 1,107,978
 
 
 
31 Dec 2021 
1 Jan 2021
31 Dec 2022 
Loans and advances to customers 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade Finance Loans 
 
 
132,001  
 232,117  
 285,654 
 
 
 
 
 
 
b. Non-derivative ﬁnancial liabilities
The transition strategy for the JPY LIBOR 
exposure was to terminate the contract 
at the next reset date in the ﬁrst quarter 
of the 2022 ﬁnancial year. The Corpora-
tion has commenced negotiations on 
fallback clauses on other legacy 
contracts that will be impacted by the 
IBOR reform.
The Corporation has ﬂoating-rate liabili-
ties indexed to USD LIBOR and JPY LIBOR. 
The Working Group and the Corpora-
tion’s treasury team have had several 
discussions with the counterparties of our 
ﬁnancial liabilities to amend the contrac-
tual terms in response to IBOR reform. 
Based on the outcome of negotiations 
and industry working group recommen-
dations, the counterparties have selected 
SOFR as the replacement for USD LIBOR 
and the Tokyo Overnight Average rate 
(TONA)  for the exposures in JPY LIBOR.
The following tables show the total 
amounts of unreformed non-derivative 
ﬁnancial liabilities as at 1 January 2021, 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022. The amounts shown in the table are 
the carrying amounts. 
 
31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2021 
1 Jan 2021 
1 Jan 2021
31 Dec 2022 31 Dec 2022 
Amounts in thousands of dollars 
USD LIBOR 
JPY LIBOR 
USD LIBOR 
JPY LIBOR
USD LIBOR 
JPY LIBOR 
Floating rate Notes 
 -    
 -    
 25,014  
 -    
 25,010  
 -   
Other Borrowings 
1,233,488  
 -    
 1,767,019  
 8,704  
 1,675,417  
 9,721 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1,233,488  
 -    
 1,792,033  
 8,704  
 1,700,428  
 9,721
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
192
55
f-55

--- Page 302 ---
a.  For cross currency swaps, the 
Corporation used the notional amount 
of the receive leg of the swap. The 
Corporation expects both legs of cross-
currency swaps to be reformed 
simultaneously.
Cashﬂow Interest rate risk
ISDA has reviewed its deﬁnitions in light 
of IBOR reform and issued an IBOR 
fallbacks supplement on 23 October 
2020. This sets out how the amendments 
to new alternative benchmark rates (e.g. 
SOFR) in the 2006 ISDA deﬁnitions will be 
accomplished. The effect of the 
supplement is to create fallback 
provisions in derivatives that describe 
what ﬂoating rates will apply on the 
permanent discontinuation of certain 
key IBORs or on ISDA declaring a non-
representative determination of an IBOR.
c. Derivatives 
The Corporation holds derivatives for 
trading and risk management purposes 
(see Note 17). None of the derivatives 
held for risk management purposes are 
designated in hedging relationships. The 
exposures to IBORs are in interest rate 
caps and cross-currency swaps with 
ﬂoating legs that are indexed to IBORs. 
The Corporation’s derivative instruments 
are governed by ISDA’s 2006 deﬁnitions.
The Corporation has adhered to the 
protocol to implement the fallbacks to 
derivative contracts that were entered 
into before the effective date of the 
supplement. Where derivative 
counterparties also adhered to the 
protocol, then new fallbacks were 
implemented in existing derivative 
contracts. During the course of transition, 
the Corporation monitored whether its 
counterparties also adhered to the 
protocol and, where counterparties did 
not, then the Corporation negotiated 
with them bilaterally about inclusion of 
new fallback clauses.
Cash ﬂow interest rate risk is the risk that 
the future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial 
instrument will ﬂuctuate because of  
changes in market interest rates.  Fair 
value interest rate risk is the risk that the 
value of a ﬁnancial instrument will 
ﬂuctuate because of changes in market 
interest rates.  The Corporation takes on 
exposures to the effects of ﬂuctuations in 
the prevailing levels of market interest 
rates on both the fair value of its ﬁnancial 
instruments and cash ﬂows. Interest 
margins may increase as a result of such 
changes but may produce losses in the 
event that adverse movements arise. The 
Board sets applicable limits on the level 
of interest rate mismatch that may be 
undertaken.
The following tables show the total 
amounts of unreformed derivative 
instruments and amounts that include 
appropriate fallback language at 1 
January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 
as at 31 December 2022.
The table below summarises the 
Corporation’s exposure to interest rate 
risks.  It includes the Corporation’s 
ﬁnancial instruments at carrying 
amounts, categorised by the earlier of 
contractual repricing or maturity dates.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
JPY LIBOR 
USD LIBOR 
JPY LIBOR
USD LIBOR 
JPY LIBOR 
Amounts in thousands of dollars
Derivatives held for risk management 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
258,786  
 13,701  
 287,319  
 9,342  
 212,710  
 9,342 
Interest rate swaps 
258,786  
 13,701  
 258,786  
 -    
 198,807  
 -   
 
31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2021 
1 Jan 2021 
1 Jan 2021
31 Dec 2022 31 Dec 2022 
Cross-currency swaps 
 -    
 -    
 28,533  
 9,342  
 13,903  
 9,342 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
193
56
f-56

--- Page 303 ---
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
1,818,171  
 4,367,849  
 140,102  
 6,326,122  
Other liabilities 
 
 -    
 -    
 126,303  
 126,303
Borrowings  
 
1,818,171  
 4,367,849  
 -    
 6,186,020  
  
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
 -    
 -    
 13,799  
 13,799  
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Total interest repricing gap 
 
1,627,233  
 (518,716) 
 1,116,298  
 2,224,815
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Repricing dates 
 
Up to 3  
Above 3 
Non-Interest 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Cash and balances with banks 
 
 -    
 -    
 122,682  
 122,682  
 
 
months 
months 
Bearing 
Total 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
1,372,568  
 -    
 -    
 1,372,568  
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
 -    
 -    
 184,370  
 184,370  
Loans and advances to customers 
 
1,880,882  
 1,687,461  
 43,921  
 3,612,264  
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
 12,908  
 463,870  
 1,147,176  
 1,623,954  
Investment securities 
 
1,528,193  
 1,339,447  
 52,920  
 2,920,560  
Pledged assets 
 
-    
 611,209  
 -    
 611,209  
Other assets 
 
-    
 -    
 66,879  
 66,879
  
Assets 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Cash and balances with banks 
 
 -    
 -    
 49,296  
 49,296  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total interest repricing gap 
 
2,231,134  
 (902,801) 
 1,357,777  
 2,686,110  
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
4,794,551  
 4,101,987  
 1,617,948  
 10,514,486  
  
 
 
months 
months 
Bearing 
Total 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
1,841,697  
 -    
 -    
 1,841,697  
Loans and advances to customers 
 
1,434,314  
 1,546,542  
 -    
 2,980,856  
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
-    
 508,152  
 980,412  
 1,488,564  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other liabilities 
 
-    
 -    
 187,890  
 187,890
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
2,563,417  
 5,004,788  
 260,171  
 7,828,376  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Repricing dates 
 
Up to 3  
Above 3 
Non-Interest 
 
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
 -    
 -    
 107,098  
 107,098  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings  
 
2,563,417  
 5,004,788  
 -    
 7,568,205  
Investment securities 
 
169,393  
 1,384,954  
 53,576  
 1,607,923  
Pledged assets 
 
-    
 409,485  
 -    
 409,485  
Other assets 
 
-    
 -    
 66,018  
 66,018
  
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
3,445,404  
 3,849,133  
 1,256,400  
 8,550,937  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
 -    
 -    
 72,281  
 72,281  
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
194
57
f-57

--- Page 304 ---
3.3 Liquidity Risk  
Cash and balances
Loans and advances
 
 
increase decrease 
Sensitivity of reported
In US$’000 
50 bp 
50 bp 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
day-to-day funding, managed by 
monitoring future cash ﬂows to 
ensure that requirements can be 
met;  
 
 
 
- 
monitoring statement of ﬁnancial 
position liquidity ratios against 
internal requirements; and 
2022 
1,163  
 (1,163) 
2021 
 -    
 -    
There were no interest-bearing ﬁnancial 
asset measured at FVOCI during the 
period (2021: Nil).
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Corporation holds a diversiﬁed 
portfolio of cash and High-Quality Liquid 
Assets (“HQLA”) to support ﬁnancial 
obligations and contingent funding in a 
stressed market environment. HQLA 
generally include cash, inter-bank 
placements and certain marketable 
securities backed by sovereigns and 
central banks. These assets are typically 
of the highest quality and the most 
liquid, and there is no limit on the extent 
to which these assets are held to meet 
the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) . 
Other HQLA assets include government 
securities  and corporate debt securities. 
The assets held for managing liquidity 
risk are comprise:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivities 
2021 
4,799  
 (4,799) 
- 
managing the concentration and 
proﬁle of debt maturities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the 
Corporation is unable to meet its 
payment obligations associated with its 
ﬁnancial liabilities when they fall due 
and to replace funds when they are 
withdrawn. The consequence may be 
the failure to meet obligations to repay 
lenders and fulﬁl commitments to lend. 
The Corporation’s liquidity management 
process includes:  
Equity for the year 
 
 
 
 
2022
 
Carrying 
Fair  
The management of interest rate risk 
against interest rate gap limits is 
supplemented by the sensitivity of the 
Corporation’s ﬁnancial assets and 
liabilities to various standard interest rate 
scenarios. The table below shows an 
analysis of the sensitivity of the 
Corporation’s Proﬁt or Loss and Other 
Comprehensive Income to an increase 
or decrease in market interest rates, 
assuming no asymmetrical movement in 
yield curves and a constant balance 
sheet position. However, for the purpose 
of sensitivity analysis, we have used a 
conservative assumption of 50 basis 
point (bp) parallel fall or rise in interest 
rates of the ﬁnancial assets and liabilities.
Sensitivity of reported 
 
 
 
 
 
Amount 
Value 
 
 
parallel 
parallel 
2022 
 -    
 -   
Proﬁt or Loss for the year 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
with banks 
122,682 
122,682 
Total liquidity
 
2021
 
Amount 
Value 
Cash and balances
with banks 
49,296  
 49,296 
reserves 
2,995,106   2,995,007
to banks 
1,374,933 1,374,933 
 
Carrying 
Fair  
Loans and advances
to banks 
1,841,697   1,841,697 
reserves 
3,200,771   3,235,711
 
US$’000 
US$’000
Investment securities 1,309,778   1,344,718
Total liquidity
Investment securities 1,497,491 1,497,392
As at 31 December 2022, the LCR was 
under stress scenario 157% (December 
2021: 156%) and  under normal 
circumstances 202% (December 2021: 
199%).
The Corporation has a Liquidity Policy 
and Contingency Funding Plan that 
deﬁnes extensively how liquidity risk 
would be managed within the 
Corporation. The policy requires that the 
Corporations keeps High Quality Liquid 
Assets (“HQLA”) to cover its Minimum 
Liquidity Level (“MLL”) at twelve and 
eighteen months under ‘stress’ and 
business as usual (“BAU”) conditions 
respectively. MLL, for the purpose of the 
Corporation, is deﬁned as the level of 
liquidity that is available to meet the 
Corporation’s ﬁnancial obligations 
(repayment of borrowing - principal plus 
interest accruals, operating expenses 
and other non-cancellable debt and 
equity commitments). Similar to the 
provisions of Basel III Capital Accord on 
Liquidity, the Corporation has deﬁned its 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) as its 
stock of HQLA as a proportion of its MLL, 
as deﬁned above. Under both stress and 
BAU conditions, the LCR is required to be 
greater than 100%.
Monitoring and reporting take the form 
of daily cash ﬂow measurement and 
projections. The starting point for those 
projections is an analysis of the 
contractual maturity of the ﬁnancial 
liabilities and the expected collection 
date of the ﬁnancial assets.
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
195
58
f-58

--- Page 305 ---
All ﬁgures in US$’000 
Carrying  
Within 1  
1 to 3  
3 to 6 
6 to 12  
1 to 2 
2 -5 
Above 5 
Nominal
Cash and balances
 
Amount 
Month 
Months 
Months 
Months 
Years 
Years 
Years 
Amount 
As at  31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross 
with banks 
 122,682  
 122,682  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -     122,682 
Loans and advances
to banks 
 1,372,568  
 899,013  
 762,151  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    1,661,164 
Derivative assets: 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
- Forward contracts 
 40,242   (586,503) 
 10,002  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -     (576,501)
- Interest Rate Options 
 23,192  
 -    
 -    
 555  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 555 
- Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
            Inﬂows -  
 8,791  
 42,746  
 -    
 654  
 1,632  
 2,873  
 5,470  
 1,045  
 54,420 
            Outﬂows - 
 
 -    
 (509) 
 -    
 (1,030) 
 (2,030) 
 (4,621) 
 (658) 
 (8,848)
            Inﬂows -  
 112,145  
 -    
 -     1,047,800  
 491,699  
 2,065  
 171,987  
 -    1,713,551 
            Outﬂows - 
 
 (291) 
 -     (976,373)  (467,886) 
 (5,415)  (174,419) 
 - (1,624,384)
- Cross currency swaps 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Financial assets at fair
value through proﬁt or loss 
 1,623,954  
 4,502  
 24,696  
 14,087  
 34,842  
 279,308  
 316,659   1,066,221   1,740,315 
Loans and advances to
other customers 
 3,612,264  
 19,121  
 371,538  
 195,398  
 645,392  
 754,246   1,883,507   1,263,400   5,132,602 
Investment securities 
 2,920,560   1,552,188  
 1,121  
 845,652  
 297,294  
 109,918  
 70,117  
 814,213   3,690,503 
Pledged assets 
 611,209  
 1,020  
 73,944  
 9,421  
 90,882  
 135,536  
 360,453  
 71,719  
 742,975 
- Forward contracts 
 23,192  
 (11,701) 
 7,778  
 72  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (3,851)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Cross currency swaps 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Funding gap 
  1,888,546   1,080,312  
 957,180  
 (62,106) (2,057,758)  (369,808) 
 695,386   2,131,752 
Derivative liabilities: 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Inﬂows -  
 -     (42,670) 
 (465) 
 -    
 (1,072) 
 (2,137) 
 (5,105) 
 (944) 
 (52,393)
Commitments 
 1,717,435  
 77,864  
 111,063  
 15,000  
 127,488   1,244,655  
 94,633  
 46,731   1,717,434 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 7,804,590  
 154,947  
 51,568  
 165,014   1,027,443   2,089,604   2,904,328   2,473,823   8,866,727 
Borrowings 
 7,568,205  
 2,468  
 42,943  
 153,875   1,029,498   2,090,598   2,906,202   2,476,273   8,701,857 
            Outﬂows - 
 9,678  
 42,746  
 654  
 -    
 1,632  
 2,873  
 5,470  
 1,045  
 54,420 
Cumulative funding gap 
  1,888,546   2,968,858   3,926,038   3,863,932   1,806,174   1,436,366   2,131,752  
 - 
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 10,514,486   2,121,357   1,242,943   1,137,194   1,092,825   1,276,501   2,629,153   3,215,940  12,715,913 
Other assets 
 66,879  
 66,879  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 66,879
 
- Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
Other liabilities 
 164,104  
 164,104  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -     164,104 
            Inﬂows -  
 -    
 -    
 (1,216)  (233,548) 
 (2,615) 
 (4,719) 
 (59,664) 
 -    (301,762)
            Outﬂows - 
 26,654  
 -    
 1,874  
 244,615  
 -    
 2,993  
 58,167  
 -     307,649
- Interest Rate Options 
 12,757  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (4) 
 (742) 
 (2,551) 
 (3,297)
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
196
59
f-59

--- Page 306 ---
As at  31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross 
All ﬁgures in US$’000 
Carrying  
Within 1  
1 to 3  
3 to 6 
6 to 12  
1 to 2 
2 -5 
Above 5 
Nominal
 
Amount 
Month 
Months 
Months 
Months 
Years 
Years 
Years 
Amount
- Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
            Outﬂows - 
 -    
 -    
 (388)  (414,643)  (673,626)  (136,142)  (250,007) 
 -  (1,474,805)
- Interest Rate Options 
 3,338  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 0  
 4  
 742  
 2,551  
 3,298 
other customers 
 2,980,856  
 25,840  
 77,736  
 137,156  
 469,251  
 618,832   1,115,937   1,273,295   3,718,049 
Derivative assets: 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
            Outﬂows - 
 4,646  
 -    
 -    
 293  
 322  
 725  
 2,079  
 3,186  
 6,605 
            Inﬂows -  
 76,775  
 -    
 40  
 430,350  
 684,723  
 140,266  
 251,230  
 -     1,506,610 
- Forward contracts 
 18,961  
 1,156  
 1,351  
 4,044  
 126,067  
 -    
 -    
 -     132,618 
 
Funding gap 
 -   1,430,574  
 453,640  
 528,535  
 723,383  
 65,478   (723,491) 
 680,629   3,158,748 
Financial assets at fair value
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 6,322,765  
 126,863  
 50,026  
 134,993  
 617,907  
 925,503   2,986,582   2,322,927   7,164,801 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
through proﬁt or loss 
 1,488,564  
 2,925  
 24,496  
 12,007  
 63,998  
 311,026  
 517,426  
 948,296   1,880,174 
Investment securities 
 1,607,923  
 20,251  
 20,931  
 444,620  
 760,336  
 (92,988) 
 509,642  
 778,263   2,441,055 
Other liabilities 
 122,946  
 122,946  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -     122,946 
- Forward contracts 
 5,095  
 -    
 2,809  
 1,377  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 4,186 
Loans and advances
            Inﬂows -  
 8,024  
 -    
 -    
 490  
 529  
 1,208  
 3,694  
 5,771  
 11,693 
- Cross currency swaps 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
to banks 
 1,841,697   1,469,108  
 375,558  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -     1,844,666 
            Inﬂows -  
 -    
 (7) 
 -    
 (8) 
 (13,908) 
 -    
 -    
 -     (13,923)
Loans and advances to
with banks 
 49,296  
 49,296  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 49,296 
Pledged assets 
 409,485  
 1,020  
 3,942  
 49,534  
 30,925  
 156,183  
 169,649  
 76,256  
 487,509 
Cash and balances
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 8,550,937   1,635,615  
 503,666  
 663,528   1,462,173  
 998,187   2,317,445   3,081,902  10,662,517 
- Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Derivative liabilities: 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
            Outﬂows - 
 
 -    
 -    
 (30) 
 (31) 
 (203) 
 (869) 
 (2,531) 
 (3,663)
Other assets 
 66,018  
 66,018  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 66,018
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Interest Rate Options 
 3,338  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (0) 
 (4) 
 (742) 
 (2,551) 
 (3,298)
            Inﬂows -  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 (1) 
 (102) 
 (336) 
 (1,526) 
 (1,964)
Borrowings 
 6,186,020  
 3,636  
 47,217  
 133,050  
 617,755  
 924,884   2,985,581   2,323,817   7,035,940 
- Cross currency swaps 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
            Outﬂows - 
 720  
 288  
 -    
 282  
 13,739  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14,309
Commitments 
 338,968  
 78,179  
 -    
 -     120,883  
 7,206  
 54,354  
 78,346  
 338,968 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cumulative funding gap 
 -   1,430,574   1,884,213   2,412,748   3,136,132   3,201,610   2,478,119   3,158,748  
 - 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
197
60
f-60

--- Page 307 ---
Loans and advances to customers 
18 
 -    
 3,612,264  
 3,612,264 
 
 
 
Encumbered 
Unencumbered 
Total
Loans and advances to customers 
18 
 -    
 2,980,856  
 2,980,856 
Cash and balances with banks 
15 
 -    
 49,296  
 49,296 
Cash and balances with banks 
15 
 -    
 122,682  
 122,682 
 
 
Note 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Total assets 
 
 409,485  
 7,055,961  
 7,465,44
The following table sets out the availability of the Corporation’s ﬁnancial assets (excluding equity securities and derivative assets) 
to support future funding. 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks 
16 
 -    
 1,372,568  
 1,372,568 
 
 
Note 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
 -    
 557,907  
 557,907 
 
Loans and advances to banks 
16 
 -    
 1,841,697  
 1,841,697 
Other assets 
22 
 -    
 66,018  
 66,018 
Investment securities 
 
 -    
 1,554,347  
 1,554,347 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets 
 
 611,209  
 8,599,940  
 9,211,149 
 
 
 
Financial assets available to support future funding 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets 
21 
 611,209  
 -    
 611,209 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities 
 
 -    
 2,867,640  
 2,867,640 
Other assets 
22 
 -    
 66,879  
 66,879 
 
 
 
Encumbered 
Unencumbered 
Total
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2021 
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
 -    
 563,747  
 563,747 
Pledged assets 
21 
 409,485  
 -    
 409,485 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
198
61
f-61

--- Page 308 ---
Critically appraises
potential investment
commitments
As required
Responsible for
liquidity management
and market risk
Monthly
Implementation of
the risk management
framework
Monthly
Review valuations of
equity and hybrid
investments
Quarterly
Manages the
procurement process.
Ensures value for money
As required
Provides strategic
direction on IT
architecture and
infrastructure
As required
Board of
Directors
Investment
Committee
Asset & Liability
Management
Committee (ALCO)
Risk Committee
(RISKCO)
Valuation Committee
(VALCO)
Procurement
 Committee (PC)
IT Steering
Committee
Sub-Investment
Committee
Executive Mangement
Committee (EXCO)
Board of
Directors
Board Nominations
and Governance
Committee
Board Audit
and Compliance
Committee
Board Risk
and Investment
Committee
Delegated Role
Sitting Frequency
Nominations and Appointments
Governance Policy and Monitoring
Quarterly
Audit Review  and Approval
Internal Compliance Monitoring
Quarterly
Risk Policy and Units
Investment Strategy and Approvals
Quarterly + As required
The Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility for policy formulation, strategy and decision making, with speciﬁc authority 
delegated to three subsidiary committees and Executive Management for day-to-day operations. Below represent the reporting 
structures of the various Board committees within the Corporation.  
3.4 Capital Management & Governance structure
In carrying out its oversight functions, EXCO through various committees manages the day to day operations of the Corporation. 
Below is a chart of the various sub committees of EXCO and their mandates.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
199
62
f-62

--- Page 309 ---
- 
to maintain a strong capital base to 
support the development of its 
business.
- 
to safeguard the Corporation’s 
ability to continue as a going 
concern so that it can continue to 
provide returns for shareholders and 
beneﬁts for other stakeholders; and
The table below summarises the 
composition of capital and the ratios of 
the Corporation for the year ended 31 
December 2022. The Corporation has no 
externally imposed capital requirements, 
but complied with its own internal capital 
adequacy requirements described 
above, during the year under review.
The Corporation’s objectives when 
managing capital, which is a broader 
concept than the ‘equity’ on the face of 
the statement of ﬁnancial position are:
Capital adequacy is monitored regularly 
by the Corporation’s management, 
employing techniques derived from the 
guidelines developed by the Basel 
Committee. The Corporation’s Capital 
Adequacy Framework requires the 
business to maintain a ratio of total risk 
capital to the risk-weighted asset (the 
Basel ratio) at a minimum of 30%. To 
allow for a proactive management of 
any issue with its capital position, the 
Corporation has further deﬁned an 
internal trigger at 40% that would 
necessitate the activation of a remedial 
action.
The Corporation raised additional Tier 1 
capital of US$236.9 million during the 
year from new and existing sharehold-
ers. As part of the long-term process to 
continually strengthen our capital base, 
callable capital was introduced into the 
capital structure of the Corporation. At 
31 December 2022, the outstanding 
callable capital amounted to US$23 
million (2021: US$15 million). The callable 
capital was credit enhanced using 
insurance cover from investment grade 
rated insurance companies.
At the end of the ﬁnancial year, the 
capital  adequacy ratio stood at 34.3% 
(2021: 33.2%) and 31.5% (2021:30%) 
excluding the Tier II capital borrowings. 
The Corporation’s capital currently 
comprises of Tier 1- 89% (2020: 87%) and 
Tier 2 - 11% (2021: 13%) capital as shown 
below:
Tier 1: Comprises of share capital, share 
warrants, retained earnings and reserves 
created by appropriations of retained 
earnings.
- 
to comply with the capital require-
ments set by the Board of Directors 
of the Corporation;
Tier 2: Comprises of unrealised gains 
arising from the fair valuation of equity 
instruments held at fair value through 
other comprehensive income, collective 
impairment allowance made on debt 
instruments and borrowings which meet 
the criteria for inclusion as tier 2 capital 
under Basel requirements.
The risk weighted assets are measured 
by means of a hierarchy of risk weights 
classiﬁed according to the nature of 
(and reﬂecting an estimate of credit, 
market and other risks associated with) 
each asset and counterparty, taking into 
account any eligible collateral or 
guarantees.  A similar treatment is 
adopted for off-balance sheet exposures, 
with some adjustments to reﬂect the 
more contingent nature of the potential 
losses.
Retained earnings 
 
 
 1,049,190  
 824,808 
Total qualifying Tier 1 capital 
 
 
 2,723,735  
 2,262,416 
Borrowings 
 
 
 250,000  
 250,000 
Share premium 
 
 
 184,018  
 66,432 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet 
 
 
 436,881  
 169,484 
Total risk-weighted assets 
 
 
 8,924,488  
 7,785,496 
Net fair valuation gain on FVOCI assets 
 
 
 (24,299) 
 (23,653)
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021  
Total qualifying capital 
 
 
 3,060,992  
 2,584,948 
Basel ratio                                                                          
 
 
34.3% 
33.2%
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
Share capital 
 
 
 1,290,527  
 1,171,176 
Tier 1 capital 
 
 
 
 
Risk-weighted assets: 
 
 
 
Share warrants 
 
 
 200,000  
 200,000 
 
 
 
On-balance sheet 
 
 
 8,487,607  
 7,616,012 
Tier 2 capital 
 
Impairment allowance 
 
 
 111,556  
 96,185 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
200
63
f-63

--- Page 310 ---
The Corporation measures fair values 
using the following fair value hierarchy, 
which reﬂects the signiﬁcance of the 
inputs used in making the measure-
ments.
3.5   Fair value of ﬁnancial assets and 
liabilities
The fair values of ﬁnancial assets and 
ﬁnancial liabilities that are traded in 
active markets are based on quoted 
market prices or dealer price quotations. 
For all other ﬁnancial instruments, the 
Corporation determines fair values using 
other valuation techniques. For ﬁnancial 
instruments that trade infrequently and 
have little price transparency, fair value is 
less objective, and requires varying 
degrees of judgement depending on 
liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of 
market factors, pricing assumptions and 
other risks affecting the speciﬁc 
instrument.
Current year valuation and sensitivity 
methodologies are consistent with those 
described within note 3.5, fair value of 
ﬁnancial instruments in the Corporation’s 
2021 annual report.
(a)    Valuation models
-     Level 1: inputs that are quoted 
market prices (unadjusted) in active 
markets for identical instruments.
-     Level 2: inputs other than quoted 
prices included within Level 1 that 
are observable either directly (i.e. as 
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from 
prices). This category includes 
instruments valued using: quoted 
market prices in active markets for 
similar instruments; quoted prices for 
identical or similar instruments in 
markets that are considered less 
than active; or other valuation 
techniques in which all signiﬁcant 
inputs are directly or indirectly 
observable from market data.
Valuation techniques include net present 
value and discounted cash ﬂow models, 
comparison with similar instruments for 
which market observable prices exist, 
Black-Scholes and polynomial option 
pricing models and other valuation 
models. Assumptions and inputs used in 
valuation techniques include risk-free 
and benchmark interest rates, credit 
spreads and other premia used in 
estimating discount rates, bond and 
equity prices, foreign currency exchange 
rates, equity and equity index prices and 
expected price volatilities and correla-
tions.
The objective of valuation techniques is 
to arrive at a fair value measurement 
that reﬂects the price that would be 
received to sell the asset or paid to 
transfer the liability in an orderly 
transaction between market partici-
pants at the measurement date.
The Corporation uses widely recognised 
valuation models for determining the fair 
value of common and plain vanilla 
ﬁnancial instruments, such as interest 
rate and currency swaps that use only 
observable market data and require little 
management judgement and estima-
tion. Observable prices or model inputs 
are usually available in the market for 
listed debt and equity securities, 
exchange-traded derivatives and simple 
over-the-counter derivatives such as 
interest rate swaps. Availability of 
observable market prices and model 
inputs reduces the need for manage-
ment judgement and estimation and 
also reduces the uncertainty associated 
with determining fair values. Availability 
of observable market prices and inputs 
varies depending on the products and 
markets and is prone to changes based 
on speciﬁc events and general 
conditions in the ﬁnancial markets.
-     Level 3: inputs that are unobservable. 
This category includes all instruments 
for which the valuation technique 
includes inputs not based on observ-
able data and the unobservable 
inputs have a signiﬁcant effect on 
the instrument’s valuation. This cate-
gory includes instruments that are 
valued based on quoted prices for 
similar instruments for which signiﬁ-
cant unobservable adjustments or 
assumptions are required to reﬂect 
differences between the instruments.
For more complex ﬁnancial instruments, 
the Corporation uses proprietary valua-
tion models, which are usually devel-
oped from recognised valuation models. 
Some or all of the signiﬁcant inputs into 
these models may not be observable in 
the market, and are derived from market 
prices or rates or are estimated based 
on assumptions. Examples of instruments 
involving signiﬁcant unobservable inputs 
include unquoted equity securities for 
which there is no active market. 
Valuation models that employ signiﬁcant 
unobservable inputs require a higher 
degree of management judgement and 
estimation in the determination of fair 
value. Management judgement and 
estimation are usually required for 
selection of the appropriate valuation 
model to be used, determination of 
expected future cash ﬂows on the 
ﬁnancial instrument being valued, 
determination of the probability of 
counterparty default and prepayments 
and selection of appropriate discount 
rates.
Fair value estimates obtained from 
models are adjusted for any other 
factors, such as liquidity risk or model 
uncertainties, to the extent that the 
Corporation believes that a third-party 
market participant would take them into 
account in pricing a transaction. Fair 
values reﬂect the credit risk of the 
instrument and include adjustments to 
take account of the credit risk of the 
counterparty where appropriate.
(b)    Valuation framework
The Corporation has an established 
control framework with respect to the 
measurement of fair values. This 
framework includes a Product Control 
function, which is independent of front 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
201
64
f-64

--- Page 311 ---
ofﬁce management and reports to the 
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, and which has 
overall responsibility for independently 
verifying the results of investment 
operations and all fair value measure-
ments. Speciﬁc controls in the 
Corporation’s valuation control 
framework include:
- 
an established procedure for the 
veriﬁcation of observable market 
prices;
- 
a review and approval process for 
new models and changes to models 
analysis and investigation of 
signiﬁcant daily valuation move-
ments; and
- 
an established procedure for the 
independent re-performance and 
validation of model-based valua-
tions;
- 
review of unobservable inputs, 
valuation adjustments and changes 
to the fair value measurement of 
Level 3 instruments compared with 
the previous period, by the valuation 
committee (a committee which 
includes the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer 
and the Chief Risk Ofﬁcer)
The following table analyses ﬁnancial 
instruments measured at fair value as at 
31 December 2022, by the level in the 
fair value hierarchy into which the fair 
value measurement is categorised. The 
amounts are based on the values 
recognised in the statement of ﬁnancial 
position.
Level 2 and 3 categories, fair valuation 
adjustments are approved by the Board 
of Directors through two of its subsidiary 
committees: Audit and Compliance 
Committee and Risk and Investment 
Committee.
-  
Forward contracts 
 
 -    
 23,192  
 -   
-  
Cross currency swaps 
 
 -    
 26,654  
 -   
Derivatives assets 
 
 
-  
Cross currency swaps 
 
 -    
 112,145  
 -   
-  
Equity securities 
 
 14,059  
 -    
 1,051,988 
Assets 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
-  
Forward contracts 
 
 -    
 40,242  
 -   
-  
Assets under management (debt securities) 
 
 19,837  
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3
-  
Interest rate options 
 
 -    
 23,192  
 -   
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
Investment securities: 
 
Total 
 
 53,610  
 184,370  
 1,623,264 
Derivatives liabilities: 
 
 
-  
Interest rate swaps 
 
 -    
 8,791  
 -   
-  
Equity securities (FVOCI) 
 
 19,714  
 -    
 33,206 
Liabilities 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
-  
Hybrid instrument (convertible debt) 
 
 
 
 538,070 
 
 
 
-  
Interest rate options 
 
 -    
 12,757  
 -   
-  
Interest rate swaps 
 
 -    
 9,678  
 -   
Total 
 
 -    
 72,281  
 -   
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
202
65
f-65

--- Page 312 ---
- Interest rate swaps 
 
 -    
 4,646  
 -   
Total 
 
 -    
 13,799  
 -   
- Cross currency swaps 
 
 -    
 720  
 -   
 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3
Assets 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
- Cross currency swaps 
 
 -    
 76,775  
 -   
- Interest rate options 
 
 -    
 3,338  
 -   
  - Hybrid instrument (convertible debt) 
 
 
 
 542,751 
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
 
- Interest rate swaps 
 
 -    
 8,024  
 -   
Investment securities: 
 
  - Equity securities (FVOCI) 
 
 19,714  
 -    
 33,862 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives assets 
 
Total 
 
 57,072  
 107,098  
 1,485,068 
 
 
 
 
- Forward contracts 
 
 -    
 18,961  
 -   
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
  - Equity securities 
 
 16,362  
 -    
 908,455 
Derivatives liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
- Forward contracts 
 
 -    
 5,095  
 -   
  - Assets under management (debt) 
 
 20,996  
 -    
 -   
- Interest rate options 
 
 -    
 3,338  
 -   
The Corporation’s policy is to recognise 
transfers into and transfers out of fair 
value hierarchy levels as at the end of 
the reporting period. There were no 
transfers between levels 1 and 2 for 
recurring fair value measurements 
during the year.
Level 2 fair value measurements
The foreign exchange forward contracts 
and interest rate swaps were valued 
using widely recognised valuation 
models that use only observable market 
data and require little management 
judgement and estimation. The option 
contracts were valued using the Black 
Scholes option pricing model. 
The hybrid instruments were valued 
using the binomial tree model. The zero 
rate curve used in the model was 
obtained from an observable ﬁnancial 
market (2021: the zero rate curve 
obtained from an observable ﬁnancial 
market was used to value the hybrid 
instruments).
Assumptions and inputs used include 
risk-free and benchmark interest rates, 
credit spreads and other premia used in 
estimating discount rates, foreign 
currency exchange rates, and expected 
price volatilities and correlations.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
203
66
f-66

--- Page 313 ---
There were no transfers to level 3 during the ﬁnancial year (2021: US$ 266,836).
At beginning of year 
 
 
1,485,068  
 1,033,715 
At end of year  
 
 
 1,623,264  
 1,485,068 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021  
Unrealised (losses)/gains: 
Repayment/disposal 
 
 
 (40,125) 
 (5,218)
Additions 
 
 
 115,817  
 158,785 
Derecognised 
 
 
 (10) 
 -   
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Level 3 items
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Transferred to level 3 
 
 
 -    
 266,836 
- in OCI 
 
 
 (646) 
 (26,214)
Transfer to level 3 
 
 
Reclassiﬁcations 
 
 
 -    
 13,495 
Exchange gain/(loss) 
 
 
 -    
 -   
- in Proﬁt or loss 
 
 
 63,160  
 43,669 
Level 3 fair value measurements
The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the 
ending balances for fair value measurements in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
Type of ﬁnancial 
instrument
20
 (US$’000)
22
Fair value 
31 December 
Valuation 
technique
Signiﬁcant 
unobservable 
input
Range of 
estimates for 
unobservable 
input
Fair value measurement sensitivity to 
unobservable inputs
Unquoted equity 
securities
1,085,194
Discounted 
cashﬂow
WACC
10.3% - 15.0%
Signiﬁcant increases in the cost of equity, in 
isolation, would result in lower fair values. 
Signiﬁcant reduction would result in higher 
fair values
Terminal growth 
rate
1% - 3.3%
Signiﬁcant increases in terminal growth 
rate, in isolation, would result in higher fair 
values. Signiﬁcant reduction would result in 
lower fair values
Hybrid instruments
538,070
Option 
Pricing 
Model
Credit Spread
3% – 5% Signiﬁcant increases in credit spread, in 
isolation, would result in lower fair values. 
Signiﬁcant reduction would result in higher 
fair values.
Total
1,632,264
31 December 2022
 
 
 
 
 
 
The table below sets out information about signiﬁcant unobservable inputs 
used as at 31 December 2022 in measuring ﬁnancial instruments categorised 
as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:
Unobservable inputs used in measuring fair value 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
204
67
f-67

--- Page 314 ---
Type of ﬁnancial 
instrument
2021 (US$’000)
as at 31 Dec 
Fair value 
Valuation 
technique
Signiﬁcant 
unobservable 
input
Range of 
estimates for 
unobservable 
input
Fair value measurement sensitivity to 
unobservable inputs
Unquoted equity 
securities
942,317
Discounted 
cashﬂow
Cost of equity
10.5% - 16.5% Signiﬁcant increases in the cost of equity, in 
isolation, would result in lower fair values. 
Signiﬁcant reduction would result in higher 
fair values
Terminal growth 
rate
1% - 3.3% Signiﬁcant increases in terminal growth rate, 
in isolation, would result in higher fair values. 
Signiﬁcant reduction would result in lower 
fair values
Hybrid instruments
542,751
Option Pricing 
Model
Credit Spread
3% – 5% Signiﬁcant increases in credit spread, in 
isolation, would result in lower fair values. 
Signiﬁcant reduction would result in higher 
fair values.
Total
1,485,068
31 December 2021
The Corporation believes that its 
estimates of fair values are appropriate. 
However, the use of different methodolo-
gies or assumptions could lead to 
different measurements of fair value. For 
fair value measurements in Level 3, 
changing the cost of equity or terminal 
growth rate by a reasonable possible 
value, in isolation, would have the 
following effects on Other Comprehen-
sive Income and proﬁt or loss for the year 
as follows:
The effect of unobservable inputs on 
fair value measurement
The valuation techniques and signiﬁcant 
unobservable inputs for assets and 
liabilities recognised at fair value and 
classiﬁed as level 3 are consistent with 
note 3.5, fair value of ﬁnancial instru-
ments in the Corporation’s 2021 annual 
report.
i. 
The Corporation applied the Capital 
Asset Pricing Model to determine the 
cost of equities for its various 
unquoted equities which were fair 
valued at year end.
iii. Equity risk premium was determined 
based on data obtained from 
Damodaran Online and expert 
judgment.
iv. Beta estimates were obtained from 
Damodaran Online, while illiquidity 
and minority discounts were applied 
in line with valuation best practices.
Signiﬁcant unobservable inputs in the 
discounted cash ﬂow technique applied 
are developed as follows:
ii. 
The risk-free rate was sourced from 
Bloomberg and determined using 
the yield on the US Government 
bond and Germany Government 
bond (for Euro-denominated assets) 
of the appropriate tenor and this was 
adjusted for country risk premium 
(for unquoted securities denomi-
nated in US Dollars and Euros).
Key Assumption 
Increase 
 Decrease 
Increase 
Decrease
Terminal growth rate 
 -    
 -    
 753  
 (649)
 
 
1%  
1% 
1% 
1%  
 
 
 Comprehensive Income  
Proﬁt or loss  
 
 
 
 
Cost of equity 
 (691) 
 759  
 (8,941) 
 9,652 
Key Assumption 
Increase 
 Decrease 
Increase 
Decrease
WACC 
 643  
 421  
 85,934  
 (72,232)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Terminal growth rate 
 -    
 -    
 753  
 (649)
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 -   31 December 2021 
 
Other 
US$’000 -   31 December 2022 
 
Other 
 
 
 
Comprehensive Income  
Proﬁt or loss  
 
 
1%  
1% 
1% 
1%  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
205
68
f-68

--- Page 315 ---
For the Corporation’s hybrid instruments, 
the following highlights the sensitivity of 
the fair value of these instruments to key 
input factors as at reporting date:
 
 
 
Credit Spread 
 21,567 
 40,055  
 
Eﬀect on Proﬁt
 
or Loss (US$'000) 
Key Assumption 
 
2021
2022
2% increase in
Credit Spread 
(45,569) 
 (35,400) 
2% decrease in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative credit (CVA) and debit 
valuation adjustments (DVA)
The effect of CVA/DVA adjustments is 
insigniﬁcant on the Corporation’s 
portfolio.
Due to the short-term nature of certain 
ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities, 
the fair values are not signiﬁcantly 
different from their carrying amounts. 
These ﬁnancial assets and liabilities are 
as follows:
i. 
Cash and bank balances: 
Financial instruments not measured at 
fair value
 
The carrying amount of cash and 
bank balances is a reasonable 
approximation of the fair value. Cash 
and bank balances are disclosed in 
note 35.
ii. Loans and advances to bank: Loans 
to banks are short-term money 
market placements, therefore the fair 
values are not signiﬁcantly different 
from the carrying amount.
iii. Treasury bills are short-term securities, 
therefore the fair values are not 
signiﬁcantly different from the 
carrying amount.
iv. Other assets and other liabilities: 
 
The carrying amounts of other assets 
and other liabilities are considered to 
be the same as their fair values due 
to their short-term nature.
The following table sets out the fair 
values of ﬁnancial instruments not 
measured at fair value and analyses 
them by the level in the fair value 
hierarchy into which each fair value 
measurement is categorised.
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
values 
values 
31 December 2022
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
 
 
 
 
Total fair  
carrying  
-    Project ﬁnance 
-    
 -    
 3,065,325  
 3,065,325  
 3,065,325 
-    Government debt securities                 
2,573,626  
 -    
 -    
 2,573,626  
 2,537,313 
Pledged assets: 
- 
- 
- 
 -    
 -    
-    Corporate debt securities 
291,598  
 -    
 -    
 291,598  
 330,577 
-    Government debt securities                 
240,249  
 -    
 -    
 240,249  
 280,632 
-    Trade ﬁnance 
 -    
 -    
 546,939  
 546,939  
 546,939 
Other assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
S$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
-    Account receivable 
39,854  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 39,854 
-    Fee receivable 
12,325  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 12,325 
-    Advance for investments 
14,700  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 14,700 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
3,180,034  
 -    
 3,933,639  
 7,046,794  
 7,157,992 
-    Corporate debt securities 
 7,682  
 -    
 321,375  
 329,057  
 330,327 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
Other liabilities 
187,890  
 -    
 -    
 187,890  
 187,890 
Total                       
4,019,782  
 3,911,922  
 -    
 7,931,704  
 7,756,095 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings 
3,831,892  
 3,911,922  
 -    
 7,743,814  
 7,568,205 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
206
69
f-69

--- Page 316 ---
-    Corporate debt securities 
136,077  
 -    
 -    
 136,077  
 128,397 
Borrowings 
2,417,370 
3,911,922  
 -    
 6,329,292  
 6,186,020 
Other liabilities 
126,303  
 -    
 -    
 126,303  
 126,303 
Where available, the fair value of investment securities (corporate and government debt securities), loans and advances are based 
on observable market transactions. Where observable market transactions are not available, fair value is estimated using valuation 
models, such as discounted cash ﬂow techniques.
-    Advance for investments 
51,179  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 51,179 
-    Account receivable 
6,159  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6,159 
-    Government debt securities                 
296,699  
 -    
 -    
 296,699  
 281,088 
The fair value of borrowing from counterparty is estimated using discounted cash ﬂow techniques, applying the rates that are offered 
for deposits of similar maturities and terms. 
 
-    Trade ﬁnance 
 -    
 -    
 481,545  
 481,545  
 481,545 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
-    Corporate debt securities 
184,002  
 -    
 253,461  
 437,463  
 420,399 
-    Fee receivable 
8,680  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8,680 
-    Government debt securities                 
1,183,027  
 -    
 -    
 1,183,027  
 1,133,948 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
Other assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Total                       
2,417,370  
 3,911,922  
 -    
 6,329,292  
 6,186,020
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
Assets 
S$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
-    Project ﬁnance 
 -    
 -    
 2,499,311  
 2,499,311  
 2,499,311 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
values 
values 
31 December 2021
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total fair  
carrying  
Total 
1,865,823  
 -    
 3,234,317  
 5,034,122  
 5,010,706 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
207
70
f-70

--- Page 317 ---
Assets as per Statement of Financial Position
Assets  
 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000
Cash and balances with banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 122,682  
 122,682 
Derivatives 
 
184,370  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 184,370 
through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Hybrid instruments 
 
538,070  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 538,070 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FVTPL 
at FVTPL 
Instruments 
Instruments 
Cost 
Amount
The following table provides a reconciliation between line items in the statement of ﬁnancial position and categories of ﬁnancial 
instruments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
other Customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loan and advances to
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandatorily 
Designated 
- Debt  
- Equity 
Amortised 
Carrying 
-  
Project ﬁnance 
 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 3,065,325  
 3,065,325 
-  
Trade ﬁnance 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 546,939  
 546,939 
Financial assets at fair value
- 
Equity securities 
 
1,066,047  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,066,047 
 
 
 
 
 
FVOCI 
FVOCI  
 
 
- 
Assets under management 
 
-    
 19,837  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 19,837 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Placements with banks 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,372,568  
 1,372,568 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.6  Financial instruments by category 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
72,281  
 -    
 7,732,309  
 7,804,590
- 
Debt securities 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 611,209  
 611,209 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Advance for investment 
 
 
 
 
 
14,700  
 14,700 
Derivatives 
 
72,281  
 -    
 -    
 72,281  
 
- 
Debt securities 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,867,640  
 2,867,640 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings 
 
-    
 -    
 7,568,205  
 7,568,205 
- 
Account receivable 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 39,854  
 39,854 
- 
Equity securities 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 52,920  
 -    
 52,920 
 
 
 
FVTPL 
 at FVTPL 
Cost 
 Amount
Liabilities 
 
 
 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000
- 
Fee receivable 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 12,325  
 12,325 
 
 
 
Mandatorily 
Designated  
Amortised  
Carrying
Other liabilities 
 
 -    
 -    
 164,104  
 164,104  
 
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
1,788,487  
 19,837  
 -    
 52,920  
 8,653,242  
 10,514,486
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
208
71
f-71

--- Page 318 ---
FVOCI 
FVOCI  
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value
- 
Hybrid instruments 
 
542,751  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 542,751 
- 
Assets under management 
 
-    
 20,996  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 20,996 
-  
Account receivable 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 6,159  
 6,159 
- 
Equity securities 
 
924,817  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 924,817 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets  
 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives 
 
107,098  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 107,098 
- 
Placements with banks 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,841,697  
 1,841,697 
Loan and advances to
other Customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Trade ﬁnance 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 481,545  
 481,545 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandatorily 
Designated 
- Debt  
- Equity 
Amortised 
Carrying 
 
 
 
FVTPL 
at FVTPL 
Instruments 
Instruments 
Cost 
Amount
Cash and balances with banks 
 
 
 
 
 
49,296  
 49,296 
- 
Project ﬁnance 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 2,499,311  
 2,499,311 
through proﬁt or loss: 
- 
Debt securities 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 1,554,347  
 1,554,347 
- 
Equity securities 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 53,576  
 -    
 53,576 
- 
Debt securities 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 409,485  
 409,485 
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Fee receivable 
 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 8,680  
 8,680 
- 
Advance for investment 
 
 
 
 
 
51,179  
 51,179
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
1,574,666  
 20,996  
 -    
 53,576  
 6,901,699  
 8,550,937 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandatorily 
Designated  
Amortised  
Carrying
 
 
 
FVTPL 
 at FVTPL 
Cost 
 Amount
Other liabilities 
 
-    
 -    
 122,946  
 122,946  
 
Borrowings 
 
-    
 -    
 6,186,020  
 6,186,020 
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
 13,799  
 -    
 6,308,966  
 6,322,765  
 
Liabilities 
 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
Derivatives 
 
13,799  
 -    
 -    
 13,799  
 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
209
72
f-72

--- Page 319 ---
-  
Establishing the number and relative 
weightings of forward-looking 
scenarios for each type of product/ 
market and the associated ECL; 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) Impairment losses on loans and 
advances  
4.  Critical accounting 
estimates and judgements 
in applying accounting 
policies 
 
 
 
 
The Corporation’s ﬁnancial statements 
and its ﬁnancial result are inﬂuenced by 
accounting policies, assumptions, 
estimates and management judgement, 
which necessarily have to be made in 
the course of preparation of the 
ﬁnancial statements.
The Corporation makes estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of assets and liabilities as at 
the end of the ﬁnancial year.  Estimates 
and judgements are continually 
evaluated and are based on historical 
experience and other factors, including 
expectations of future events that are 
believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances 
1. Assumption and estimation 
uncertainties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information about assumptions and 
estimation uncertainties that have a 
signiﬁcant risk of resulting in a material 
adjustment in the year ended 31 
December 2022 is set out in note 3.5 (fair 
value of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities) in 
relation to the fair value of ﬁnancial 
instruments, and in the following notes in 
relation to other areas.
Equity investments that result in the 
Corporation having a signiﬁcant 
inﬂuence, but not control, over the 
ﬁnancial and operating policies of the 
investee companies are carried in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position at fair 
value through proﬁt or loss rather than 
accounted for as associates using the 
equity method of accounting.
The measurement of the Corporation's 
deﬁned beneﬁt obligation involves the 
use of key actuarial assumptions that 
include the discount rate, rate of future 
salary growth and inﬂation rates. 
Changes to these assumptions will 
impact the carrying value of pension 
obligations.
(c) Exemption under IAS 28 – 
Investment in Associates and Joint 
Ventures   
 
 
 
 
Information about judgements made in 
applying accounting policies that have 
the most signiﬁcant effects on the 
amounts recognised in the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements are set out below.
(a) Measurement of ECL 
A number of signiﬁcant judgements are 
also required in applying the accounting 
requirements for measuring ECL, such as:
 
- 
Determining criteria for signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk;
(d) Measurement of deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation
-  
Choosing appropriate models and 
assumptions for the measurement of 
ECL;
 
 
 
 
 
The fair value of ﬁnancial instruments 
where no active market exists or where 
quoted prices are not otherwise 
available are determined by using 
valuation techniques. In these cases, the 
fair values are estimated from observ-
able data in respect of similar ﬁnancial 
instruments or using models. Where 
market observable inputs are not 
available, they are estimated based on 
appropriate assumptions. Where 
valuation techniques (for example, 
models) are used to determine fair 
values, they are validated and periodi-
cally reviewed by qualiﬁed personnel 
independent of those that sourced 
them. All models are certiﬁed before they 
are used, and models are calibrated to 
ensure that outputs reﬂect actual data 
and comparative market prices. To a 
practicable extent, models use only 
observable data; however, areas such as 
credit risk (both own credit risk and 
counterparty risk), volatilities and 
correlations require management to 
make estimates. Changes in assump-
tions about these factors could affect 
the reported fair value of ﬁnancial 
instruments.
This treatment is permitted by IAS 28 
Investment in Associates and Joint 
Ventures, which permits investments held 
by venture capital organizations and 
similar ﬁnancial institutions to be 
excluded from its scope where those 
investments are designated, upon initial 
recognition, as at fair value through proﬁt 
or loss and accounted for in accor-
dance with IFRS 9, with changes in fair 
value recognised in the income 
statement in the period of the change. 
The Corporation’s operational activities 
typically entail provision of equity ﬁnance 
to unquoted companies and taking an 
active role in helping to build and 
develop such companies by having a 
representation on the Board of the 
investee companies. The equity business 
of the Corporation is managed and 
appraised with the objective of earning 
capital return on its venture capital 
investments upon exit in the medium 
term. The Corporation is also a member 
of the Africa Private Equity & Venture 
Capital Association (AVCA).
2. Judgements 
The measurement of the expected credit 
loss allowance for ﬁnancial assets 
measured at amortised cost and FVOCI 
is an area that requires the use of 
complex models and signiﬁcant 
assumptions about future economic 
conditions and credit behaviour (e.g. 
the likelihood of customers defaulting 
and the resulting losses). Explanation of 
the inputs, assumptions and estimation 
techniques used in measuring ECL 
which also sets out key sensitivities of the 
ECL to changes in these elements.
 
 
 
 
(b) Fair value of ﬁnancial instruments 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
210
73
f-73

--- Page 320 ---
Loss 
 
 
 
 
Effect of a 1% increase: 
1,975  
 2,561 
In measuring credit risk of loans and 
advances to various counterparties, the 
Corporation considers the character and 
capacity of the obligor, the probability 
that an obligor or counterparty will 
default over a given period (probability 
of default – PD), the portion of the loan 
expected to be irrecoverable at the time 
of loan default (loss given default – LGD) 
and carrying amount of the loan that is 
outstanding as at reporting date 
(exposure at default – EAD). The table 
below shows the sensitivities of the 
impairment loss provision for 1% increase 
or decrease in the LGD and PD, across 
the Corporation’s risk asset portfolio.
 
 
 
 
US$’000 US$’000 
Information about assessment of the 
business model within which the assets 
are held and assessment of whether the 
contractual terms of the ﬁnancial asset 
are SPPI on the principal amount 
outstanding are set out in note 2.4. 
Although the Corporation holds 50.5% of 
the issued ordinary equity in Arise IIP, 
management has determined that the 
Corporation does not have control over 
the entity. The entity has two (2) 
shareholders, but based on the terms of 
agreements under which the entity was 
established, each shareholder has equal 
voting rights. This implies that both 
shareholders have substantive rights in 
the entity. Therefore, the entity has been 
carried at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
(FVTPL) in accordance with the 
requirements of IAS 28.
Increase/(decrease) 
 
 
The Corporation has exercised judge-
ment in determining whether it has 
control over investee entities where the 
Corporation holds over 50% of the issued 
ordinary equity of the investee.
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2021
 
 
 
 
 
of Default   Default
 
 
 
 
US$’000 US$’000
-    Assumptions used in estimating 
recoverable cashﬂows.
Effect of a 1% decrease: 
(1,975) (2,561)  
 
 
 
 
Probability 
given
-    Establishing groups of similar ﬁnancial 
assets for the purposes of measuring 
ECL; and
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
Effect of a 1% increase: 
1,552  
 2,054  
(b) Classiﬁcation of ﬁnancial assets
 
 
 
 
 
 
Probability 
given
Arise Integrated Industrial Platforms 
(Arise IIP) 
Effect of a 1% decrease: 
(1,553) (2,054) 
Increase/(decrease) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
of Default  Default 
(c) Consolidation: whether the 
Corporation has control over an 
investee 
 
Djibouti Wind Company Limited ("DWCL") 
is the general partner of the Djibouti Wind 
Limited Partnership ("DWLP"), a special 
purpose vehicle set up by the limited 
partners to hold a 90% interest in Red Sea 
Power Limited SAS. The Corporation has 
56.67% interest in DWCL and DWLP. The 
partners have similar interests in DWCL 
and DWLP. Management has determined 
that the Corporation does not control 
DWCL because under the terms of 
agreements establishing the entity, the 
Corporation has 33.3% of the voting rights 
in the entity. Therefore, the entity has been 
carried at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
(FVTPL) in accordance with the require-
ments of IAS 28.
Djibouti Wind Company Limited
Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A 
During the year, the Corporation divested 
its interest in Terminal à Conteneurs de 
Nouakchott (“TCN”) to 50%, from 10.5%. 
The entity has two (2) shareholders and 
based on the terms of agreements 
under which the entity was established, 
each shareholder has equal voting 
rights. This implies that both shareholders 
have substantive rights in the entity.  
Management has determined that the 
Corporation does not control TCN. 
Therefore, the entity has been carried at 
fair value through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL) in 
accordance with the requirements of IAS 
28.
Although, the Corporation holds a 51% 
interest in the ordinary equity of the Ivoire 
Hydro Energie S.A, management has 
determined that the Corporation does 
not control the entity. The entity has three 
(3) shareholders but based on the terms 
of agreements under which the entity 
was established, the Corporation’s has 
voting rights of 50%. The Corporation is 
represented by three (3) directors on the 
board of the entity while the other 
shareholders are also represented by 
three (3) directors, giving a board with 
six (6) directors. Board decisions are 
based on a majority of votes. Therefore, 
management has concluded that the 
Corporation has signiﬁcant inﬂuence 
over entity. The investment has been 
carried at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
(FVTPL) in accordance with the 
requirements of IAS 28.
Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott 
(“TCN”)
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
211
74
f-74

--- Page 321 ---
2) Financial Services Division
5. Reporting Segments
 
1) Investment Division
The Investment division also works 
closely with Risk Management to 
perform portfolio management functions 
for the Corporation's investment portfolio. 
The Investment division offers a diverse 
range of ﬁnancing products, such as 
loans, quasi-equity ﬁnancing, equity and 
arranging services to infrastructure 
projects in Africa. It also provides 
technical and economic advisory 
services to projects that are in the early 
stage of project development.
The Corporation’s primary objective is to 
ﬁnance infrastructure projects across 
Africa and to provide advisory, project 
development and other services related 
thereto.
The Corporation's Investment division is 
responsible for the end-to-end project 
development, origination, structuring 
and execution of investments. This 
division is further divided into groups 
based on sector classiﬁcations, with 
each group responsible for customer 
relationship management and invest-
ments within its sector.
 
Operating units are reported in a 
manner consistent with the internal 
reporting provided to the Executive 
Management Committee (EXCO) and 
Board of Directors. The EXCO is 
responsible for assessing the ﬁnancial 
performance and position of the 
Corporation and makes strategic 
decisions. The EXCO, which has been 
identiﬁed as being the Chief Operating 
Decision Maker, consists of the  (a) 
President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, (b) 
Executive Director and Chief Investment 
Ofﬁcer, (c) Executive Director, Financial 
Services, (d) Senior Director & Chief 
Financial Ofﬁcer, (e) Director & Chief Risk 
Ofﬁcer, (f) Director & General Counsel,  
(g) Director & Head of Corporate 
Services and  (h) Director & Head, 
Economics, Research and Strategy. The 
information is provided on the basis of 
business units as the Corporation 
manages its affairs and business 
through these areas. The business units 
presented reﬂect the management 
structure of the Corporation and the way 
in which the Corporation’s management 
reviews performance.
The Corporation evaluates the 
performance of its operating units 
primarily based on unit operating proﬁt, 
as deﬁned below.
The treasury and funding group 
interfaces with the Corporation's 
shareholders, bankers, potential lenders, 
rating agencies and other providers of 
capital. It is also responsible for the 
management of the liquidity of the 
Corporation, ensuring that all liquidity risk 
management indices are met and that 
the Corporation is able to meet its 
contractual obligations under normal as 
well as stressed environments. It is also 
responsible for designing and executing 
hedging activities to manage the 
Corporation's exposures to market risk. 
The ﬁnancial institutions and syndication 
team is responsible for leading syndica-
tions of the Corporation's transactions 
and participations in external syndica-
tions, as well as seeking and executing 
asset buy and sell down opportunities. It 
is also responsible for trade ﬁnance 
transactions that do not fall under one 
of the sectors in the Investment division 
and those that involve ﬁnancial 
institutions. The ﬁnancial advisory group 
is responsible for providing advisory 
services to clients and generating fee-
based income for the Corporation.
The Corporation's Financial Services 
division is divided into three groups,
(i) treasury and funding, (ii) ﬁnancial 
institutions and syndication, and (ii) 
ﬁnancial advisory. The treasury and 
funding group is responsible for the 
Corporation's capital raising and covers 
both debt and equity. Its function is to 
seek to ensure that the Corporation has 
adequate capital and the appropriate 
capital structure.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
212
75
f-75

--- Page 322 ---
Operating proﬁt 
 
 
78,675  
 207,244  
 285,919  
Total liabilities 
 
 
140,485  
 7,687,891  
 7,828,376  
 
 
 
 
Financial
 
 
 
Investment 
Services 
Total 
31 December 2022
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Interest income 
 
 
287,218  
 248,071  
 535,289  
The information provided to the Corporation's Board for the reportable units for the year ended 31 December 2022 is as follows:
Dividend income 
 
 
6,622  
 1,770  
 8,392  
Fee commission and other income 
 
 
51,037  
 30,672  
 81,709  
Gain on sale of ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
1,257  
 -    
 1,257  
Net gain/(loss) on ﬁnancial instruments at fair value
through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL) 
 
 
51,881  
 (18,638) 
 33,243  
Net impairment charge on ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
 (47,632) 
 (3,025) 
 (50,657) 
Interest & administrative expenses 
 
 
(271,708) 
 (51,606) 
 (323,314) 
Total assets 
 
 
7,871,594  
 2,656,218  
 10,527,812  
Expenditure on reportable segment: 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
1,480  
 493  
 1,973  
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
 
2,633  
 889  
 3,522  
 
 
 
Investment 
Services 
Total 
Total liabilities 
 
 
 72,595  
 6,253,527  
 6,326,122  
Non-current assets 
 
 
3,691  
 1,987  
5,678  
Fee commission and other income 
 
 
46,395  
 7,942  
 54,337  
Dividend income 
 
 
 3,581  
 -    
 3,581  
Net gain on ﬁnancial instruments at fair value through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL) 
 46,022  
 16,350  
 62,372  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
31 December 2021
Gain on sale of ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
 -    
 1,565  
 1,565  
Total assets 
 
 
4,277,493  
 4,287,392  
 8,564,885  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expenditure on reportable segment: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating proﬁt 
 
 
47,666  
 162,060  
 209,726  
 
 
 
 
Financial
Interest income 
 
 
 212,700  
 171,603  
 384,303  
Impairment charge 
 
 
(31,670) 
 (7,805) 
 (39,475) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
 
 2,334  
 1,257  
 3,590  
Interest & administrative expenses 
 
 
 (229,362) 
 (27,595) 
 (256,957) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
213
76
f-76

--- Page 323 ---
Total assets 
 
5,032,227  
 2,679,619  
 2,815,966  
 10,527,812  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
West  
Rest of
31 December 2022
Dividend income 
 
 3,315  
 5,077  
 -    
 8,392  
Gain or loss on sale of ﬁnancial assets 
 
1,257  
 -    
 -    
 1,257  
Net (loss)/gain on ﬁnancial instruments at fair value
 
 
Africa 
 Africa  
 Others  
 Total  
Fee commission and other income 
 
61,630  
 18,926  
 1,153  
 81,709  
External revenue 
 
455,894  
 200,883  
 3,113  
 659,890  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Geographic information: The geographic information analyses the Corporation’s revenue and non-current assets by the Corporation’s 
country of domicile and other countries. In presenting the geographic information below, segment revenue is based on the geographic 
location of customers and segment assets are based on the geographic location of the assets. 
Interest income 
 
419,365  
 113,964  
 1,960  
 535,289  
 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL) 
 
 (29,673) 
 62,916  
 -    
 33,243  
Credit risk insurance 
 
(6,136) 
 (4,879) 
 (6,565) 
 (17,580) 
Interest expenses 
 
(651) 
 (3,185) 
 (203,565) 
 (207,401) 
Segment net revenues 
 
449,107  
 192,819  
 (207,017) 
 434,909  
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividend income 
 
7  
 3,574  
 -    
 3,581  
Fee commission and other income 
 
 31,383  
 22,727  
 227  
 54,337  
Interest income 
 
264,386  
 87,825  
 32,092  
 384,303  
through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL) 
 
85,372  
 (22,324) 
 (228) 
 62,820  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit risk insurance 
 
(7,481) 
 (4,534) 
 (7,185) 
 (19,200) 
Interest expenses 
 
(1,205) 
 (2,264) 
 (160,092) 
 (163,561) 
External revenue 
 
382,713  
 91,802  
 32,091  
 506,606  
Total assets 
 
4,682,047  
 2,363,822  
 1,519,016  
 8,564,885  
Segment net revenues 
 
374,027  
 85,004  
 (135,186) 
 323,845  
Gain or loss on sale of ﬁnancial assets 
 
1,565  
 -    
 -    
 1,565  
Net gain/(loss) on ﬁnancial instruments at fair value
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
214
77
f-77

--- Page 324 ---
6. Interest income and interest expense
Interest income
Loans and advances to
other customers 
266,127 
200,748  
Loans and advances to banks 
 46,328  
31,206  
Financial assets at FVTPL 
 39,012  
 27,857  
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
Total interest income 
535,289  
384,303  
7. Dividend income
at amortised cost 
207,401  
163,561  
Financial liabilities measured
Lease liability (see note 26 (a)) 
 17  
 -    
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 207,401  
 163,561  
Corporate bonds 
 123,298  
 113,375  
Net interest income 
 327,888  
 220,742  
 
 
 
 
 535,289  
 384,303  
 
 
 
 
 
 
The amounts reported above include interest income and 
expense, calculated using the effective interest method, that 
relate to the following ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Equity securities at;  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Interest expense 
 
 
- 
Amortised cost 
496,277  
356,446  
Interest expense on borrowings 
 207,384  
 163,561  
Financial assets measured at; 
- 
FVTPL  
 39,012  
27,857  
- 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 183,822  
 124,492  
Borrowings from ﬁnancial institutions 
 84,086  
 50,186  
Total interest expense 
207,401  
163,561  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk participation and
-    FVTPL 
 
6,976 
2,078 
commitment fees 
32,004  
9,511  
Facility and other fees  
10,503  
17,345  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
81,709  
54,337  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8,392 
3,581 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
b) The fees and commission presented in this note include 
income of US$38.2 million (2021: US$17.1  million) relating to 
ﬁnancial assets not measured at FVTPL. These ﬁgures exclude 
amounts incorporated in determining the effective interest rate 
on such ﬁnancial assets. 
 
 
Development fees  
5,560  
461  
a) Disaggregation of fees, commission and other income 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Advisory and structuring fees  
33,642  
27,020  
 
 
 
 
 
 
-    FVOCI   
1,416 
1,503 
8. Fees, commissions and other income
In the following table, fees, commissions and other income from 
contracts with customers in the scope of IFRS 15 is disaggre-
gated by major type of services. The table also includes a 
reconciliation of the disaggregated fees, commissions and 
other income with the Corporation’s reporting segments (see 
Note 5).
-    Development fees 
 
5,560  
 461  
 -    
 -    
 5,560  
 461 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2021 
2021
2022 
2022 
2022 
-    Advisory fees 
 
5,388  
 30  
 7,740  
 4,666  
 13,128  
 4,696 
-    Structuring fees 
 
18,525  
 21,641  
 1,989  
 683  
 20,514  
 22,324 
Fees, commission and other income (Note 5) 
51,037  
 46,395  
 30,672  
 7,942  
 81,709  
 54,337 
Major service lines 
 Investment 
 Financial Services 
Total 
 
-    Risk participation and commitment fees 
13,710  
 7,949  
 18,294  
 1,562  
 32,004  
 9,511 
-    Facility and other fees 
 
7,854  
 16,314  
 2,649  
 1,031  
 10,503  
 17,345 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
215
78
f-78

--- Page 325 ---
-    Interest rate 
 (4,945) 
 (94) 
10. Net impairment charge
Investment securities at amortised cost 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
v. 
Development fees: these are fees earned for developing a 
project and it is often a percentage of the amount spent on 
development costs as agreed with project sponsors. The 
fees are recognised when the development phase of the 
project is completed. 
management purposes: 
Asset under management 
 (1,382) 
(258) 
9. Net gain/(loss) on ﬁnancial instruments 
at fair value through proﬁt or loss
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021
ii. 
 Advisory fees: these are fees earned on mandates in which 
the Corporation acts in advisory capacities. Revenue 
related to advisory mandates are recognised on a 
milestone basis, and success fees are recognised once the 
service under a given mandate is rendered.
-    Foreign exchange 
 (92,978) 
 (30,060) 
Derivatives held for risk
Loans and advances to banks
(Note 16(a)) 
 (604) 
 (849)
Off-balance sheet commitments
iii. Structuring fees: these are fees earned on project ﬁnance 
transactions in which the Corporation plays a mandated 
lead arranger role, in a loan syndication ﬁnance arrange-
ment. These fees are recognised at a point in time when the 
loan syndication is ﬁnalised.
iv. Facility and other fees: these are fees earned on agency 
services rendered by the Corporation. Revenue from facility 
and other fees is recognised as the services are provided.
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL: 
US$’000 
US$’000 
-    Cross currency swap 
 68,906  
 44,626  
(Note 18(a)) 
 24,986  
 36,152  
Equity investments  
 118,777  
 41,316  
Hybrid instruments 
 (55,135) 
 7,290  
Designated at FVTPL: 
 
 
 
 
 33,243  
 62,820
on ﬁnancial assets
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
(Note 20(b)) 
 11,893  
 9,411 
Loans and advances to customers
(Note 26(e)) 
 10,009  
 (4,482) 
 
 
 
 
 50,657  
 39,475
Pledged assets at amortised cost 
(Note 21(a)) 
 4,373  
 (757) 
- 
Debt securities 
 -    
 1,565  
Amounts represent income realised from the sale of the 
investments in certain securities during the year, in line with the 
Corporation’s strategy.
12. Operating expenses
 
   
 
 
   
US$’000 
 
US$’000 
(a) Operating expenses
 
 
 
 
 1,257  
 1,565 
 
   
 
2021 
2022 
11. Gain on sale of ﬁnancial assets
- 
Equity securities 
 1,257  
 -    
 
Staff cost: 
 
 
 
Wages and salaries 
 64,564   44,179  
 
- Other expenses 
 1,538  
 3,085  
 
-  Auditor’s remuneration 
 273  
 260  
 
- Training, seminars and conferences 
 1,477  
 683  
 
   
 
 
 
 
- Project and other transaction expenses 
 1,856  
 1,049  
 
- Depreciation and amortisation 
 3,522  
 3,590  
 
- Rent, rates and utilities 
 287  
 180  
 
Other operating expenses: 
 
 
- Advertising and business
 
- Insurance 
 128  
 88  
 
- Board expenses, including Directors’ fees 
 1,988  
 2,176  
 
- Repairs and maintenance 
 118  
 71  
 
   
  
98,333   74,196  
 
Other employee beneﬁts 
 3,166  
 5,022  
 
 
- Consultancy fees 
 2,229  
 1,617  
 
Post-employment beneﬁts  
 7,867  
 8,564  
 
 promotion (note (i) below) 
 6,558  
 1,504  
 
-  Communication 
 1,533  
 1,469  
 
-  Travel  
1,229  
 659  
c) Performance obligations and revenue recognition policies
i. 
Risk participation and commitment fees: risk participation 
fee are earned on various unfunded  risk participation 
programs with ﬁnancial institutions, to facilitate trade 
transactions. Commitment fees are fees earned on 
commitments to provide debt or equity ﬁnancing to 
counterparties and are recognised over the commitment 
period.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
216
79
f-79

--- Page 326 ---
(i) Basic/Diluted
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
the Corporation from continuing
 
 
 
 
 285,919  
 209,726  
Proﬁt attributable to equity holders
of the Corporation
Proﬁt attributable to equity holders of
Basic/diluted earnings per share
the Corporation from discontinued
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ordinary shares in issue  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(expressed in US cents per share) 
 24.37  
18.13  
(expressed in US cents per share) 
 -    
 (0.04)
Balances with banks 
 122,639  
 49,263 
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net 
proﬁt attributable to equity holders of the Corporation by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during 
the year. Basic and diluted earnings per share are the same 
as the Corporation has no potentially dilutive ordinary shares.  
Weighted average number of
 
 
 
 
 
 
13. Taxation 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
Under the Headquarters Agreement between AFC and the 
Government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria signed in May 
2007, AFC is exempt from tax on all its income arising from 
operations in the host country.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Weighted average number of
the year (‘000) 
 13,940  
 7,627  
Weighted-average number of ordinary
Earnings per share 
 
 
from continuing operations
14. Earnings per share
Proﬁt attributable to equity holders of
operations (US$’000) - see note 25(a) 
 -    
 (448)
 
 
 
 
 
 
operations (US$’000) 
 285,919  
 210,174  
ordinary shares at 1 January  (‘000) 
 1,159,405  
 1,151,778  
Effect of shares issued during
shares at 31 December (‘000) 
 1,173,345   1,159,405  
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021
 
 
 
 
 
 
Basic/diluted earnings per share
from discontinued operations
 
Total for the year   
 24.37  
 18.09 
 
   
 
 
15. Cash and balances with banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Cash in hand 
 43  
 33 
 
 
 
 
 122,682  
 49,296 
 
 
 
 
 
 
All cash and balances with commercial banks are current. 
 
16. Loans and advances to banks
 
   
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021
(b) Credit risk insurance 
US$’000
US$’000 
-  
Credit risk insurance premium 
 17,580  
 19,200  
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Corporation uses credit risk insurance as a risk mitigation 
tool for the protection of the Corporation against borrower 
defaults. Insurance cover is provided by investment grade 
insurance companies.
i) 
During the year, the Corporation incurred expenses for the 
launch of its new brand, including branding related events, 
as well as the third AFC Live event, held as part of its 
mandate to bridge Africa’s infrastructure gap.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 1,372,568   1,841,697 
allowance (Note 10) 
 (604) 
 (849)
Placements with banks 
 1,374,933  
 1,844,666 
All loans and advances to banks are current. 
 
 
Less: Allowance for impairment
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opening 
 
 2,969  
 3,818 
Net remeasurement of ECL
(See (a) below) 
 (2,365) 
 (2,969)
a) The movement in impairment allowance is shown below: 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
 
 
 
 2,365  
 2,969 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
217
80
f-80

--- Page 327 ---
Non-current 
1,582,463 
1,413,430
Current 
 
41,491 
75,134
a) The hybrid instruments include a conversion option which 
results in no closely related risks inherent in the host 
contract. The Corporation therefore designated the 
instrument as ﬁnancial asset at fair value through proﬁt or 
loss.
The table below shows the fair values of derivative ﬁnancial 
instruments recorded as assets or liabilities together with their 
notional amounts. The notional amount, recorded gross, is the 
amount of a derivative’s underlying asset, reference rate or 
index and is the basis upon which changes in the value of 
derivatives are measured. The notional amounts indicate the 
volume of transactions outstanding at the year end and are 
indicative of neither the market risk nor the credit risk.
Cross currency swaps 
 112,145 
26,654 
1,790,283 
Cross currency swaps 
 76,775  
720  
 1,417,814 
Current 
 
56,087  
26,245  
Current 
 
25,060  
7,162  
 
Forward contracts 
 40,242  
23,192  
 692,583 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current 
128,283  
46,036  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Notional
Forward contracts 
 18,961  
5,095  
 764,328 
17. Derivative ﬁnancial instruments
 
 
 
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Notional
31 December 2022 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Interest rate options 
 23,192  
12,757  
 544,975 
Interest rate swaps 
 8,791  
9,678  
 162,661 
 
 
 
 
184,370  
72,281   3,190,502 
31 December 2021 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Interest rate options 
 3,338  
3,338  
 546,706 
Interest rate swaps 
 8,024  
4,646  
 127,832 
 
 
 
 
 107,098  
13,799   2,856,680 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current 
82,038  
6,637  
 
The Corporation uses derivatives to manage its exposure to 
market risks.
 
   
 
 
 
 
18. Loans and advances to other 
customers
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Advances under trade ﬁnance 
 568,340 
496,724 
 
 
 
 
 3,805,349  
3,148,955 
Impairment allowance (see note
Project ﬁnance loans 
 3,237,009  
 2,652,231 
(a) below):  
-  
Project ﬁnance  
 (171,684) 
 (152,920)
-  
Trade ﬁnance 
 (21,401) 
 (15,179)
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
 
 
 
 (193,085) 
 (168,099)
 
 
 
 
 3,612,264   2,980,856 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
Closing balance 
 193,085  
 168,099 
19. Financial assets at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss
Non-current 
 3,130,100  
 2,599,534
allowance (note 10) 
 24,986  
 36,152 
Current 
 
 482,164  
 381,322 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
See Note 3.1.6 for a detailed analysis.
Net measurement of impairment
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
a) The movement in impairment allowance is shown below: 
 
Hybrid instruments: convertible debt
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Assets derecognised 
 -    
 (20,143)
(see note (a) below) 
538,070 
542,751
Equity securities (see note (b) below) 
1,066,047 
924,817
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
Assets under management: debt
securities (see note (c) below) 
19,837 
20,996
 
 
 
 
1,623,954 
1,488,564
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance as at 1 January 
 168,099  
 152,090 
 
   
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
218
81
f-81

--- Page 328 ---
During the year, the Corporation increased its interest in TCN 
from 10.5% to 50%. See Note 1 for information on the additional 
investment in TCN and Note 4 for information about judgements 
made in assessing whether the Corporation controls the entity.
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Details of the nature and operations of equity investments and 
the summarised ﬁnancial information for those entities, which, in 
the opinion of the directors, are material to the Corporation are 
shown below:
Non-current liabilities 
 72,160  
 289 
(ii)  Arise Infrastructure Services comprises of the Libreville 
Airport as well as the new airport which is under construction  in 
Gabon. The summarized ﬁnancial information for Arise 
Infrastructure Services is presented below.
(iii) Arise Ports and Logistics Limited is a pan-African operator 
of integrated and multimodal ports & logistics ecosystems and 
infrastructures comprising: Gabon General Cargo Port, Gabon 
Mineral Port, which are both operational, and the San Pedro 
Port, Cote D’Ivoire which is under construction. The summarized 
ﬁnancial information for Arise Ports and Logistics Limited is 
presented below:
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
Current liabilities 
 170,137  
 182,083 
Proﬁt after tax 
 34,047  
 15,956
Revenue 
 
 17,390  
 10,992 
Current liabilities 
 11,608  
 6,771 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
(i) Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott (“TCN”), formerly 
Arise Mauritania S.A, is a 30-year concession by the Government 
of Mauritania to design, build, ﬁnance and operate a new 
container terminal with an initial capacity of 250,000 Twenty-foot 
Equivalent Units (TEUs) and has the ﬂexibility to expand capacity 
to 600,000 TEUs; and develop an oil jetty able to accommodate 
oil & gas vessels with capacity of 50,000 DWT. The scope of the 
project comprises the construction of a new wharf with 
capacity for two 4,200 TEU vessels at the same time, a storage 
area for exports & imports, a container freight station, and an 
administrative area including a one-stop shop of 1,000m for port 
authority and government entities. 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
Current assets 
 27,219  
 8,154 
Non-current assets 
 130,826  
 85,318 
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
 6  
 1,100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 130,927  
 113,987 
Non-current assets 
 1,057,064  
 1,053,774 
Non-current liabilities 
 313,160  
 264,976 
Revenue 
 
 239,718  
 190,720 
b)   Equity securities at fair value through proﬁt or loss include:
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2021 
2022
2022
South African Toll Road Company (Proprietary) Ltd (v) 
 
17,807  
 23,610  
29% 
29% 
Danakali Limited (viii) 
 
14,059  
 16,362  
14% 
17% 
Arise Ports and Logistics Limited  (iii) 
 
207,751  
 144,149  
25% 
25% 
Djibouti Wind Limited Partnership (ix) 
 
6,237  
 6,237  
57% 
57% 
Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company Limited (xi) 
  
43,102  
 29,572  
31% 
32% 
Cenpower Operations Company (vii) 
 
74  
 74  
25% 
25% 
MainOne Cable Company (xiii) 
 
 -    
 24,048  
0% 
23% 
Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A (xvi) 
 
24,390  
 17,583  
51% 
51% 
Cenpower Generation Company (vii) 
 
 22,832  
 67,109  
32% 
32%  
Société Concessionaire du Pont Riviera-Marcory (xvii) 
 
67,059  
 69,731  
26% 
26% 
Inﬁnity Energy Africa Investments Limited (x) 
 
35,295  
 -    
49% 
 -    
Vigeo Power Limited (xviii) 
 
1,010  
 1,010  
20% 
20% 
 
 
 
 
 
1,066,047  
924,817  
 
Arise Infrastructure Services (ii) 
 
46,483  
 16,628  
34% 
34% 
Nouvelle Gabon  Mining SA (xv) 
 
312,342  
 259,969  
43% 
43% 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
 
 
 
US$’000
% 
Shareholding
Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott (i) 
 
7,870  
 1,549  
50% 
11% 
International Gulf Mining Limited   (xii) 
 
223  
 223  
43% 
43% 
Arise Integrated Industrial Platforms  (iv) 
 
247,908  
 230,719  
51% 
51% 
Djibouti Wind Company Limited (ix) 
 
63  
 63  
57% 
57% 
Ncondezi (xiv) 
 
10  
 10  
23% 
23% 
Cabeolica S.A. (vi) 
 
11,532  
 16,171  
50% 
50% 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
219
82
f-82

--- Page 329 ---
Non-current assets 
 89,166  
 109,847 
Current assets 
 11,876  
 10,607 
Revenue 
  
11,747  
 11,313 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Non-current liabilities 
 703,038  
 790,034 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
(vii) Cenpower Generation Company Limited (Cenpower or 
CGC) is a special purpose vehicle created to develop the 
Cenpower Kpone Independent Power Plant (KIPP) in the Tema 
industrial zone, close to Accra, Ghana’s capital. The Kpone 
Independent Power Plant, which achieved commercial 
operations in June 2019, is amongst the largest IPPs in the 
country accounting for approximately 10% of Ghana’s total 
installed capacity and approximately 15% of its available 
thermal generation capacity. The summarized ﬁnancial 
information for Cenpower Generation Company Limited is 
presented below: 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 134,450  
 36,140 
Current assets 
 28  
 172 
(vi) Cabeolica S.A.: This is a power company domiciled in 
Cape Verde which was acquired as part of the Corporation's 
exit from the investment in Anergi Holdings Limited. The project 
entails the construction of 30 wind turbines on four of the nine 
inhabited islands of the mid-Atlantic Archipelago.
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
 13,391  
 (4,487)
Non-current assets 
 659,873  
 685,344 
Non-current assets 
 30,575  
 36,038 
Current liabilities 
 1  
 2,239 
Revenue 
 
 252,811  
 235,322 
(ix) Djibouti Wind Limited Partnership (DWLP) is a special 
purpose vehicle, which was set up by the limited partners, to 
construct and operate a 60 megawatts windfarm in the 
Ghoubet area, near Lake Assal, Djibouti (the Project). Djibouti 
Wind Company Limited (DWCL) is the general partner of DWLP. 
DWLP and DWCL have the  same partners and shareholding 
structure. The Corporation holds 56.67% interest in DWCL and 
Revenue 
 
 13,454  
 16,054 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Non-current liabilities 
 -    
 -   
The summarized ﬁnancial information for Cabeolica SA is 
presented below:
Non-current liabilities 
 14,169  
 19,378 
Current liabilities 
 13,586  
 13,480 
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
 2,279  
 2,718
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
Current assets 
 349,174  
 285,938 
Proﬁt after tax 
 33,631  
 49,186 
(viii) Danakali Limited is a potash company focused on the 
development of the Colluli Sulphate of Potash Project (the 
Project). The Project is 100% owned by the Colluli Mining Share 
Company (CMSC), a 50:50 joint venture between Danakali and 
the Eritrean National Mining Corporation (ENAMCO). The 
project is located in the Danakil Depression region of Eritrea, 
East Africa, and is approximately 75km from the Red Sea coast, 
making it one of the most accessible potash deposits globally. 
Danakali Limited is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange 
and the London Stock Exchange.
Current assets 
 397,312  
 201,712 
Non-current assets 
 215,032  
 360,729 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 88,942  
 30,878 
Non-current liabilities 
 442,048  
 89,517 
(iv) Arise Integrated Industrial Platforms (Arise IIP): Arise IIP is 
an integrated operator of world-class economic zones across 
Africa comprising of the Nkok Special Economic Zone in 
Gabon, the Port Gentil Special Economic Zone, Benin Special 
Economic Zone and Togo Special Economic Zone (collectively, 
the “SEZ Assets”) amongst others. The summarized ﬁnancial 
information for Arise IIP is presented below:
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Revenue 
  
144,163  
 142,617 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
(v) South African Toll Road Company (Proprietary) Limited 
(SATRC) is an investment company that holds investment in 
infrastructure and infrastructure related assets. It was set up as a 
special purpose vehicle to hold a stake in the  Bakwena 
Platinum Corridor Concessionaire Proprietary Limited (BPCC). 
BPCC consists of a 95 km section of the N1 highway running 
from Pretoria northwards, and a 290 km section for the N4 
highway running from Pretoria westwards to the Botswana 
border. Route designed as part of intercontinental axis to 
stimulate agriculture, manufacturing, mining and tourism trafﬁc, 
with combined urban and intercity tolling. The project led to 
signiﬁcant reductions in travel times and vehicle operating costs 
through improved road surfaces. The summarized ﬁnancial 
information for SATRC is presented below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
Proﬁt after tax 
 17,828  
 35,359 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
220
83
f-83

--- Page 330 ---
(x) Inﬁnity Energy Africa is the lead investor in Inﬁnity Power 
Holding, an energy company which owns  235MW solar assets 
in Egypt and has signed a sales and purchase agreement for 
acquiring  the majority stake in 1022 MW of operating wind 
assets located in Egypt, South Africa and Senegal.
DWLP. DWLP owns 90% of the project company which gives the 
Corporation an effective stake of about 51% in Red Sea Power 
Limited SAS (the project company). The project consists of a 60-
megawatt (MW) wind farm in Ghoubet, along with interconnec-
tion facilities located in the Arta Region (between Lake Assal 
and Djibouti City). See Note 4 for information about judgements 
made in assessing whether the Corporation controls the 
entities.
Non-current assets 
 350,011  
 344,188 
(xi) Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company Limited: This is a 
company established as a commercial institution with the 
speciﬁc objective of providing guarantees to enhance the 
credit quality of local currency debt instruments issued by 
creditworthy entities to ﬁnance eligible infrastructure projects in 
Nigeria, in order to attract a pool of long-term capital such as 
the pension funds and insurance companies. The summarized 
ﬁnancial information for Infrastructure Credit Guarantee 
Company Limited is presented below:
Non-current liabilities 
 87,501  
 88,090 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
(xii) International Gulf Mining Limited is a mining and 
exploration company established in in Boke district of north-
western Guinea, approximately 150 km north-northwest of 
Conakry and 20 km south of the provincial town of Boke. The 
project has been designed for rapid construction; bringing the 
mine into production in less than 13 months.
Current liabilities 
 3,339  
 -   
(xiii) MainOne Cable Company is a telecommunications 
company incorporated in Nigeria and a leading provider of 
innovative telecom services and network solutions for busi-
nesses in West Africa. During the year, the Corporation divested 
from MainOne in line with it's exit strategy.
(xiv)  Ncondezi  a power development company with an 
integrated thermal coal mine and power plant  project located  
near Tete Province, Northern Mozambique.
Revenue 
 
 18,331  
 12,338 
(xv) Nouvelle Gabon Mining SA holds the rights to two 
producing manganese mine assets in Gabon (“Franceville” 
and “Okondja”). The two mines are expected to have a 
combined nameplate production capacity of 2.4 million tons 
per annum when fully implemented. The summarized ﬁnancial 
information for Nouvelle Gabon Mining SA is presented below.
Current assets 
 15,564  
 161,896 
Proﬁt after tax 
 9,063  
 6,240 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Current assets 
 50,527  
 66,159 
Non-current assets 
 165,667  
 12,745 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
The Corporation acquired stakes in these companies with the 
intention to exit at a future date. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Corporation had no commitments to these entities except as 
disclosed in Note 28. There are no restrictions on the ability of 
these entities to pay cash dividends and repay outstanding 
obligations to the Corporation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(xvii) Société Concessionaire du Pont Riviera-Marcory 
(Socoprim) is a concessionaire company is responsible for the 
operation and management of the Henri Konan Bedie Bridge in 
Cote d’Ivoire. The Henri Konan Bedie Bridge consists of a 6.4km 
highway and 1.9km bridge with three lanes in each direction. 
The summarized ﬁnancial information for Socoprim is presented 
below:
Revenue 
  
50,659  
 31,741 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Revenue 
 
 222,052  
 123,346 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 133,356  
 156,159 
Current assets 
 8,850  
 38,040 
Non-current assets 
 230,578  
 258,175 
Proﬁt after tax 
 33,886  
 2,382 
Non-current liabilities 
 352,514  
 75,591 
(xviii)  Vigeo Power Limited is incorporated in Nigeria and is a 
power distribution company in the south-west part of the host 
country Nigeria.
Current liabilities 
 14,732  
 895 
Current liabilities 
 48,128  
 66,908 
Proﬁt after tax 
 17,103  
 3,730 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(xvi) Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A: This is a 44MW hydro electric 
generating facility which is under construction in Ivory Coast.  
Currently, construction work on the project is  75% complete 
and the project will achieve commercial operations in twelve to 
eighteen months. When completed, the project will help 
diversify the energy mix in Cote Ivorie and assist the country 
towards achieving its renewable energy objectives. 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
221
84
f-84

--- Page 331 ---
Net remeasurement of ECL
 
Closing 
 8,447  
 4,074 
 
 
allowance (Note 10) 
 4,373  
 (757)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opening 
 4,074  
 4,831 
 
These transactions were conducted under terms that are 
usual and customary to standard lending and repurchase 
activities. Details are as below.
(b) Pledged assets comprise debt securities used to secure the 
Corporation’s borrowings but were not derecognised in the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements. These are transactions in 
which the Corporation uses its investment securities to 
collaterise some of its bilateral borrowings. The Corporation 
continues to recognise the securities in their entirety in the 
consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position because it 
retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership. 
The Corporation does not have the ability to use the 
transferred assets during the term of the arrangement.
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At FVOCI:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
 US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
(see note (i) below) 
 52,920  
 53,576 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) As at 31 December 2022, the Corporation held no collateral, 
which it was permitted to sell or repledge in the event of 
default by the owner of the collateral (31 December 2021: 
Nil).
-  
Equity securities – (see note
Opening 
  
27,817  
 18,406
ii) The movement in equity securities from the preceding 
ﬁnancial year is as follows: 
 
(c) below) 
 52,920  
 53,576 
 
Written off  
 (10) 
 -   
Current 
 
 2,585,014  
 1,281,564 
Non-current 
 335,546  
 326,359 
b) The movement in impairment allowance is shown below: 
 
Less: Allowance for impairment
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net remeasurement of ECL
- 
Sovereign debt securities (note i) 
 2,558,425  
 1,148,839 
allowance (Note 10) 
11,893  
 9,411 
 
 
 
 
 2,907,350   1,582,164 
 
 
 
 
 2,920,560   1,607,923 
 
 
(see note (b) below) 
 (39,710) 
 (27,817)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021
 
 
 
 
 2,867,640   1,554,347 
i) 
Included in sovereign debt securities are treasury bills issued 
by the government of United states of America which are 
highly liquid ﬁnancial instruments.
Closing 
 
 39,710  
 27,817 
- 
Corporate debt securities   
 -    
 -   
c)  Equity securities at FVOCI
 
Equity securities –
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
At beginning of the year 
 53,576  
 75,126 
 
Net loss on fair valuation through
 
(Disposals)/additions 
 -    
 (27)
 
other comprehensive income 
 (646) 
 (21,523)
 
At end of the year      
 52,920  
 53,576 
21. Pledged assets 
 
 
 
Sovereign debt securities 
 282,650  
 283,450 
 
 
 
 
 619,656  
 413,559 
Less: Allowance for impairment
 
 
 
 
 611,209  
 409,485 
 
 
 
 
Non-current 
 467,223  
 346,660 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(see note (a) below) 
 (8,447) 
 (4,074)
Current 
 
 143,986  
 62,825 
a) The movement in ECL allowance is shown below: 
 
Corporate debt securities 
 337,006  
 130,109 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
c) Assets under management represent funds managed by a 
third-party investment company on a discretionary basis. 
The portfolio comprises of marketable debt securities with 
observable prices and is managed on a fair value basis.
At amortised cost:  
 US$’000 
 US$’000
- 
Corporate debt securities 
 348,925  
 433,325 
20. Investment securities
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
222
85
f-85

--- Page 332 ---
US$’000
US$’000 
( see note (i) below) 
 14,700  
 51,179 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
Account receivable 
 39,854  
 6,159 
liabilities (see note 27(iii)) 
 504,571  
 306,681 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021
Carrying amount of the associated
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets 
 
 
Fee receivable 
 12,325  
 8,680 
 
 
 
 
 72,593  
 70,761 
Current 
 
 72,593  
 70,761 
Fair value of the assets 
 531,847  
 432,776 
Non-ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
Prepayments 
 5,714  
 4,743 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amount of the assets 
 611,209  
 409,485 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Fair value of the liabilities 
 (504,571) 
 (306,681)
Net fair value 
 27,276  
 126,095 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22. Other assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Advance for investment
 
 
 
 
 66,879  
 66,018 
Non-current 
 -    
 -   
i) 
Advance for investment represents a payment held in 
escrow by the Corporation as part of an asset acquisition 
transaction. The transaction for which the deposit of US$51.2 
million was advanced in 2021 was successfully closed 
during the year, while the related transaction for the 
outstanding advance is expected to close during the next 
ﬁnancial year.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
223
86
f-86

--- Page 333 ---
23. Property and equipment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ended  31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing net book amount 
3,631  
 2,079  
 384  
 952  
 7,046 
Accumulated depreciation 
(2,918) 
 (2,015) 
 (1,735) 
 (4,212) 
 (10,880)
Net book amount 
 2,111  
 1,862  
 469  
 1,170  
 5,612 
Depreciation charge 
(1,615) 
 (823) 
 (121) 
 (407) 
 (2,966)
Closing net book amount 
5,231  
 1,546  
 364  
 929  
 8,070 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Cost  
 
 
 9,764  
 3,359  
 2,220  
 5,462  
 20,805 
Opening net book value 
5,231  
 1,546  
 364  
 929  
 8,070 
Disposals – cost 
 -    
 (538) 
 -  
 (63) 
 (601)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cost  
 
 
5,029  
 3,877  
 2,204  
 5,382  
 16,492 
As at 1 January 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ended  31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Disposals – accumulated depreciation 
-    
 496  
 -  
 61  
 557 
Depreciation charge 
(1,600) 
 (796) 
 (136) 
 (367) 
 (2,899)
Accumulated depreciation 
(6,133) 
 (2,113) 
 (1,992) 
 (4,839) 
 (15,077)
Additions  
4,735  
 578  
 16  
 172  
 5,501 
Accumulated depreciation 
(4,533) 
 (1,813) 
 (1,856) 
 (4,533) 
 (12,735)
Disposals – cost 
 -    
 (1,096) 
 -  
 (92) 
 (1,188)
 
 
 
 
Right-  
Motor 
Leasehold 
Furniture & 
 
 
 
 
of-Use Asset 
 Vehicles  improvement 
Equipment 
Total
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cost  
 
 
9,764  
 4,192  
 2,376  
 5,791  
 22,123 
Net book amount 
5,231  
 1,546  
 364  
 929  
 8,070 
Opening net book value 
2,111  
 1,862  
 469  
 1,170  
 5,612 
Disposals – accumulated depreciation 
 -    
 1,025  
 -  
 86  
 1,111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at  31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Additions  
-    
 1,371  
 156  
 392  
 1,919 
Net book amount 
3,631  
 2,079  
 384  
 952  
 7,046 
i. 
There were no impairment losses on any class of property 
and equipment during the year (2021: Nil). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
iii. There were no restrictions to the title held by the 
Corporation, in respect of its property and equipment 
during the year (2021: Nil).
 
 
 
 
 
 
ii. 
There were no capitalised borrowing costs related to the 
acquisition of property and equipment during the year 
(2021: Nil). 
 
 
 
 
 
iv The depreciation charge and interest on lease liabilities 
(included in interest expense) on right-of-use assets for the 
year was US$1.6 million (2021: US$1.6 million) and US$17 
thousand in 2022 (2021: nil), respectively.
 
 
 
 
 
v 
All items of property and equipment are non-current.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
224
87
f-87

--- Page 334 ---
Software costs are expenses incurred in the purchase and 
implementation of the Corporation’s software. The movement in 
intangible assets from the preceding ﬁnancial year is as follows:
24. Intangible assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Software costs 
 566  
 1,135  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Additions  
 54  
 177  
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
 566  
 1,135  
i. 
There were no impairment losses on any class of intangible 
assets during the year (2021: Nil).
At 1 January 
 1,135  
 1,582  
Amortisation 
 (623) 
 (624) 
iv All items of intangible assets are non-current.
ii. 
There were no capitalised borrowing costs related to the 
acquisition of intangible assets during the year (2021: Nil).
iii. There were no restrictions to the title held by the 
Corporation, in respect of its intangible assets during the 
year (2021: Nil).
25. Non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operation 
In 2020, the Corporation acquired controlling interests in 
Cabeolica S. A., a wind power company based in Cape Verde 
supplying about 20% of installed electricity capacity of the 
country, as part of the exit from Anergi Holdings Limited with the 
intention to resell the investment. As of 31 December 2020, the 
Corporation held 94% of the entity’s issued ordinary equity and 
the investment was classiﬁed as held-for-sale following the 
commitment of the Corporation to its sale, as part of an 
agreement with a strategic partner.
In 2021, the Corporation partially disposed its interests in 
Cabeolica S. A. reducing the Corporation’s interest to 50%. The 
ﬁnancial result of the entity is reported in the current period as 
FVTPL in acc ordance with the Corporation's accounting 
policies (see note 19b). Financial information relating to the 
discontinued operation is set out below:
(a) Financial information of discontinued operation
Consideration received 
 -    
 10,960  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
transferred  
 -    
 (11,857) 
Deposit for shares (see note
Accounts payable  
 80,534  
 55,347  
(See note (e) below) 
 12,486  
 2,477  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accrued expenses 
 57,492  
 43,133  
Parent  
 
 -    
 (448) 
discontinued operations 
 -    
 (448) 
Deﬁned beneﬁt plan
attributable to: 
 
 
Lease liability (see note (a) below) 
 986  
 4,735  
(d) below)   
2,276  
 250  
Unearned fees 
 11,300  
 880  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Less dividend earned 
 -    
 449  
 
 
 
 
 -    
 (448) 
Proﬁt/(loss) for the year is
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current 
 
 163,665  
 113,993  
Proﬁt/(loss) for the year from
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
(b) Details of disposal 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Non-controlling interests  
 -    
 -    
Loss on disposal 
 -    
 (897) 
 
26. Accrued expenses and other liabilities  
Less: Carrying value of net assets
(see note (b) below) 
 12,516  
 6,731  
Margin deposit (see note (c) below) 
 10,300  
 12,750  
 
 
 
 
 164,104  
 122,946  
Allowance for debt commitments
 
 
 
 
 187,890  
 126,303  
Non-current 
 24,225  
 12,310  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
225
88
f-88

--- Page 335 ---
of age out of 10,000 lives 
 
Included in OCI 
 
 
Discount rate movement
Future salary growth rate
 
The following were the principal actuarial assumptions 
used:
Remeasurement loss/(gain) 
 
 
 
Reasonably possible changes at the reporting dates to one 
of the relevant assumptions, holding other assumptions 
constant, would have affected the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation by the amounts shown below:
 
 
30  
7 
 
- 
Experience adjustments 
 3,216  
 -    
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2022 
- 
Beneﬁts paid 
 (479) 
 -    
  
 
Assumptions 
Rates 
Rates 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
40  
14 
 
 
 
45  
26 
 
 
Sample Age 
Number of deaths in year
 
iii) Sensitivity analysis 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
Inﬂation rate 
1% 
1% 
 
 
 
 
 
Assumptions regarding the future longevity have been 
based on published statistics and mortality rates published 
in the A67/70 Ultimate tables, published jointly by the 
Institute and the Faculty of Actuaries in the UK.
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
- 
Financial assumptions 
 (3,216) 
 -    
 
 
25  
7 
 
 
 
 
 
Increase Decrease 
Increase Decrease 
Balance as at 31 December 
 12,516  
 6,731 
 
Future salary growth rate 
1% 
1% 
ii) Actuarial Assumptions 
 
 
 
Discount rate 
3.85% 
2% 
 
 
 
 
 12,516  
 6,731
Actuarial gain arising from: 
 
 
 
 
35  
9 
 
(1% movement)  
(1,310) 
 1,558  
 (766) 
925  
(1% movement) 
 1,659  
 (1,412) 
 961  
 (808) 
Mortality experience
Although this analysis does not take into account the full 
distribution of cashﬂows expected under the plan, it does 
provide an approximation of the sensitivity of the assumptions 
shown.
(age rated movement
by 1 year)  
9  
 (11) 
 (1) 
1  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Balance as at 1 January 
 4,735  
 -    
Payments   
(4,752) 
 -    
Interest on lease liabilities (see note 6) 
 17  
 -    
Additions to lease liabilities 
 986  
 4,735  
Closing balance 
 986  
 4,735  
b)  Deﬁned beneﬁt plan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) The movement in lease liability during the year is as follows:  
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
amendment 
 5,073  
 -    
- 
Interest income 
 134  
 -    
Fair value of plan assets 
 -    
 -    
Included in proﬁt or loss 
 -    
 6,731  
- 
Past service cost due to plan 
Employees are admitted into the scheme on respective dates of 
employment and beneﬁts are determined based on number of 
meritorious years of service to the Corporation. The valuation of 
the deﬁned beneﬁt obligation was determined by Ernst & Young 
Actuaries.
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
i) Movement in net deﬁned beneﬁt (asset) liability 
The Corporation commenced an unfunded end of service 
deﬁned beneﬁt plan in 2021 where qualiﬁed employees receive 
a lump sum payment at completion of contract, attainment of 
retirement and or achievement of minimum service period of 
ten (10) years.
Balance as at 1 January 
 6,731  
 -    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
Net deﬁned beneﬁt liability 
 12,516  
 6,731  
Current 
 
 1,434  
 55  
 
 
 
 
 
 
The deﬁned beneﬁt plan exposes the Corporation to actuarial 
risks such as longevity risk, interest rate risk and market risks. 
Employees are not required to contribute to the plan.
- 
Current service cost 
 1,057  
 -    
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation 
 12,516  
 6,731  
 
 
 
 
 -    
 -    
Total employee beneﬁt liability 
 12,516  
 6,731  
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Non-current 
 11,082  
 6,676 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
226
89
f-89

--- Page 336 ---
c) As part of the Corporation's credit support arrangement 
with various counterparties on its derivative transactions, 
margin deposits are received from such counterparties in 
instances where the mark-to-market valuation of the derivative 
transactions is favourable to the Corporation. 
 
These cash deposits are therefore recognised as margin 
deposits.
d) During the year, the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire made a 
deposit towards the Country's investment in the equity 
capital of AFC.
e) This is the amount set aside for credit losses on the 
Corporation's commitments which are exposed to credit 
risk. These commitments includes debt commitments, 
unfunded risk participation arrangements and guarantees 
(see note 28 (c)). 
 
 
The movement in allowance for debt commitments during the 
year is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Balance as at 1 January 
 2,477  
 6,959  
allowance (See note 10) 
 10,009  
 (4,482) 
Closing balance 
 12,486  
 2,477  
27. Borrowings 
 
 
Net measurement of impairment
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
At amortised cost: 
 
(i) Amount represents outstanding balance on issuances 
made under the Corporation’s Eurobond program. The 
Corporation’s US$5 billion Global Medium-Term Note 
(“GMTN”) programme. The terms and conditions of the 
notes issued under the Corporation’s GMTN program are as 
follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current 
 6,681,575  
 5,540,703  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate bonds issued (note (i)) 
 3,736,313  
 3,768,650  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
Borrowings from other ﬁnancial
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current 
 
 886,630  
 645,317  
 
 
 
 
 7,568,205   6,186,020  
institutions (note (ii)) 
 3,831,892  
 2,417,370  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
US$ 700 Million 
2020 
2025 
3.1250 
Fixed 
 698,070  
 696,908  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3,736,313  
 3,768,650 
 
US$ 25 million 
2020 
2022 
1.1995 
Floating 
 -    
 25,014  
 
US$ 750 Million 
2021 
2028 
2.9900 
Fixed 
 749,622  
 748,843  
 
US$ 500 million 
2019 
2029 
3.7500 
Fixed 
 498,232  
 496,803  
 
EUR 15 million 
2020 
2047 
1.6250 
Fixed 
 15,440  
 16,389  
 
CHF 200 million  
2019 
2023 
0.5225 
Fixed 
 216,497  
 219,164  
 
CHF150 Million  
2020 
2025 
1.2050 
Fixed 
 162,665  
 164,649  
 
 
 
 
Issued 
 Maturity 
(%) 
Type 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
US$ 30 Million 
2021 
2023 
0.8200 
Fixed 
 30,067  
 30,052  
 
EUR 35 million 
2020 
2041 
1.7500 
Fixed 
 37,039  
 39,334  
 
US$ 50 Million 
2021 
2031 
2.8700 
Fixed 
 50,063  
 50,006  
 
US$ 650 million 
2019 
2026 
4.3750 
Fixed 
 652,508  
 651,500  
 
EUR 40 Million 
2021 
2031 
1.3500 
Fixed 
 42,659  
 45,619  
 
Bond issued 
Year  
Year of 
Coupon 
Coupon 
Amount 
Amount
 
US$ 500 million 
2017 
2024 
3.8750 
Fixed 
 503,220  
 502,454  
 
EUR 15 million 
2020 
2038 
1.6250 
Fixed 
 15,595  
 16,548  
 
US$ 50 Million  
2021 
2031 
2.9000 
Fixed 
 50,269  
 50,224  
 
EUR 15 Million 
2021 
2034 
1.3000 
Fixed 
 14,367  
 15,143  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
227
90
f-90

--- Page 337 ---
Proceeds from corporate
 
Effects of changes in foreign
 
Currency exposures arising from borrowing transactions are 
hedged in line with the Corporation’s policy (see Note 3.2.1 
Foreign exchange risk).
(vi) Reconciliation of movement in borrowings to cashﬂows from 
ﬁnancing activities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense (see note 6) 
 207,384  
 163,561  
 
 
 
Proceeds from other borrowings 
 1,991,820  
 872,287  
 
borrowings 
 (8,743) 
 (11,016) 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
Over 3 years 
3,179,025  
3,705,363  
 
 
 
 
7,568,205  
6,186,020  
 
1 – 3 years 
3,502,550  
1,835,340  
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
At beginning of the year 
 6,186,020  
 5,091,854  
 
Interest paid 
 (183,126) 
 (145,903) 
 
As at 31 December 2022, there were two legal proceedings 
against the Corporation.  The Directors believe that, based 
on currently available information and advice of the 
Corporation’s legal counsel, the outcome from these 
proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the 
ﬁnancial position of the Corporation. No provision has been 
made in respect of these legal proceedings, for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).
b) Equity commitments 
 
 
c) Debt commitments 
 
 
 
These commitments relate to unfunded risk participation 
arrangements under Trade Finance transactions and loan 
commitments on transactions which are yet to be dis-
bursed.
a) Legal proceedings 
 
 
 
bonds (issued) 
 -    
 936,617  
 
At end of the year 
 7,568,205   6,186,020  
 
Transaction costs related to 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
These are contracts that require the issuer to make speciﬁed 
payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs 
because a speciﬁed debtor fails to make payments when 
due, in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
 
Less than 1 year 
886,630  
645,317  
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
Repayment of borrowings 
 (607,015) 
 (696,549) 
 
exchange rates 
 (18,135) 
 (24,831) 
28. Contingent liabilities and 
commitments
 
These commitments relate to equity ﬁnancing commitments 
to third parties.
d)  Guarantees 
 
 
 
Equity commitments 
 33,027  
 57,616  
 
 
 
 
 1,717,435  
 338,968  
 
and guarantees 
 1,147,271  
 51,179  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
Unfunded risk participation
In line with the provisions of International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS 9), the Corporation has set aside an amount for 
expected credit losses on its debt commitments and guaran-
tees (see note 26(e)). 
 
Debt commitments  
 537,137  
 230,173  
(iv) The Corporation has not defaulted on principal, interest or 
other covenant breaches with respect to its borrowings.
(v) The maturity proﬁle of borrowings are as follows: 
 
(iii) Included in borrowings from other ﬁnancial institutions is an 
amount of US$504.6 million (2021: US$306.7 million) which 
has been secured using corporate and sovereign securities 
with a carrying value of US$611.2 million (2021: US$409.5 
million). See note 21(b).
(ii) Borrowings from other ﬁnancial institutions comprise loans 
from commercial banks and development ﬁnancial 
institutions within Africa, Europe, Asia  and the United States. 
These are ﬂoating rate liabilities and repricing of these 
borrowings are between 3 and 6 months.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
228
91
f-91

--- Page 338 ---
29. Share capital
The total authorised number of ordinary shares is 2 billion units 
with a par value of US$1.00 per share. 
Issued and fully paid capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No. of shares
No. of shares 
At 1 January  
 66,432  
 53,722  
 
 
 
 
No. of warrants
No. of warrants 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 
1,290,527  
1,171,176  
At 31 December 
 200,000  
 200,000  
(i) The Corporation issued 105,263,158 warrants in 2020,  for an 
aggregate amount of US$200 million and credited the 
proceeds to the share warrant account. Share warrants are 
convertible into ordinary shares of the Corporation, if the 
warrants are not redeemed before maturity at the option of 
the Corporation. Payment of returns on warrants are at the 
sole discretion of the Corporation.
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
At 31 December 
 184,018  
 66,432 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Also, the African Reinsurance Corporation (AfricaRE) 
increased its investment in the Corporation by US$3 million 
during the year.
 
 
 
 
In thousands  
In thousands 
 
   
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
   
 
 
(note (i) below) 
119,351  
13,790  
Addition during the year
(note(i) below) 
119,351  
13,790  
30. Share premium
At 31 December 
1,290,527  
1,171,176  
Addition during the year
(note 29 (i) above) 
 117,586  
 12,710  
(i) During the year, the following entities invested in the 
Corporation’s equity share capital: the Public Investment 
Corporation  (PIC) of South Africa- US$100 million, the Arab 
Republic of Egypt- US$95 million, the National Pensions 
Fund of Mauritius- US$20 million, the National Savings Fund 
of Mauritius- US$5 million, the Democratic Republic of 
Congo-US$5 million, and the Bank of Sierra Leone- US$10 
million (US$2 million paid-in and US$8 million callable).
31. Share warrants 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In thousands 
 In thousands 
Addition during the year
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January  
1,171,176  
1,157,386  
At 1 January  
1,171,176  
1,157,386  
 
In addition, the Board approved a rights issue program for 
existing shareholders on the basis of 1 new share for every 
4 shares held. The Corporation received US$10 million from 
the United Bank for Africa (UBA) under the rights issue 
program, which is expected to close in the next ﬁnancial 
year. Amounts are reﬂected in share capital and Share 
premium in note 30 below.
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
At 31 December 
 105,263  
 105,263  
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
32. Retained earnings
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Dividends paid to ordinary
Dividends paid to warrant holders 
 (5,075) 
 (4,271) 
Proﬁt for the year 
 285,919  
 209,726  
Transferred from OCI reserve 
 -    
 (17) 
33. Fair value reserves 
 
 
At beginning of the year 
 824,808  
 666,345  
At 1 January 
 (23,653) 
 (2,147) 
-    Fair value loss on equity securities 
 (646) 
 (21,523) 
 
 
 
 
 (646) 
 (21,523) 
-    Fair value loss - debt securities 
 -    
 -    
At end of the year 
 1,049,190  
 824,808  
Net loss on FVOCI ﬁnancial assets: 
 
shareholders  
 (56,462) 
 (46,975) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The fair value reserves comprise the cumulative net change in 
the fair value of equity securities measured at FVOCI.
At end of the year 
 (24,299) 
 (23,653)
 
 
 
 
 (646) 
 (21,523) 
Transferred to retained earnings 
 -    
 17  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
229
92
f-92

--- Page 339 ---
debt securities: 
 
 
ii. 
Placements/investments in
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
Shareholders 
 81,429  
 92,632  
See Note 4 for information about judgements made in 
applying accounting policies that have the most signiﬁcant 
effects on the amounts recognised in the ﬁnancial statements 
in relation to group entities.
a) Balances with related parties: 
 
 
Associates and joint venture operations
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders 
 51,781  
 285,209  
 
Subsidiaries
Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability 
to control the other party or exercise inﬂuence over the other 
party in making ﬁnancial and operational decisions, or one 
other party controls both. The deﬁnition includes subsidiaries, 
associates, joint venture entities, signiﬁcant shareholders and 
their companies as well as key management personnel.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating account balances 
 10,195  
 1,709  
 
Shareholders 
 34,075  
 30,247  
 
Associated companies 
 25,540  
 18,099  
 
Associate companies and subsidiary  321,375  
 194,791  
Associated entities comprise of equity investments that result in 
the Corporation having signiﬁcant inﬂuence by being able to 
participate in the ﬁnancial and operating policy decisions of 
the investee companies. These investments are carried in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position at fair value through proﬁt or 
loss rather than accounted for using the equity method. See 
Note 19 for details of these investments.
AFC Equity Investments Limited: a wholly owned entity 
incorporated in Mauritius, which was set up to hold equity 
investments on behalf of the Corporation (2021: 100%).
Arise PCC: a wholly owned special purpose vehicle, incorpo-
rated in Mauritius, to hold 50% interest in Terminal à Conteneurs 
de Nouakchott (TCN), a port project in the Islamic Republic of 
Mauritania. During the year, Arise PCC became wholly owned, 
increasing the Corporation’s interest in TCN to 50%, from 10.5%. 
The Corporation has assessed its interest in Arise PCC under 
business acquisition in IFRS 3 and concluded that the 
acquisition does not meet the criteria for a business, rather the 
transaction represents an asset acquisition. The investment in 
TCN is measured at fair value through proﬁt or loss (see note 19 
(b)).
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
AFC Capital Partners: a wholly owned entity incorporated in 
Mauritius in 2021, set up as an investment management entity 
during the year with a global business License.
The Group consists of the Africa Finance Corporation as the 
Parent. Other group entities are:
Related party transactions
 
 
 
 
 
 
i. 
Loans:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
iii. Cash and bank balances: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
b) Interest income earned: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities (note (i) below) 
 1,497,491  
 -    
34. Dividends
 
Placements with other banks (Note 16)   1,374,933   1,844,666  
 
 
 
 
 
 
banks (Note 15) 
 122,682  
 49,296  
Group entities
i) 
Included in investment securities in Note 20 are treasury bills 
issued by the government of United states of America which 
are highly liquid ﬁnancial instruments with less than three 
(3) months to  maturity as at reporting date.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
The Board of Directors is proposing a dividend of 6.6315 US 
cents per share (2021: 4.821 US cents per share), amounting to 
approximately US$85,581,299 (2021: US$56,462,371). The 
resolution on payment of dividend will be tabled before the 
annual general meeting scheduled for 4 April 2023 and if 
approved, the dividend will be paid to all qualifying sharehold-
ers who are on the register of members as of the date the 
ﬁnancial statements were approved and the Directors 
recommended the payment of dividend. The Board of Directors 
is also proposing a payment of 6.6315 US cents per share 
warrant (2021: 4.821 US cents per share). The resolution on 
payment of dividend to share warrant holders will be tabled 
before the annual general meeting.
35. Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
Cash in hand and balances with
At end of the year 
 2,995,106   1,893,962  
36. Group entities and related party 
transactions
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
230
93
f-93

--- Page 340 ---
Average 
Coupon 
 
  
Loans and advances 
8 Months 6% - 6.5%  Fixed/ﬂoating 
 
These transactions were carried out  in the normal course of 
business, under commercial terms. The terms and conditions 
of loans to related parties are as follows:
 
 
 
 
Tenor 
/Rate 
Rate Type
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
(c ) Cross currency swap 
 
 
securities 
11 Years 
5% - 15%  Fixed/ﬂoating 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 Salaries and other short-term
 
 beneﬁts 
9,479  
5,764  
 
   
 
 
Corporate debt
 
 Notional amount 
1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
(d)  Key management compensation 
 
 
Key management staff refers to members of the Executive 
Management Committee, which are: (a) President and Chief 
Executive Ofﬁcer, (b) Executive Director and Chief Investment 
Ofﬁcer, (c) Executive Director, Financial Services, (d) Senior 
Director & Chief Financial Ofﬁcer,  (e) Director & Chief Risk 
Ofﬁcer and (f) Director & General Counsel,  (g) Director & Head 
of Corporate Services (h) Director & Head, Economics, Research 
and Strategy.
37. Events after the statement of ﬁnancial 
position date 
 
   
 
 
 
There were no events after the statement of ﬁnancial position 
date which materially affect these ﬁnancial statements.
 
 Post-employment beneﬁts 
1,647  
530  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Annual Report 2022
231
94
f-94

--- Page 341 ---
Annual Report  
2023
Impact  
for Africa
Solutions for 
sustainable 
development
Instrumental Infrastructure. 
Instrumental Africa.
Africafc.org
95
f-95

--- Page 342 ---
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
13
Africa Finance Corporation
150
Africa Finance Corporation
150
96
f-96

--- Page 343 ---
Annual Report 2023
151
Annual Report 2023
151
97
f-97

--- Page 344 ---
Chairman
President & CEO
The Directors accept responsibility for the annual consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements, which have been prepared using appropriate accounting 
policies supported by reasonable estimates, in conformity with IFRS 
Accounting Standards. The Directors further accept responsibility for the 
maintenance of accounting records that may be relied upon in the 
preparation of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, as well as for designing, 
implementing and maintaining internal controls relevant to the preparation 
and fair presentation of ﬁnancial statements that are free from material 
misstatement.
Nothing has come to the attention of the Directors to indicate that the 
Corporation will not remain a going concern for at least twelve months from 
the date of this statement.
The annual consolidated ﬁnancial statements, presented on pages 
 
8 to 107,
were approved by the Directors on February 29, 2024 and were signed on its 
behalf by:
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements for each ﬁnancial year, that gives a true and fair view of the 
ﬁnancial affairs of the Corporation at the end of the year and of its proﬁt or 
loss and other comprehensive income. The Directors are also responsible for 
ensuring that the Corporation keeps proper accounting records that disclose, 
with reasonable accuracy, the ﬁnancial position of the Corporation. They are 
also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Corporation.
Approval of Annual Financial Statements 
Statement of directors’
responsibilities 
Annual Report 2023
Financial Report
154-245
Africa Finance Corporation
152
98
f-98

--- Page 345 ---
Report of the Audit and Compliance Committee
to the Board of Directors and General Meeting 
of the Africa Finance Corporation
Dr. Kevin Amugo
Bolaji Lawal
 
 
 
 
Ms Kirstine Damkjaer 
 
Members of the Committee 
 
Akin Ogunranti
Audit & Compliance Committee 
Dr. Hassan Mahmud
Chairperson 
 
After due consideration, the Committee accepted the report of the auditors to the 
effect that the consolidated ﬁnancial statements were prepared in accordance 
with the IFRS Accounting Standards and gave a true and fair view of the state of 
affairs of the Corporation’s ﬁnancial condition as at December 31, 2023.
In compliance with the provisions of Article 28 of the Charter of the Africa Finance 
Corporation and pursuant to the terms of the Audit and Compliance Committee 
(the “Committee”) statute concerning the establishment, membership, functions 
and powers of the Audit Committee of the Africa Finance Corporation, the 
Committee considered the audited consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the year 
ended December 31, 2023, at its meeting held on 23 February 2024.
In our opinion, the scope and planning of the audit for the year ended December 
31, 2023 were adequate. The Committee reviewed and was satisﬁed with the 
auditor’s submissions.
The Committee, therefore, recommended that the audited consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements of the Corporation for the ﬁnancial year ended December 31, 2023 
and the auditor’s report thereon be approved by the Board of Directors and 
presented for consideration by shareholders at the annual general meeting.
The Committee accepted the provision made in the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements for the remuneration of the auditors and recommended that the 
Board of Directors accept same. Furthermore, the Committee recommended to 
the shareholders the reappointment of KPMG Professional Services as the 
Corporation’s external auditors for the 2024 ﬁnancial year.
African Finance Corporation
Annual Report 2023
153
99
f-99

--- Page 346 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
154
100
f-100

--- Page 347 ---
Annual Report 2023
155
101
f-101

--- Page 348 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
156
102
f-102

--- Page 349 ---
Annual Report 2023
157
103
f-103

--- Page 350 ---
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
158
104
f-104

--- Page 351 ---
Annual Report 2023
159
105
f-105

--- Page 352 ---
2022
Note* 
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks 
 
 
15 
6,711 
122,682
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
19 
1,601,402 
1,623,954
Pledged assets 
 
 
21 
521,039 
611,209
Other assets 
 
 
22 
30,877 
72,593
Property, plant and equipment 
 
 
23 
5,087 
7,046
Non-current assets held for sale 
 
 
25 
478,713 
-
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
16 
1,371,103 
1,372,568
Loans and advances to other customers 
 
 
18 
4,283,292 
3,612,264
Derivative financial instruments 
 
 
17 
263,391 
184,370
Investment securities 
 
 
20 
3,783,322 
2,920,560
Intangible assets 
 
 
24 
200 
566
 
 
 
 
11,866,424 
10,527,812
Total Equity and Liabilities 
 
 
 
12,345,137 
10,527,812
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Assets 
 
 
 
12,345,137 
10,527,812
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 
26 
188,576 
187,890
 
 
 
 
8,641,973 
7,828,376
Total Liabilities 
 
 
 
8,924,445 
7,828,376
EQUITY 
 
 
Share capital 
 
 
29 
1,537,719 
1,290,527
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
 
 
Share premium 
 
 
30 
423,675 
184,018
Total equity 
 
 
 
3,420,692 
2,699,436
Borrowings 
 
 
27 
8,324,483 
7,568,205
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale 
 
25 
282,472 
-
Derivative financial instruments 
 
 
17 
128,914 
72,281
Fair value reserves 
 
 
33 
(27,020) 
(24,299)
Share warrants 
 
 
31 
200,000 
200,000
Retained earnings 
 
 
32 
1,286,318 
1,049,190
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at December 31, 2023
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
160
106
f-106

--- Page 353 ---
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Equity securities at FVOCI 
Dividends paid during the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(56,462) 
(56,462)
As at January 1, 2022 
1,171,176 
66,432 
200,000 
(23,653) 
824,808 
2,238,763
Proﬁt for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
285,919 
285,919
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
- net change in fair value 
- 
- 
- 
(646) 
- 
(646)
 
 
Capital  
 Premium  
 Warrants  
  Reserves  
Earnings 
Equity 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Total comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
(646) 
285,919 
285,273
 
 
Share 
Share 
Share 
Fair Value 
Retained 
Total  
Transactions with owners: 
 
 
 
 
 
Issued during the year 
119,351 
117,586 
- 
- 
- 
236,937
Dividend paid on share warrants 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(5,075) 
(5,075)
Transactions with owners 
119,351 
117,586 
- 
- 
(61,537) 
175,400
As at December 31, 2022 
1,290,527 
184,018 
200,000 
(24,299) 
1,049,190 
2,699,436
As at January 1, 2023 
1,290,527 
184,018 
200,000 
(24,299) 
1,049,190 
2,699,436
Remeasurement of deﬁned beneﬁt liability 
- 
- 
- 
(218) 
- 
(218)
Total comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
(2,721) 
329,690 
326,969
- net change in fair value 
- 
- 
- 
(2,503) 
- 
(2,503)
Transactions with owners: 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividend paid on share warrants 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(6,981) 
(6,981)
Proﬁt for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
329,690 
329,690
Dividends paid during the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(85,581) 
(85,581)
Transaction with owners 
247,192 
239,657 
- 
- 
(92,562) 
394,287
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at December 31, 2023 
1,537,719 
423,675 
200,000 
(27,020) 
1,286,318 
3,420,692
Issued during the year 
247,192 
239,657 
- 
- 
- 
486,849
Equity securities at FVOCI
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated ﬁnancial statements. 
Annual Report 2023
161
107
f-107

--- Page 354 ---
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest and similar income received 
 
 
 
773,008 
507,534
Interest paid 
 
 
27 
(330,682) 
(183,160)
Dividend received 
 
 
 
11,287 
6,622
Cash payments to employees and suppliers 
 
 
 
(113,848) 
(97,489)
Loans and advances disbursed to customers  
 
 
(647,387) 
(632,349)
Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 
 
(216,146) 
(321,059)
Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 
Purchase of debt securities 
 
 
 
(2,846,364) 
(1,246,876)
Capital repayments of debt securities 
 
 
 
2,633,131 
1,197,264
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
(172,371) 
(106,012)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
(4,063) 
-
 
 
 
2022
Note* 
2023 
Fee and commission receipts 
 
 
 
91,476 
77,783
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
 
 
2,995,106 
1,893,962
Deposit for shares 
 
 
 
- 
2,276
Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment 
 
23 
128 
103
Dividends paid on share warrants 
 
 
32 
(6,981) 
(5,075)
Total cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 
 
35 
3,491,871 
2,995,106 
Repayment of borrowings 
 
 
27 
(1,722,949) 
(607,015)
Share issue expenses 
 
 
 
- 
(3,063)
Net cash used in investment activities 
 
 
 
(367,581) 
(131,285)
Dividend paid to ordinary Shareholders 
 
 
32 
(86,736) 
(56,462)
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
Purchase of software/Intangibles 
 
 
24 
(82) 
(54)
Proceeds from other borrowings 
 
 
27 
2,425,914 
1,991,820
Net cash from financing activities 
 
 
 
1,080,492 
1,553,488
 
 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds on disposal/repayments of equity securities 
 
 
23,212 
26,209
Purchase of property and equipment 
 
 
23 
(1,172) 
(1,919)
Transaction costs related to borrowings 
 
 
27 
(13,329) 
(8,743)
Proceeds on share issue 
 
 
29 
484,573 
239,750
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  
 
 
496,765 
1,101,144
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
162
108
f-108

--- Page 355 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Arise PCC, which is also domiciled in the 
Republic of Mauritius, is an SPV (special 
purpose vehicle) set up solely to hold 
the Corporation's investment in Terminal 
à Conteneurs de Nouakchott (“TCN”). 
TCN, formerly known as Arise Mauritania 
S.A., is a port project in the Islamic 
Republic of Mauritania. In 2022, the 
Corporation acquired a 100% stake in 
Arise PCC leading to an increase in the 
Corporation's interest in TCN to 50%, from 
10.5%. During the year, the investment in 
TCN was transferred from Arise PCC to 
AFC Equity and the process for an 
orderly liquidation of Arise PCC 
commenced. The operations of AFC, 
AFC Equity and Arise PCC are managed 
solely by AFC's management team as 
AFC Equity and Arise PCC do not have 
separate management teams.
These consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
comprise the ﬁnancial statements of 
Africa Finance Corporation ("AFC"), and 
its wholly owned subsidiaries: AFC Equity 
Investments Limited (“AFC Equity”), AFC 
Capital Partners ("AFC Capital"), Arise 
PCC and Pecan Energies Investment 
Limited (“Pecan"), together referred to 
as "The Corporation".
AFC Capital was setup as an investment 
management entity, which is also 
domiciled in the Republic of Mauritius. 
AFC Capital was created to mobilise 
and manage third party funds to unlock 
new sources of capital to fund the 
African infrastructure investment gap. 
AFC Capital leverages the scale and 
breadth of AFC's investment track 
record to offer institutional investors 
unique access to attractive, de-risked 
investment opportunities in climate-
resilient infrastructure with strong returns.
The Corporation commenced opera-
tions on 1 November, 2007, after certain 
conditions prescribed in its constitutive 
instruments were fulﬁlled.
During the year, AFC acquired a 100% 
interest in Pecan Energy AS (formerly 
Aker Energies AS), an exploration and 
production company. Through its wholly 
owned subsidiary, Pecan Energy Ghana 
Limited, the Company has a 50% 
participating interest in the Deepwater 
Tano / Cape Three Points block 
(“DWT/CTP”). Pecan Energy Ghana Ltd 
is the operator responsible for develop-
ing the DWT/CTP (Pecan ﬁeld). After the 
acquisition, the entity was renamed as 
AFC Equity, which is domiciled in the 
Republic of Mauritius, was set up to hold 
equity investments on behalf of the 
Corporation as a Special Purpose 
Vehicle (SPV). The operations of AFC 
and AFC Equity are managed solely by 
AFC's management team as AFC Equity 
does not have a separate management 
team.
Chad 
Niger
Cameroon 
 Morocco
Member Countries
Botswana 
Mali
Guinea Conakry 
Uganda
Benin 
Malawi
Angola 
Madagascar
Africa Finance Corporation (“AFC" or 
the "Corporation”) is a multilateral 
development ﬁnance institution 
established by an international 
agreement between sovereign states.
Burundi 
Mauritius
Dem. Republic of 
Sao Tome & 
Ethiopia 
South Sudan
Cape Verde 
Namibia
Guinea Bissau 
Tunisia
Name of Shareholder 
Shareholding (%)
Central Bank of Nigeria 
39.9 
38.0
The Corporation's shareholders 
principally comprise African States and 
corporate entities, such as major 
commercial banks, other ﬁnancial 
institutions and other private sector 
commercial entities. There are forty two 
(2022: thirty nine) member states as 
listed in the table below.
Burkina Faso 
Mauritania
Congo 
Nigeria
1. General information 
 
Cote d'Ivoire 
Rwanda
Congo 
Principe
 
Liberia 
Zimbabwe
Ghana 
Togo
AFC was created by two constitutive 
legal instruments: (i) the Agreement for 
the Establishment of the Africa Finance 
Corporation (the “AFC Agreement”) and 
(ii) the Charter of the Africa Finance 
Corporation (the “AFC Charter”). AFC is 
headquartered in the Federal Republic 
of Nigeria, based on the Headquarters 
Agreement dated 28 May 2007 
between the Federal Republic of Nigeria 
and the Africa Finance Corporation. 
AFC's headquarters is located at 3a 
Osborne Road, Ikoyi, Lagos, Nigeria.
Kenya 
Zambia
Access Bank Plc 
9.1 
8.6 
United Bank for Africa Plc 
7.9 
9.0 
Zenith Bank Plc 
6.5 
7.7
Gabon 
The Gambia
Djibouti 
Senegal
Forty-four (44) shareholders have 
subscribed and paid for shares in AFC in 
accordance with the terms of the AFC 
Charter (2022 Thirty-seven (37)). As at 
December 31, 2023, the list of sharehold-
ers holding more than 5% of the issued 
share capital of the Corporation is as 
follows:
 
2023 
2022
Egypt 
Sierra Leone
Eritrea 
Somalia
See Note 29 for additional information 
on shareholding of the Corporation.
 
 
 
 
The Corporation's primary objective is to 
ﬁnance infrastructure (power, transpor-
tation, telecommunications), heavy 
industry, technology and natural 
resource (oil, gas, and mining) projects 
in Africa and to provide advisory, project 
development and other services related 
thereto. The Corporation also provides 
trade ﬁnance facilities to facilitate 
African trade.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
First Bank of Nigeria Plc 
6.5 
7.8 
Annual Report 2023
163
109
f-109

--- Page 356 ---
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
comprise the statement of comprehen-
sive income, the statement of ﬁnancial 
position, the statement of changes in 
Accordingly, the group is referred to as 
“the Corporation” for ﬁnancial reporting 
purposes.
 
2. Summary of signiﬁcant 
accounting policies
The material accounting policies 
applied in the preparation of these 
ﬁnancial statements are set out below. 
These policies have been consistently 
applied, unless otherwise stated. 
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS Accounting Standards as 
issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (IFRS Accounting 
Standards). The consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements are presented in United 
States dollars (US$) rounded to the 
nearest thousand.
2.1 Basis of preparation
equity, the statement of cash ﬂows and 
explanatory notes.
The consolidated statement of cash 
ﬂows shows the change in cash and 
cash equivalents during the year from 
operating, ﬁnancing and investing 
activities. Cash and cash equivalents 
include highly liquid investments. Note 
35 shows which items of the statement 
of ﬁnancial position are included in 
cash and cash equivalents.
Pecan Energies AS and its assets and 
liabilities transferred to Pecan Energies 
Investment Limited (“PEIL”). AFC plans to 
reduce its interest in the near term. See 
notes 25 and 36.
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
have been prepared under the 
historical cost convention, except for 
derivative ﬁnancial instruments, ﬁnancial 
assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, ﬁnancial assets 
at fair value through proﬁt or loss, which 
have been measured at fair value and 
deﬁned beneﬁt plan which has been 
measured at present value of the 
deﬁned beneﬁt obligation.
The cash ﬂow from operating activities is 
determined using the direct method. 
The Corporation’s assignment of cash 
ﬂows to operating, ﬁnancing and 
investing categories is determined 
based on the Corporation’s business 
model (management approach).
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
for the year ended December 31, 2023 
were authorized and approved for issue 
by the Board of Directors on February 29, 
2024. 
 
The preparation of consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements in conformity with 
IFRS Accounting Standards requires the 
use of certain critical accounting 
estimates. It also requires the Directors to 
exercise judgement in the process of 
applying the Corporation’s accounting 
policies. Changes in assumptions may 
have a signiﬁcant impact on the 
ﬁnancial statements in the period the 
assumptions changed. The areas 
involving a higher degree of judgement 
or complexity, or areas where assump-
tions and estimates are signiﬁcant to the 
ﬁnancial statements, are disclosed in 
note 4.
 
 
 
The amounts that are expected to be 
recovered or settled within 12 months of 
the reporting period are disclosed as 
“current” and the amounts expected to 
be recovered or settled beyond 12 
months are disclosed as “non-current” in 
the notes to the ﬁnancial statements.
The global inﬂation and the threatening 
global recession have all had an 
impact on the global markets and 
Africa as a whole. The measures 
adopted by several governments in 
countries around the world to cope with 
the crisis has had a signiﬁcant impact 
on the global economy. However, the 
Corporation continues to support its 
clients to weather the turbulent 
macroeconomic environment whilst 
having adequate resources to continue 
operations in the next 12 months. 
Hence, the going concern basis of 
accounting remains appropriate.
2.1.1  Changes in accounting policy 
and disclosures
Disclosure of Accounting Policies 
(Amendments IAS 1 and IFRS Practice 
Statement 2)
The amendments have had an impact 
on the Corporation’s disclosures of 
accounting policies, but not on the 
measurement, recognition or presenta-
tion of any items in the Corporation’s 
ﬁnancial statements. The Corporation 
reviewed the accounting policies and 
made updates to the information 
disclosed in Note 2 Material Accounting 
Policies (2022: Summary of signiﬁcant 
accounting policies) in certain instances 
in line with the new amendments.
Except for the changes below, the 
Corporation has consistently applied 
the accounting policies as set out in 
note 2 to all periods presented in these 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
The Corporation adopted Disclosure of 
Accounting Policies (Amendments IAS 1 
and IFRS Practice Statement 2) from 1 
January 2023. The amendments require 
the disclosure of "material" rather than 
"signiﬁcant" accounting policies. 
Although the amendments did not 
result in any changes to the accounting 
policies themselves, they impacted the 
accounting policy information disclosed 
in the ﬁnancial statements. The 
amendments also provide guidance on 
the application of materiality to 
disclosure of accounting polices, 
assisting entities to provide useful, entity-
speciﬁc accounting policy information 
that users need to understand other 
information in the ﬁnancial statements.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
164
110
f-110

--- Page 357 ---
The amendments specify that only 
covenants that an entity is required to 
comply with on or before the end of the 
reporting period affect the entity’s right 
to defer settlement of a liability for at 
least twelve months after the reporting 
date (and therefore must be considered 
in assessing the classiﬁcation of the 
liability as current or noncurrent). Such 
covenants affect whether the right exists 
at the end of the reporting period, even 
if compliance with the covenant is 
assessed only after the reporting date 
(e.g. a covenant based on the entity’s 
ﬁnancial position at the reporting date 
that is assessed for compliance only 
after the reporting date).
The amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 
deal with situations where there is a sale 
or contribution of assets between an 
investor and its associate or joint 
venture. Speciﬁcally, the amendments 
state that gains or losses resulting from 
the loss of control of a subsidiary that 
does not contain a business in a 
transaction with an associate or a joint 
venture that is accounted for using the 
equity method, are recognised in the 
parent’s proﬁt or loss only to the extent 
of the unrelated investors’ interests in 
that associate or joint venture. Similarly, 
gains and losses resulting from the 
remeasurement of investments retained 
in any former subsidiary (that has 
become an associate or a joint venture 
that is accounted for using the equity 
method) to fair value are recognised in 
the former parent’s proﬁt or loss only to 
the extent of the unrelated investors’ 
interests in the new associate or joint 
venture.
The amendments are applied retrospec-
tively for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2024. 
Earlier application of the amendments 
is permitted. If an entity applies the 
amendments for an earlier period, it is 
also required to apply the 2020 
amendments early. The Corporation 
anticipate that the application of these 
amendments may have an impact on 
the consolidated ﬁnancial statements in 
future periods.
The effective date of the amendments 
has yet to be set by the IASB; however, 
earlier application of the amendments 
is permitted. The Corporation anticipates 
that the application of these amend-
ments may have an impact on the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements in 
future periods should such transactions 
arise.
The amendments do not affect the gain 
or loss recognised by the seller-lessee 
relating to the partial or full termination of 
a lease. Without these new requirements, 
a seller-lessee may have recognised a 
gain on the right of use it retains solely 
because of a remeasurement of the 
lease liability (for example, following a 
lease modiﬁcation or change in the 
lease term) applying the general 
requirements in IFRS 16. This could have 
been particularly the case in a 
(b) Sale or Contribution of Assets 
between an Investor and its Associate 
or Joint Venture - Amendments to IFRS 
10 and IAS 28
c) Lease Liability in a Sale and 
Leaseback - Amendments to IFRS 16
The amendments to IFRS 16 add 
subsequent measurement requirements 
for sale and leaseback transactions that 
satisfy the requirements in IFRS 15 to be 
accounted for as a sale. The amend-
ments require the seller-lessee to 
determine ‘lease payments’ or ‘revised 
lease payments’ such that the seller-
lessee does not recognise a gain or loss 
that relates to the right of use retained 
by the seller-lessee, after the com-
mencement date.
Deﬁnition of Accounting Estimates - 
Amendments to IAS 8
The amendments replace the deﬁnition 
of a change in accounting estimates 
with a deﬁnition of accounting 
estimates. Under the new deﬁnition, 
accounting estimates are “monetary 
amounts in ﬁnancial statements that are 
subject to measurement uncertainty”. 
The deﬁnition of a change in account-
ing estimates was deleted. The amend-
ment was effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
2.1.2    New standards, amendments 
and interpretations that are not yet 
effective and have not been adopted 
early by the Corporation.
A number of new standards and 
amendments to standards are effective 
for annual periods beginning after 1 
January 2023 and earlier application is 
permitted; however, the Corporation has 
not early adopted them in preparing 
these consolidated ﬁnancial statements. 
Those Standards and Interpretations 
which may be relevant to the 
Corporation are set out below:
(a) Non-current Liabilities with 
Covenants and Classiﬁcation of 
Liabilities as Current or Non-current 
Liabilities- Amendments to IAS 1:
The amendments to IAS 1 published in 
January 2020 affect only the presenta-
tion of liabilities as current or noncurrent 
in the statement of ﬁnancial position 
and not the amount or timing of 
recognition of any asset, liability, income 
or expenses, or the information 
disclosed about those items.
The amendments clarify that the 
classiﬁcation of liabilities as current or 
non-current is based on rights that are 
in existence at the end of the reporting 
period, specify that classiﬁcation is 
unaffected by expectations about 
whether an entity will exercise its right to 
defer settlement of a liability, explain 
that rights are in existence if covenants 
are complied with at the end of the 
reporting period, and introduce a 
deﬁnition of ‘settlement’ to make clear 
that settlement refers to the transfer to 
the counterparty of cash, equity 
instruments, other assets or services.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
165
111
f-111

--- Page 358 ---
As part of the amendments, the IASB 
amended an Illustrative Example in IFRS 
16 and added a new example to 
illustrate the subsequent measurement 
of a right-of-use asset and lease liability 
in a sale and leaseback transaction 
with variable lease payments that do 
not depend on an index or rate. The 
illustrative examples also clarify that the 
liability, that arises from a sale and 
leaseback transaction that qualiﬁes as 
a sale applying IFRS 15, is a lease 
liability.
Estimating a spot rate: Meeting the 
estimation objective. A company’s 
objective when estimating a spot rate is 
only that it reﬂects the rate at which an 
orderly exchange transaction would 
take place at the measurement date 
between market participants under 
prevailing economic conditions. The 
amendments contain no speciﬁc 
requirements on how to estimate a spot 
rate.
(d) Lack of Exchangeability -
Amendments to IAS 21
Therefore, when estimating a spot rate a 
company can use an observable 
exchange rate without adjustment; or 
another estimation technique.
Under the amendments, companies will 
need to provide new disclosures to help 
users assess the impact of using an 
estimated exchange rate on the 
ﬁnancial statements. This may include 
the nature and ﬁnancial impacts of the 
currency not being exchangeable, the 
spot exchange rate used, the estimation 
process; and risks to the company 
because the currency is not exchange-
able. The amendments apply for annual 
reporting periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2025, with early application 
permitted.
 
The amendments clariﬁes when a 
currency is exchangeable into another 
currency; and how a company 
estimates a spot rate when a currency 
lacks exchangeability.
Assessing exchangeability: When to 
estimate a spot rate: A currency is 
exchangeable into another currency 
when a company is able to exchange 
that currency for the other currency at 
the measurement date and for a 
speciﬁed purpose. When a currency is 
not exchangeable, a company needs 
to estimate a spot rate.
The amendments are effective for 
annual reporting periods beginning on 
or after 1 January 2024. A seller-lessee 
applies the amendments retrospectively 
in accordance with IAS 8 to sale and 
leaseback transactions entered into 
after the date of initial application, 
which is deﬁned as the beginning of the 
annual reporting period in which the 
entity ﬁrst applied IFRS 16.
The amendments listed above, are not 
expected to have a signiﬁcant impact 
on the consolidated ﬁnancial state-
ments.
There are no other IFRSs or IFRS 
Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) 
interpretations that are not yet effective 
that would be expected to have a 
material impact on the Corporation.
leaseback that includes variable lease 
payments that do not depend on an 
index or rate.
2.2 Basis of consolidation 
(I) Subsidiaries
The Corporation accounts for business 
combinations using the acquisition 
method when the acquired set of 
activities and assets meets the deﬁnition 
of a business and control is transferred 
to the Corporation.
The consideration transferred in the 
acquisition is generally measured at fair 
value, as are the identiﬁable net assets 
acquired. Any goodwill that arises is 
tested annually for impairment. Any gain 
on a bargain purchase is recognised in 
proﬁt or loss immediately. Transaction 
costs are expensed as incurred, except 
 
 
 
 
 
From 1 January 2021, in determining 
whether a particular set of activities and 
assets is a business, the Corporation 
assesses whether the set of assets and 
activities acquired includes, at a 
minimum, an input and substantive 
process and whether the acquired set 
has the ability to produce outputs. The 
Corporation has an option to apply a 
‘concentration test’ that permits a 
simpliﬁed assessment of whether an 
acquired set of activities and assets is 
not a business. The optional concentra-
tion test is met if substantially all of the 
fair value of the gross assets acquired is 
concentrated in a single identiﬁable 
asset or group of similar identiﬁable 
assets.
The accounting policies of subsidiaries 
have been designed, to align with the 
policies adopted by the Corporation. 
Losses applicable to the non-controlling 
interests in a subsidiary are allocated to 
the non-controlling interests, even if 
doing so causes the non-controlling 
interests to have a deﬁcit balance.
(ii) Business combinations
Subsidiaries (including structured 
entities) are entities controlled by the 
Corporation. Control exists when the 
Corporation is exposed, or has rights, to 
variable returns from its involvement with 
an entity and has the ability to affect 
those returns through its power over the 
entity. In assessing control, potential 
voting rights that presently are exercis-
able are taken into account. The 
Corporation also assesses the existence 
of control where it does not have more 
than 50% of the voting power but is able 
to govern the ﬁnancial and operating 
policies by virtue of de-facto control. 
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from 
the date in which control is transferred 
to the Corporation. They are deconsoli-
dated from the date control ceases.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
166
112
f-112

--- Page 359 ---
if related to the issue of debt or equity 
securities.
Any contingent consideration is 
measured at fair value at the date of 
acquisition. If an obligation to pay 
contingent consideration that meets the 
deﬁnition of a ﬁnancial instrument is 
classiﬁed as equity, then it is not 
remeasured and settlement is 
accounted for within equity. Otherwise, 
other contingent consideration is 
remeasured at fair value at each 
reporting date and subsequent 
changes in the fair value of the 
contingent consideration are recognised 
in proﬁt or loss.
(iii) Loss of control 
 
 
 
 
If share-based payment awards 
(replacement awards) are required to 
be exchanged for awards held by the 
acquiree’s employees (acquiree’s 
awards), then all or a portion of the 
amount of the acquirer’s replacement 
awards is included in measuring the 
consideration transferred in the business 
combination. This determination is 
based on the market-based measure of 
the replacement awards compared 
with the market-based measure of the 
acquiree’s awards and the extent to 
which the replacement awards relate to 
pre-combination service.
Upon the loss of control, the Corporation 
derecognises the assets and liabilities of 
the subsidiary, and non-controlling 
interests and the other components of 
equity related to the subsidiary. Any 
surplus or deﬁcit arising on the loss of 
control is recognised in proﬁt or loss. If 
the Corporation retains any interest in 
the previous subsidiary, then such 
interest is measured at fair value at the 
date that control is lost and subse-
quently accounted for in accordance 
with the Corporation’s accounting 
policy for ﬁnancial instruments 
depending on the level of interest 
retained.
(iv)  Acquisitions under common 
control
The consideration transferred does not 
include amounts related to the 
settlement of pre-existing relationships. 
Such amounts are generally recognised 
in proﬁt or loss.
 
 
 
 
 
(v) Transactions eliminated on 
consolidation
ii) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are 
translated into the functional currency 
using the exchange rates prevailing at 
the dates of the transactions. Foreign 
exchange gains and losses resulting 
from the settlement of such transactions 
and from the translation at year-end 
Business combinations between entities 
that are under common control are 
accounted for at book values. The 
assets and liabilities acquired or 
transferred are recognised or derecog-
nised at the carrying amounts previ-
ously recognised in the Corporation 
controlling shareholder’s consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements. The components of 
equity of the acquired entities are 
added to the same components within 
the Corporation’s equity and any 
gain/loss arising is recognised directly in 
equity.
i) Functional and presentation 
currency
Intra-Group balances and any unreal-
ised gains or losses or incomes and 
expenses arising from intra-group 
transactions, are eliminated in prepar-
ing the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements. Unrealised gains arising 
from transactions with associates are 
eliminated to the extent of the Corpora-
tion’s interest in the entity. Unrealised 
losses are eliminated in the same way 
as unrealised gains, but only to the 
extent that there is no evidence of 
impairment.
Associates are all entities over which the 
Corporation has signiﬁcant inﬂuence 
but not control or joint control. This is 
generally the case where the Corpora-
tion holds between 20% and 50% of the 
voting rights of the entity. A joint venture 
is an arrangement in which the 
Corporation has joint control, whereby 
the Corporation has rights to the net 
assets of the arrangement, rather than 
rights to the assets and obligations for 
its liabilities.
Interests in associates and joint ventures 
are initially recognised at cost, which 
includes transaction cost. Subsequent 
to initial recognition, they are measured 
at fair value through proﬁt or loss rather 
than using the equity method. This 
treatment is permitted under IAS 28 on 
Investment in Associates and Joint 
Ventures, which allows such investments 
held by Venture Capital Entities to be 
accounted for at fair value in accor-
dance with IFRS 9 with changes in fair 
value recognised in the proﬁt or loss in 
the period of the change.
Items in the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements are presented in the 
Corporation's functional currency 
(United States Dollars) and amounts are 
stated in thousands of dollars, except 
otherwise stated. The functional 
currency of all subsidiaries is the United 
States Dollars.
(vi) Non-controlling interests
2.3 Foreign currency
(vii) Interests in associates and joint 
ventures
Non-controlling interests are measured 
at their proportionate share of the 
acquiree’s identiﬁable net assets at the 
date of acquisition. Changes in the 
Corporation’s interest in a subsidiary that 
does not result in a loss of control are 
accounted for as equity transactions.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
167
113
f-113

--- Page 360 ---
iii) Foreign operations
Foreign currency differences are 
recognised in OCI and accumulated in 
the translation reserve, except to the 
extent that the translation difference is 
allocated to non controlling interests.
The assets and liabilities of foreign 
operations, including goodwill and fair 
value adjustments arising on acquisi-
tion, are translated into US dollars at the 
exchange rates at the reporting date. 
The income and expenses of foreign 
operations are translated into US dollars 
at the exchange rates at the dates of 
the transactions.
exchange rates of monetary assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are recognised in the 
statement of comprehensive income.
Translation differences on non-monetary 
items, such as equities held at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss are reported as 
part of the fair value gain or loss. 
Translation differences on non-monetary 
items, such as equities measured at fair 
value, with fair value changes recog-
nised in other comprehensive income, 
are included in the other comprehen-
sive income.
Monetary items denominated in foreign 
currency are translated with the closing 
rate as at the reporting date. The foreign 
currency gain or loss on monetary items 
is the difference between the amortised 
cost in the functional currency at the 
beginning of the year, adjusted for 
effective interest and payments during 
the year, and the amortised cost in the 
foreign currency translated at the spot 
exchange rate at the end of the year. 
Non-monetary items measured at 
historical cost denominated in a foreign 
currency are translated with the 
exchange rate as at the date of initial 
recognition; non-monetary items in a 
foreign currency that are measured at 
fair value are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the 
fair value was determined.
 
Changes in the fair value of monetary 
securities denominated in foreign 
currency measured at fair value, with fair 
value changes recognised in other 
comprehensive income, are analysed 
between translation differences resulting 
from changes in the amortised cost of 
the security and other changes in the 
carrying amount of the security. 
Translation differences related to 
changes in the amortised cost are 
recognised in proﬁt or loss, and other 
changes in the carrying amount are 
recognised in other comprehensive 
income.
When a foreign operation is disposed of 
in its entirety or partially such that 
control is lost, the cumulative amount in 
the translation reserve related to that 
foreign operation is reclassiﬁed to proﬁt 
or loss as part of the gain or loss on 
disposal. If the Corporation disposes of 
only part of its interest in a subsidiary 
that includes a foreign operation while 
retaining control, then the relevant 
proportion of the cumulative amount is 
reattributed to non controlling interests.
 
All ﬁnancial assets and liabilities, which 
include derivative ﬁnancial instruments, 
have to be recognised in the statement 
of ﬁnancial position and measured in 
accordance with their assigned 
category.
Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities 
are recognised when the Corporation 
becomes a party to the contractual 
provisions of the instrument. Regular way 
purchases and sales of ﬁnancial assets 
are recognised on trade-date, the date 
on which the Corporation commits to 
purchase or sell the asset.
Initial recognition and measurement
At initial recognition, the Corporation 
measures a ﬁnancial asset or ﬁnancial 
liability at its fair value plus or minus, in 
the case of a ﬁnancial asset or ﬁnancial 
liability not at fair value through proﬁt or 
loss, transaction costs that are incre-
mental and directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of the ﬁnancial asset 
or ﬁnancial liability, such as fees and 
commissions. Transaction costs of 
ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities 
carried at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
are expensed in proﬁt or loss. After initial 
recognition, an expected credit loss 
allowance (ECL) is recognised for 
ﬁnancial assets measured at amortised 
cost and investments in debt instru-
ments measured at FVOCI.
2.4  Financial assets and liabilities
When the fair value of ﬁnancial assets 
and liabilities differs from the transaction 
price on initial recognition, the Corpora-
tion recognises the difference as follows:
b) In all other cases, the difference is 
deferred and the timing of recogni-
tion of deferred day one proﬁt or loss 
is determined individually. It is either 
amortised over the life of the 
instrument, deferred until the 
instrument's fair value can be 
determined using market observ-
able inputs, or realised through 
settlement.
a) When the fair value is evidenced by 
a quoted price in an active market 
for an identical asset or liability (i.e. 
a Level 1 input) or based on a 
valuation technique that uses only 
data from observable markets, the 
difference is recognised as a gain or 
loss.
Classiﬁcation and subsequent 
measurement
2.4.1 Financial assets
The Corporation applies IFRS 9 and 
classiﬁes its ﬁnancial assets in the 
following measurement categories:
Ÿ
Fair value through other compre-
hensive income (FVOCI); or
Ÿ
Fair value through proﬁt or loss 
(FVTPL);
Ÿ
Amortised cost 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
168
114
f-114

--- Page 361 ---
Financial assets with embedded 
derivatives are considered in their entirety 
when determining whether their cash 
ﬂows are solely payment of principal and 
interest.
 
When the ﬁnancial asset is 
derecognised, the cumulative gain 
or loss previously recognised in OCI 
is reclassiﬁed from equity to proﬁt or 
loss and recognised in “Gain/Loss 
on Disposal of Financial Assets”. 
Interest income from these ﬁnancial 
assets is included in 'Interest income' 
using the effective interest rate 
method over the gross carrying 
amount of the ﬁnancial assets.
Solely Payment of Principal and 
Interest (SPPI)
The Corporation reclassiﬁes debt 
investments when and only when its 
business model for managing those 
assets changes. The reclassiﬁcation 
takes place from the start of the ﬁrst 
reporting period following the change. 
Such changes are expected to be very 
infrequent and none occurred during 
the period.
Debt instruments are those instruments 
that meet the deﬁnition of a ﬁnancial 
liability from the issuer's perspective, 
such as loans, government and 
corporate bonds, treasury bills and other 
receivables. Classiﬁcation and 
subsequent measurement of debt 
instruments depend on:
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Amortised cost: Assets that are held 
for collection of contractual cash 
ﬂows where those cash ﬂows 
represent Solely Payments of 
Principal and Interest ('SPPI'), and 
that are not designated at FTVPL, are 
measured at amortised cost. The 
carrying amount of these assets is 
adjusted by any expected credit loss 
allowance recognised and mea-
sured as described in note 2.8. 
Interest income from these ﬁnancial 
assets is included in interest income 
using the effective interest rate 
method over the carrying amount of 
the ﬁnancial assets.
Business model
Debt instruments
(i) the Corporation's business model for 
managing the asset; and
The classiﬁcation requirements for debt 
and equity instruments are described 
below:
(ii) the cash ﬂow characteristics of the 
asset.
Based on these factors, the Corporation 
classiﬁes its debt instruments into one of 
the following three measurement 
categories:
- 
Fair value through other comprehen-
sive income (FVOCI): Financial 
assets that are held for collection of 
contractual cash ﬂows and for 
selling the assets, where the assets' 
cash ﬂows represent solely payments 
of principal and interest, and that 
are not designated at FVTPL, are 
measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVOCI). 
Movements in the carrying amount 
are taken through OCI, except for 
the recognition of impairment gains 
or losses, interest revenue and 
foreign exchange gains and losses 
on the instrument's amortised cost 
which are recognised in proﬁt or loss.
- 
Fair value through proﬁt or loss 
(FVTPL): Assets that do not meet the 
criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI 
are measured at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss. A gain or loss on a debt 
investment that is subsequently 
measured at fair value through proﬁt 
or loss and is not part of a hedging 
relationship is recognised in proﬁt or 
loss and presented in the proﬁt or 
loss statement within ‘Net gain on 
ﬁnancial instruments at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss’ in the period in 
which it arises. Interest income from 
these ﬁnancial assets is included in 
'Interest income' using the effective 
interest rate method over the 
amortised cost of the ﬁnancial 
assets.
The business model reﬂects how the 
Corporation manages the assets in 
order to generate cash ﬂows. That is, 
whether the Corporation's objective is 
solely to collect the contractual cash 
ﬂows from the assets or is to collect both 
the contractual cash ﬂows and cash 
ﬂows arising from the sale of assets. If 
neither of these is applicable (e.g. 
ﬁnancial assets are held for trading 
purposes), then the ﬁnancial assets are 
classiﬁed as part of 'other' business 
model and measured at FVTPL. Factors 
considered by the Corporation in 
determining the business model for a 
group of assets include past experience 
on how the cash ﬂows for these assets 
were collected, how the asset's perfor-
mance is evaluated and reported to key 
management personnel, how risks are 
assessed and managed and how 
managers are compensated.
Where the business model is to hold 
assets to collect contractual cash ﬂows 
or to collect contractual cash ﬂows and 
sell, the Corporation assesses whether 
the ﬁnancial instruments' cash ﬂows 
represent solely payments of principal 
and interest (the `SPPI test'). In making 
this assessment, the Corporation 
considers whether the contractual cash 
ﬂows are consistent with a basic lending 
arrangement i.e. interest includes only 
consideration for the time value of 
money, credit risk, other basic lending 
risks and a proﬁt margin that is consistent 
with a basic lending arrangement. 
Where the contractual terms introduce 
exposure to risk or volatility that are 
inconsistent with a basic lending 
arrangement, the related ﬁnancial asset 
is classiﬁed and measured at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss.
Reclassiﬁcations
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
169
115
f-115

--- Page 362 ---
The Corporation subsequently measures 
all equity instruments at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss, except where 
management has elected, at initial 
recognition, to irrevocably designate an 
equity investment at fair value through 
other comprehensive income. When this 
election is used, fair value gains and 
losses are recognised in OCI and are 
not subsequently reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or 
loss, including on disposal. Dividends, 
when representing a return on such 
investments, continue to be recognised 
in proﬁt or loss as dividend income 
when the Corporation's right to receive 
payments is established.
Equity instruments
quity instruments are instruments that 
meet the deﬁnition of equity from the 
issuer's perspective; that is, instruments 
that do not contain a contractual 
obligation to pay and that evidences a 
residual interest in the issuer's net assets. 
Examples of equity instruments include 
basic ordinary shares.
Gains and losses on equity investments 
at FVTPL are included in the net gain 
/(loss) on ﬁnancial instruments at fair 
value through proﬁt or loss line in the 
statement of comprehensive income.
Modiﬁcation of loans
- 
If the borrower is in ﬁnancial difﬁculty, 
whether the modiﬁcation merely 
reduces the contractual cash ﬂows 
to amounts the borrower is expected 
to be able to pay;
- 
Signiﬁcant extension of the loan 
term when the borrower is not in 
ﬁnancial difﬁculty;
- 
Signiﬁcant change in the interest 
rate;
- 
Change in the currency the loan is 
denominated in; and
- 
Whether any substantial new terms 
are introduced, such as a proﬁt 
share/equity-based return that 
substantially affects the risk proﬁle of 
the loan;
- 
Insertion of collateral, other security 
or credit enhancements that 
signiﬁcantly affect the credit risk 
associated with the loan.
The Corporation sometimes renegoti-
ates or otherwise modiﬁes the contrac-
tual cash ﬂows of loans to customers. 
When this happens, the Corporation 
assesses whether or not the new terms 
are substantially different to the original 
terms. The Corporation does this by 
considering, among others, the 
following factors:
If the basis for determining the contrac-
tual cashﬂows of a ﬁnancial asset or 
ﬁnancial liability measured at amortised 
cost changes as a result of interest rate 
benchmark reform, then the Corporation 
updates the effective interest rate of the 
ﬁnancial asset or liability to reﬂect the 
change that is required by the reform. A 
change in the basis for determining the 
contractual cashﬂow is required by 
interest rate benchmark reforms if the 
following conditions were met:
- 
the change is necessary as a direct 
consequence of the reform; and
- 
the new basis for determining the 
contractual cashﬂow is economi-
cally equivalent to the previous 
basis- i.e. the basis immediately 
before the change.
If the terms are substantially different, the 
Corporation derecognises the original 
ﬁnancial asset and recognises a 'new' 
asset at fair value and recalculates a 
new effective interest rate for the asset. 
The date of renegotiation is conse-
quently considered to be the date of 
initial recognition for impairment 
calculation purposes, including for the 
purpose of determining whether a 
signiﬁcant increase in credit risk has 
occurred. However, the Corporation also 
assesses whether the new ﬁnancial 
asset recognised is deemed to be 
credit-impaired at initial recognition, 
especially in circumstances where the 
renegotiation was driven by the debtor 
being unable to make the originally 
agreed payments. Differences in the 
carrying amount are also recognised in 
proﬁt or loss as a gain or loss on 
derecognition.
 
(b) the Corporation neither transfers nor 
retains substantially all the risks and 
rewards of ownership and the 
Corporation has not retained control 
of the ﬁnancial asset.
Financial assets, or a portion thereof, are 
derecognised when the contractual 
rights to receive the cash ﬂows from the 
assets have expired, or when they have 
been transferred and either;
 
(a) the Corporation transfers substan-
tially all the risks and rewards of 
ownership, or 
Interest rate benchmark reform
If the terms are not substantially 
different, the renegotiation or modiﬁca-
tion does not result in derecognition, 
and the Corporation recalculates the 
gross carrying amount based on the 
revised cash ﬂows of the ﬁnancial asset 
and recognises a modiﬁcation gain or 
loss in proﬁt or loss. The new gross 
carrying amount is recalculated by 
discounting the modiﬁed cash ﬂows at 
the original effective interest rate (or 
credit-adjusted effective interest rate for 
purchased or originated credit impaired 
ﬁnancial assets).
If changes are made to the ﬁnancial 
asset or ﬁnancial liability in addition to 
changes to the basis for determining 
the contractual cashﬂows required by 
interest benchmark reforms, then the 
Corporation ﬁrst updates the effective 
interest rate of the ﬁnancial asset or 
ﬁnancial liabilities to reﬂect the change 
that is required by interest benchmark 
reform. After that the Corporation, 
applies the policies on accounting for 
modiﬁcations set out above to the 
additional changes.
Derecognition other than on a 
modiﬁcation
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
170
116
f-116

--- Page 363 ---
- 
The amount of the loss allowance 
(calculated as described in note 
2.8); and
Loan commitments provided by the 
Corporation are measured as the 
amount of the loss allowance. The 
Corporation has not provided any 
commitment to provide loans at a 
below-market interest rate, or that can 
be settled net in cash or by delivering or 
issuing another ﬁnancial instrument.
For loan commitments and ﬁnancial 
guarantee contracts, the loss allowance 
is recognised as a provision. However, for 
contracts that include both a loan and 
an undrawn commitment and the 
Corporation cannot separately identify 
the expected credit losses on the 
undrawn commitment component from 
those on the loan component, the 
expected credit losses on the undrawn 
- 
The premium received on initial 
recognition less income recognised 
in accordance with the principles of 
IFRS 15.
Derecognition
Collateral (such as ordinary shares or 
bonds) provided by the Corporation 
under standard repurchase agreements 
and securities lending and borrowing 
transactions are not derecognised 
because the Corporation retains 
substantially all the risks and rewards on 
the basis of the predetermined 
repurchase price, and the criteria for 
derecognition are therefore not met. This 
also applies to certain securitisation 
transactions in which the Corporation 
retains a subordinated residual interest.
Financial liabilities are classiﬁed and 
subsequently measured at amortised 
cost, except for ﬁnancial liabilities at fair 
value through proﬁt or loss. This 
classiﬁcation is applied to derivatives 
and other ﬁnancial liabilities designated 
as such at initial recognition.
Financial liabilities are derecognised 
when they are extinguished (i.e. when 
the obligation speciﬁed in the contract 
is discharged, cancelled or expires).
Financial guarantee contracts are 
initially measured at fair value and 
subsequently measured at the higher 
of:
2.4.2 Financial liabilities
(ii) Is prohibited from selling or pledging 
the assets; and
Classiﬁcation and subsequent 
measurement 
The Corporation may enter into 
transactions where it retains the 
contractual rights to receive cash ﬂows 
from assets but assumes a contractual 
obligation to pay those cash ﬂows to 
other entities and transfers substantially 
all of the risks and rewards. These 
transactions are accounted for as 'pass 
through' transfers that result in 
derecognition if the Corporation:
 
 
 
 
 
(i) Has no obligation to make pay-
ments unless it collects equivalent 
amounts from the assets;
(iii) Has an obligation to remit any cash 
it collects from the assets without 
material delay.
Gains or losses on ﬁnancial liabilities 
designated at fair value through proﬁt or 
loss are presented partially in other 
comprehensive income (the amount of 
change in the fair value of the ﬁnancial 
liability that is attributable to changes in 
the credit risk of that liability, which is 
determined as the amount that is not 
attributable to changes in market 
conditions that give rise to market risk) 
and partially proﬁt or loss (the remaining 
amount of change in the fair value of 
the liability). This is unless such a 
presentation would create, or enlarge, 
an accounting mismatch, in which case 
the gains and losses attributable to 
changes in the credit risk of the liability 
are also presented in proﬁt or loss.
The exchange between the Corporation 
and its original lenders of debt instru-
ments with substantially different terms, 
as well as substantial modiﬁcations of 
the terms of existing ﬁnancial liabilities, 
are accounted for as an extinguishment 
of the original ﬁnancial liability and the 
recognition of a new ﬁnancial liability 
and a gain or loss is recognised in proﬁt 
or loss accounts. The terms are substan-
tially different if the discounted present 
value of the cash ﬂows under the new 
terms, including any fees paid net of 
any fees received and discounted using 
the original effective interest rate, 
signiﬁcantly differs from the discounted 
present value of the remaining cash 
ﬂows of the original ﬁnancial liability. In 
addition, other qualitative factors, such 
as the currency that the instrument is 
denominated in, changes in the type of 
interest rate, new conversion features 
attached to the instrument and change 
in covenants are also taken into 
consideration. If an exchange of debt 
instruments or modiﬁcation of terms is 
accounted for as an extinguishment, 
any costs or fees incurred are recog-
nised as part of the gain or loss on the 
extinguishment. If the exchange or 
modiﬁcation is not accounted for as an 
extinguishment, then the amortised cost 
of the liability is recalculated by 
discounting the modiﬁcation cash ﬂow 
at the original effective interest rate and 
the resulting gain or loss is recognised in 
proﬁt or loss. Any costs or fees incurred 
adjust the carrying amount of the 
liability and are amortised over the 
remaining term of the modiﬁed liability.
Financial guarantee contracts and 
loan commitments
Financial guarantee contracts are 
contracts that require the issuer to make 
speciﬁed payments to reimburse the 
holder for a loss it incurs because a 
speciﬁed debtor fails to make payments 
when due, in accordance with the terms 
of a debt instrument. Such ﬁnancial 
guarantees are given to banks, ﬁnancial 
institutions and others on behalf of 
customers to secure trade transactions.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
171
117
f-117

--- Page 364 ---
(iii) The hybrid contract is not measured 
at fair value through proﬁt or loss.
Fair value is the price that would be 
received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transac-
tion between market participants at the 
measurement date in the principal or, in 
its absence, the most advantageous 
market to which the Corporation has 
access at that date. The fair value of a 
liability reﬂects its non-performance risk. 
When available, the Corporation 
measures the fair value of an instrument 
using the quoted price in an active 
market for that instrument. A market is 
regarded as active if transactions for the 
asset or liability take place with sufﬁcient 
frequency and volume to provide 
pricing information on an ongoing 
basis. If there is no quoted price in an 
active market, then the Corporation 
uses valuation techniques that 
maximise the use of relevant observable 
inputs and minimise the use of 
unobservable inputs. The chosen 
valuation technique incorporates all of 
the factors that market participants 
would take into account in pricing a 
transaction.
(i) Their economic characteristics and 
risks are not closely related to those 
of the host contract;
 
 
 
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair 
value on the date on which the 
derivative contract is entered into and 
are subsequently remeasured at fair 
value. All derivatives are carried as 
assets when fair value is positive and as 
liabilities when fair value is negative.
For more complex instruments, the 
Corporation uses internally developed 
models, which are usually based on 
valuation methods and standard 
industry techniques. Valuation models 
are used primarily to value derivatives 
transacted in the over- the counter 
market, unlisted debt securities 
(including those with embedded 
derivatives), unlisted equity and other 
debt instruments for which markets were 
or have become illiquid. Some of the 
inputs to these models may not be 
market observable and are therefore 
estimated based on assumptions.
Offsetting
Determination of fair value
commitment are recognised together 
with the loss allowance for the loan. To 
the extent that the combined expected 
credit losses exceed the gross carrying 
amount of the loan, the expected credit 
losses are recognised as a provision.
Certain derivatives are embedded in 
hybrid contracts, such as the conversion 
option in a convertible bond. If the 
hybrid contract contains a host that is a 
ﬁnancial asset, then the Corporation 
assesses the entire contract as 
described in the ﬁnancial assets section 
above for classiﬁcation and measure-
ment purposes. Otherwise, the embed-
ded derivatives (for a host that is not a 
ﬁnancial asset) are treated as separate 
derivatives when:
(ii) A separate instrument with the same 
terms would meet the deﬁnition of a 
derivative
Derivatives
These embedded derivatives are 
separately accounted for at fair value, 
with changes in fair value recognised in 
the statement of proﬁt or loss unless the 
Corporation chooses to designate the 
hybrid contracts at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss.
The Corporation, in circumstances 
whereby this is applicable, uses widely 
recognised valuation models for 
determining fair values of non-
standardised ﬁnancial instruments of 
lower complexity. Inputs into models are 
generally market-observable for these 
ﬁnancial instruments.
If an asset or a liability measured at fair 
value has a bid price and an ask price, 
then the Corporation measures assets 
and long positions at a bid price and 
liabilities and short positions at an ask 
price.
The best evidence of the fair value of a 
ﬁnancial instrument at initial recognition 
is normally the transaction price – i.e. 
the fair value of the consideration given 
or received. If the Corporation deter-
mines that the fair value at initial 
recognition differs from the transaction 
price and the fair value is evidenced 
neither by a quoted price in an active 
market for an identical asset or liability 
nor based on a valuation technique 
that uses only data from observable 
markets, then the ﬁnancial instrument is 
initially measured at fair value, adjusted 
to defer the difference between the fair 
value at initial recognition and the 
transaction price. Subsequently, that 
difference is recognised in proﬁt or loss 
on an appropriate basis over the life of 
the instrument but no later than when 
the valuation is wholly supported by 
observable market data or the transac-
tion is closed out.
Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities 
are offset and the net amount pre-
sented in the statement of ﬁnancial 
position when, and only when, the 
Corporation currently has a legally 
enforceable right to set off the amounts 
and it intends either to settle them on a 
net basis or to realise the asset and 
settle the liability simultaneously.
The output of a model is always an 
estimate or approximation of a value 
that cannot be determined with 
certainty. Valuation techniques 
employed may not fully reﬂect all factors 
relevant to the positions the Corporation 
holds. Valuations are therefore adjusted, 
where appropriate, to allow for addi-
tional factors including liquidity risk and 
counterparty credit risk. Based on the 
established fair value model gover-
nance policies, and related controls 
and procedures applied, management 
believes that these valuation adjust-
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
172
118
f-118

--- Page 365 ---
Nothing has changed in the Corpora-
tion’s fair value determination policies in 
current year and prior year.
ments are necessary and appropriate 
to fairly state the values of ﬁnancial 
instruments carried at fair value in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position. Price 
data and parameters used in the 
measurement procedures applied are 
generally reviewed carefully and 
adjusted, if necessary – particularly in 
view of current market developments.
2.5   Interest income and expense 
Effective interest rate
Interest income and expense are 
recognised in proﬁt or loss using the 
effective interest method. The ‘effective 
interest rate’ is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash 
payments or receipts through the 
expected life of the ﬁnancial instrument 
to:
 
When calculating the effective interest 
rate for ﬁnancial instruments other than 
purchased or originated credit-impaired 
assets, the Corporation estimates future 
cash ﬂows considering all contractual 
terms of the ﬁnancial instrument, but not 
ECL. For purchased or originated credit 
impaired ﬁnancial assets, a credit-
adjusted effective interest rate is 
calculated using estimated future cash 
ﬂows including ECL. However, for 
ﬁnancial assets that have become 
credit-impaired subsequent to initial 
recognition, interest income is calcu-
lated by applying the effective interest 
rate to the amortised cost of the 
ﬁnancial asset commencing from the 
subsequent annual reporting period The 
calculation of the effective interest rate 
includes transaction costs and fees and 
points paid or received that are an 
integral part of the effective interest rate. 
Transaction costs include incremental 
costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of a ﬁnancial asset 
or ﬁnancial liability.
Amortised cost and gross carrying 
amount 
- 
the gross carrying amount of the 
ﬁnancial asset; or 
Effective interest rate
The ‘amortised cost’ of a ﬁnancial asset 
or ﬁnancial liability is the amount at 
which the ﬁnancial asset or ﬁnancial 
liability is measured on initial recognition 
minus the principal repayments, plus or 
minus the cumulative amortisation 
using the effective interest method of 
any difference between that initial 
amount and the maturity amount and, 
for ﬁnancial assets, adjusted for any 
expected credit loss allowance.
The ‘gross carrying amount of a 
ﬁnancial asset’ is the amortised cost of 
a ﬁnancial asset before adjusting for 
any expected credit loss allowance.
 
 
Calculation of interest income and 
expense
-  
the amortised cost of the ﬁnancial 
liability.
The effective interest rate of a ﬁnancial 
asset or ﬁnancial liability is calculated 
on initial recognition of a ﬁnancial asset 
or a ﬁnancial liability. In calculating 
interest income and expense, the 
effective interest rate is applied to the 
gross carrying amount of the asset 
(when the asset is not credit impaired) 
or to the amortised cost of the liability. 
The effective interest rate is revised as a 
result of periodic re-estimation of cash 
ﬂows of ﬂoating rate instruments to 
reﬂect movements in market rates of 
interest.
However, for ﬁnancial assets that have 
become credit-impaired subsequent to 
initial recognition, interest income is 
calculated by applying the effective 
interest rate to the amortised cost of the 
ﬁnancial asset. If the asset is no longer 
credit- impaired, then the calculation of 
interest income reverts to the gross 
basis.
 
 
 
 
 
- 
interest on ﬁnancial assets 
measured at amortised cost;  
Presentation
- 
ﬁnancial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost; and 
Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest method presented in 
the statement of proﬁt or loss and OCI 
includes:
 
For ﬁnancial assets that were credit-
impaired on initial recognition, interest 
income is calculated by applying the 
credit adjusted effective interest rate to 
the amortised cost of the asset. The 
calculation of interest income does not 
revert to a gross basis, even if the credit 
risk of the asset improves.
- 
interest on debt instruments 
measured at FVTPL;
- 
interest expense on lease liabilities
 
2.6  Fees, commission and other 
income
Fees and commissions are generally 
recognised on an accrual basis when 
the service has been provided except for 
structuring fees (i.e. fees related to 
structuring, term sheet negotiation and 
coordination) which are recognised at 
the completion of work. Commitment 
fees for loans that are likely to be drawn 
down are deferred (together with related 
direct costs) and recognised as an 
adjustment to the effective interest rate 
on the loan. Commission and fees 
arising from negotiating, or participating 
in the negotiation of a transaction for a 
third party – such as the arrangement of 
the acquisition of shares or other 
securities, or the purchase or sale of 
businesses – are recognised on 
- 
ﬁnancial liabilities measured at 
FVTPL. 
Interest expense presented in the 
statement of proﬁt or loss and OCI 
includes:
- 
interest on debt instruments 
measured at FVOCI;
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
173
119
f-119

--- Page 366 ---
2.7    Assets pledged as collateral
2.8   Impairment of ﬁnancial assets
Financial assets transferred to external 
parties and which do not qualify for de-
recognition are reclassiﬁed in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position from 
treasury bills and investment securities 
to assets pledged as collateral, if the 
transferee has received the right to sell 
or re-pledge them in the event of default 
from agreed terms. Assets pledged as 
collateral are initially recognised at fair 
value, and are subsequently measured 
at amortised cost or fair value as 
appropriate. These transactions are 
performed in accordance with the 
usual terms of securities lending and 
borrowing.
- 
The time value of money; and
The Corporation measures loss 
allowances at an amount equal to 
lifetime ECL, except for the following, for 
which they are measured as 12-month 
ECL:
completion of the underlying transac-
tion. Portfolio and other management 
advisory and service fees are recognised 
based on the applicable service 
contracts, usually on a time-apportioned 
basis. Performance-linked fees or fee 
components are recognised when the 
performance criteria are fulﬁlled.
 
 
The Corporation assesses on a forward-
looking basis the expected credit losses 
('ECL') associated with its debt instru-
ment assets carried at amortised cost 
and FVOCI and with the exposure 
arising from loan commitments and 
ﬁnancial guarantees. The Corporation 
recognises a loss allowance for such 
expected losses at each reporting date. 
The measurement of ECL reﬂects:
- 
An unbiased and probability-
weighted amount that is determined 
by evaluating a range of possible 
outcomes;
- 
Reasonable and supportable 
information that is available without 
undue cost or effort at the reporting 
date about past events, current 
conditions and forecasts of future 
economic conditions.
- 
debt investment securities that are 
determined to have low credit risk at 
the reporting date; and
- 
other ﬁnancial instruments on which 
credit risk has not increased 
signiﬁcantly since their initial 
recognition.
12-month ECL are the portion of ECL that 
result from default events on a ﬁnancial 
instrument that are possible within the 12 
months after the reporting date. Financial 
instruments for which a 12-month ECL is 
recognised are referred to as ‘Stage 1 
ﬁnancial instruments’. Life-time ECL are 
the ECL that result from all possible 
default events over the expected life of 
the ﬁnancial instrument. Financial 
instruments for which a lifetime ECL is 
recognised but which are not credit-
impaired are referred to as ‘Stage 2 
ﬁnancial instruments’.
Measurement of Expected credit losses
ECL are a probability-weighted estimate 
of credit losses. They are measured as 
follows
- 
ﬁnancial assets that are not credit-
impaired at the reporting date: as 
the present value of all cash 
shortfalls (i.e. the difference between 
the cash ﬂows due to the entity in 
accordance with the contract and 
the cash ﬂows that the Corporation 
expects to receive);
- 
ﬁnancial assets that are credit-
impaired at the reporting date: as 
the difference between the gross 
carrying amount and the present 
value of estimated future cash ﬂows;
- 
undrawn loan commitments: as the 
present value of the difference 
between the contractual cash ﬂows 
that are due to the Corporation if 
the commitment is drawn down and 
the cash ﬂows that the Corporation 
expects to receive; and
- 
ﬁnancial guarantee contracts: the 
expected payments to reimburse 
the holder less any amounts that the 
Corporation expects to recover.
Restructured ﬁnancial assets 
If the terms of a ﬁnancial asset are 
renegotiated or modiﬁed or an existing 
ﬁnancial asset is replaced with a new 
one due to ﬁnancial difﬁculties of the 
borrower, then an assessment is made 
of whether the ﬁnancial asset should be 
derecognised and ECL are measured 
as follows:
 
 
- 
If the expected restructuring will 
result in derecognition of the existing 
asset, then the expected fair value 
of the new asset is treated as the 
ﬁnal cash ﬂow from the existing 
ﬁnancial asset at the time of its 
derecognition. This amount is 
included in calculating the cash 
shortfalls from the existing ﬁnancial 
asset that are discounted from the 
expected date of derecognition to 
the reporting date using the original 
effective interest rate of the existing 
ﬁnancial asset. See “Modiﬁcation of 
loans”.
Credit-impaired ﬁnancial assets
At each reporting date, the Corporation 
assesses whether ﬁnancial assets 
carried at amortised cost and debt 
ﬁnancial assets carried at FVOCI are 
credit-impaired (referred to as ‘Stage 3 
ﬁnancial assets’). A ﬁnancial asset is 
‘credit-impaired’ when one or more 
events that have a detrimental impact 
on the estimated future cash ﬂows of 
the ﬁnancial asset have occurred.
- 
If the expected restructuring will not 
result in derecognition of the existing 
asset, then the expected cash ﬂows 
arising from the modiﬁed ﬁnancial 
asset are included in calculating the 
cash shortfalls from the existing 
asset;
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
174
120
f-120

--- Page 367 ---
Reversal of impairment
- 
For assets measured at amortised 
cost: If an event occurring after the 
impairment was recognised caused 
the amount of impairment loss to 
decrease, then the decrease in 
impairment loss is reversed through 
proﬁt or loss.
- 
For FVOCI debt securities: lf, in a 
subsequent period, the fair value of 
an impaired debt security increased 
and the increase could be related 
objectively to an event occurring 
after the impairment loss was 
recognised, then the impairment 
loss was reversed through proﬁt or 
loss; otherwise, any increase in fair 
value is recognised through OCI.
Write-off
In making an assessment of whether an 
investment in sovereign debt is credit-
impaired, the Corporation considers the 
following factors;
- 
The international support mecha-
nisms in place to provide the 
necessary support as ‘lender of last 
resort’ to that country, as well as the 
intention, reﬂected in public 
statements, of governments and 
agencies to use those mechanisms. 
This includes an assessment of the 
depth of those mechanisms and, 
irrespective of the political intent, 
whether there is the capacity to fulﬁl 
the required criteria.
- 
it is becoming probable that the 
borrower will enter bankruptcy or 
other ﬁnancial reorganisation; or
Evidence that a ﬁnancial asset is credit-
impaired includes the following 
observable data:
- 
The market’s assessment of 
creditworthiness as reﬂected in the 
bond yields.
- 
signiﬁcant ﬁnancial difﬁculty of the 
borrower or issuer;
- 
The probability of debt being 
restructured, resulting in holders 
suffering losses through voluntary or 
mandatory debt forgiveness.
- 
the disappearance of an active 
market for a security because of 
ﬁnancial difﬁculties. 
- 
a breach of contract such as a 
default or past due event;
- 
The rating agencies’ assessments of 
creditworthiness.
- 
The country’s ability to access the 
capital markets for new debt 
issuance.
A loan that has been renegotiated due 
to a deterioration in the borrower’s 
condition is usually considered to be 
credit impaired unless there is evidence 
that the risk of not receiving contractual 
cash ﬂows has reduced signiﬁcantly 
and there are no other indicators of 
impairment.
- 
the restructuring of a loan or 
advance by the Corporation on 
terms that the Corporation would 
not consider otherwise;
However, ﬁnancial assets that are written 
off could still be subject to enforcement 
activities in order to comply with the 
Corporation’s procedures for recovery of 
amounts due.
 
Presentation of allowance for ECL in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position
Loss allowances for ECL are presented in 
the statement of ﬁnancial position as 
follows:
- 
ﬁnancial assets measured at 
amortised cost: as a deduction from 
the gross carrying amount of the 
assets;
Loans and debt securities are written off 
(either partially or in full) when there is 
no realistic prospect of recovery. This is 
generally the case when the Corpora-
tion determines that the borrower does 
not have assets or sources of income 
that could generate sufﬁcient cash ﬂows 
to repay the amounts subject to the 
write-off.
Recoveries of amounts previously written 
off are included in ‘impairment losses on 
ﬁnancial instruments’ in the statement of 
comprehensive income.
- 
loan commitments and ﬁnancial 
guarantee contracts: generally, as a 
provision;
- 
where a ﬁnancial instrument 
includes both a drawn and an 
undrawn component, and the 
Corporation cannot identify the ECL 
on the loan commitment compo-
nent separately from those on the 
drawn component: the Corporation 
presents a combined loss allowance 
for both components. The combined 
amount is presented as a deduction 
from the gross carrying amount of 
the drawn component. Any excess 
of the loss allowance over the gross 
amount of the drawn component is 
presented as a provision; and
- 
debt instruments measured at 
FVOCI: no loss allowance is 
recognised in the statement of 
ﬁnancial position because the 
carrying amount of these assets is 
their fair value. However, the loss 
allowance is disclosed and is 
recognised in the fair value reserve 
in OCI.
Intangible assets not available for use 
and those that have an indeﬁnite useful 
life are not subject to amortisation and 
are tested annually for impairment. 
Other non-ﬁnancial assets are reviewed 
for impairment annually or whenever 
events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount may 
not be recoverable. An impairment loss 
is recognised for the amount by which 
the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its 
2.9  Impairment of non-ﬁnancial 
assets
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
175
121
f-121

--- Page 368 ---
- 
equity securities designated at 
FVOCI.
- 
Interest revenue using the effective 
interest rate
- 
Foreign exchange gains and losses.
- 
debt and equity securities 
mandatorily measured at FVTPL or 
designated at FVTPL, fair value 
changes are recognised immedi-
ately in proﬁt or loss
- 
debt securities initially measured at 
fair value plus incremental direct 
transaction costs and subsequently 
at amortised cost using the effective 
interest rate method
Investment securities include the 
following:
Loans and advances to banks are 
deposits held with other banks to 
facilitate correspondent banking 
relationships as well as manage the 
Corporation's liquidity and interest rate 
risks. These ﬁnancial assets measured at 
amortised cost using the effective 
interest rate method. At initial recogni-
tion they are recognised at fair value 
plus the incremental direct transaction 
costs.
recoverable amount. The recoverable 
amount is the higher of an asset’s fair 
value less costs to sell and value in use. 
For the purposes of assessing impair-
ment, assets are grouped at the lowest 
levels for which there are separately 
identiﬁable cash ﬂows (cash-generating 
units). The impairment test also can be 
performed on a single asset when the 
fair value less cost to sell or the value in 
use can be determined reliably. Non- 
ﬁnancial assets that suffered impairment 
are reviewed for possible reversal of the 
impairment at each reporting date.
- 
ECL and reversals
Cash and cash equivalents include 
notes and coins on hand and highly 
liquid ﬁnancial assets with original 
maturities of three months or less from 
the date of acquisition that are subject 
to an insigniﬁcant risk of changes in fair 
value, and are used by the Corporation 
in the management of its short-term 
commitments.
- 
debt securities measured at FVOCI, 
and ;
The Corporation elects to present 
changes in the fair value of certain 
investments in equity instruments that 
are not held for trading in OCI. 
2.10 Cash and cash equivalents
Depreciation is calculated using the 
straight-line method to allocate cost to 
residual value over estimated useful lives, 
as follows:
2.12 Investment securities 
2.11  Loans and advances to banks
 
 
For the debt securities measured at 
FVOCI, gains and losses are recognised 
in OCI, except for the following, which 
are recognised in proﬁt or loss in the 
same manner as for ﬁnancial assets 
measured at amortised cost:
When debt security measured at FVOCI 
is derecognised, the cumulative gain or 
loss previously recognised in OCI is 
reclassiﬁed from equity to proﬁt or loss.
All property and equipment are stated at 
historical cost less accumulated 
depreciation and impairment. Historical 
cost includes expenditure that is directly 
attributable to the acquisition of the 
items. Subsequent costs are included in 
the asset’s carrying amount or are 
recognised as a separate asset, as 
appropriate, only when it is probable 
that future economic beneﬁts associated 
with the item will ﬂow to the Corporation 
and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably. The carrying amount 
of the replaced part is derecognized. All 
other repairs and maintenance are 
charged to the statement of comprehen-
sive income during the ﬁnancial period 
in which they are incurred. Purchased 
software that is integral to the functional-
ity of the related equipment is capital-
ised as part of that equipment.
Fair value gains and losses on such 
equity instruments are never reclassiﬁed 
to proﬁt or loss and no impairment is 
recognised in proﬁt or loss. Dividends 
are recognised in proﬁt or loss unless 
they represent a recovery of part of the 
cost of the investment, in which case 
they are recognised in OCI. Cumulative 
gains and losses recognised in OCI are 
transferred to retained earnings on 
disposal of an investment.
2.13   Property, plant and equipment
The election is made on an instrument 
by instrument basis on initial recognition 
and is irrevocable.
Motor vehicles 
Straight line 
4 years
Item 
Depreciation Method 
Average useful life
Right of use assets 
Straight line 
25 years or over the 
 
 
period of the lease.
Ofﬁce furniture and equipment 
Straight line 
5 years
IT equipment 
Straight line 
3 years
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
176
122
f-122

--- Page 369 ---
The assets residual values and useful 
lives are reviewed, and adjusted if 
appropriate, at the end of each 
reporting period.
An asset’s carrying amount is written 
down immediately to its recoverable 
amount if the asset’s carrying amount is 
greater than its estimated recoverable 
amount. The recoverable amount is the 
higher of the asset’s fair value less costs 
to sell and value in use.
Gains and losses on disposal are 
determined by comparing proceeds 
with carrying amount. These are 
included in the statement of compre-
hensive income.
2.14   Employee Beneﬁts
Short-term employee beneﬁts
Short-term employee beneﬁts are 
expenses accrued as the related 
service is provided. Short-term employee 
beneﬁt obligations are measured on an 
undiscounted basis and are expensed 
as the related service is provided. A 
liability is recognised for the amount 
expected to be paid under short-term 
cash bonus plans if the Corporation has 
a present legal or constructive obliga-
tion to pay this amount as a result of 
past service provided by the employee 
and the obligation can be estimated 
reliably.
Other long-term employee beneﬁts
The calculation of the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligations is performed annually by a 
qualiﬁed actuary using the projected 
unit credit method. Where the calcula-
tion results in a potential asset for the 
Corporation, the recognized asset is 
limited to the present value of economic 
beneﬁts available in the form of any 
future refunds from the plan or reduc-
tions in future contributions to the plan. 
To calculate the present value of 
economic beneﬁts, consideration is 
given to any minimum applicable 
funding requirements.
The Corporation’s net obligation in 
respect of long-term employee beneﬁts 
is the amount of future beneﬁt that 
employees have earned in return for 
their service in the current and prior 
periods. That beneﬁt is discounted to 
determine its present value. 
Remeasurements are recognised in 
proﬁt or loss in the period in which they 
arise.
When the beneﬁts of a plan are 
changes or when a plan is curtailed, the 
resulting change in beneﬁt that relates 
to past service or the gain or loss on 
curtailment is recognized immediately in 
proﬁt or loss. The Corporation recognizes 
gains or losses on the settlement of the 
deﬁned beneﬁt plan when the 
settlement occurs.
Where there are a number of similar 
obligations, the likelihood that an 
outﬂow will be required in settlement is 
determined by considering the class of 
obligations as a whole. A provision is 
recognised even if the likelihood of an 
outﬂow with respect to any one item 
included in the same class of obliga-
tions is small.
 
 
The Corporation established a deﬁned 
contributory pension scheme in 2012. 
This is a pension plan under which the 
Corporation pays ﬁxed contributions 
(7.5% of annual basic salary) and 
employees contribute a minimum of 5% 
of their annual basic salary into a 
separate entity. The Corporation has no 
legal or constructive obligations to pay 
further contributions if the fund does not 
hold sufﬁcient assets to pay all 
employees the beneﬁts relating to 
employee service in the current and 
prior periods. The contributions are 
recognised as employee beneﬁt 
expense in the statement of compre-
hensive income when they fall due.
Post-employment employee beneﬁts
The Corporation commenced an End of 
Service scheme for its employees in 
2021, the attainment of this beneﬁt is 
conditional for employees that serve 
meritoriously till attainment of their 
contract term limit, normal retirement 
age, or resignation after a minimum 
service period. The Corporation’s net 
obligation in respect of its deﬁned 
beneﬁt plans is calculated separately by 
estimating the amount of future beneﬁt 
that the employees have earned in the 
current period and prior periods, 
discounting that amount to present 
value.
2.15    Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the 
Corporation has a present legal or 
constructive obligation as a result of 
past events; it is probable that an 
outﬂow of resources will be required to 
settle the obligation; and the amount 
can be reliably estimated. Provisions are 
not recognised for future operating 
losses.
 
Provisions are measured at the present 
value of the expenditures expected to 
Deﬁned contribution plan
Deﬁned beneﬁt plan
Remeasurements of the net deﬁned 
beneﬁt liability which comprise the 
actuarial gains/losses and the returns 
on plan assets are recognized immedi-
ately in OCI. The Corporation determines 
the net interest expense (income) for 
the period by applying the discount rate 
used to measure the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation at the beginning of the 
annual period to the net deﬁned beneﬁt 
liability (asset) taking into account any 
changes in the net deﬁned beneﬁt 
liability (asset) during the period as a 
result of contributions and beneﬁt 
payments. Net interest expense and 
other expenses related to deﬁned 
beneﬁt plans are recognized in proﬁt or 
loss.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
177
123
f-123

--- Page 370 ---
Financial Report
Dividend income is recognised when 
the right to receive income is estab-
lished. Usually, this is the ex-dividend 
date for quoted equity securities. 
Dividends are presented in "dividend 
income" in the statement of proﬁt and 
loss.
2.22 Dividend income
Dividend payments on ordinary shares 
are charged to equity in the period in 
which they are declared.
Net gain/(loss) from ﬁnancial instru-
ments at FVTPL relates to non-trading 
derivatives held for risk management 
purposes that do not form part of 
qualifying hedging relationships, 
ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities 
designated as at FVTPL and also non-
trading assets mandatorily measured at 
FVTPL. The line item includes fair value 
changes, foreign exchange differences 
and income earned from other 
transactions with investee entities.
2.24 Intangible assets
- 
unfunded risk participation 
arrangements are used in interna-
tional trade. They are transactions 
whereby the Corporation does not 
fund the participation amount 
unless such facility is in default;
Intangible assets comprise separately 
identiﬁable items arising from computer 
software licenses.
2.19 Fair value reserve
2.18 Retained earnings
 
- 
and loan commitments which are 
amounts yet to be disbursed to loan 
customers.
 
 
2.21 Contingent liabilities, 
guarantees and commitments
Retained earnings comprise the 
undistributed proﬁts from previous 
periods which have not been reclassi-
ﬁed to any speciﬁed reserves.
2.20 Dividend payment
Contingent liabilities, guarantees and 
commitments comprise of equity and 
debt commitments and are accounted 
for as off- balance sheet transactions 
and disclosed as contingent liabilities.
Equity commitments are commitments 
made by the Corporation to provide 
equity ﬁnancing to investee companies.
2.23 Net (loss)/gain on ﬁnancial 
instruments at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss (FVTPL)
Guarantees are ﬁnancial contracts that 
require the issuer to make speciﬁc 
payments to reimburse the holder for a 
loss incurred if the speciﬁed debtor fails 
to make a payment in accordance with 
the terms of the original or modiﬁed 
terms of the debt instrument. They are 
measured at fair value initially and 
subsequently are recorded at higher of 
the loss allowance determined and the 
premium amount initially recognised 
less income recognised in accordance 
with IFRS 15.
Debt commitments comprise:
Comprises fair value movements on 
ﬁnancial assets measured at fair value 
with fair value changes recognised in 
other comprehensive income.
2.17 Share capital
 
2.16 Borrowings 
 
Dividends on ordinary shares are 
recognised in equity in the year in 
which they are approved by the 
Corporation’s shareholders. 
be required to settle the obligation 
using a pretax rate that reﬂects current 
market assessments of the time value of 
money and the risks speciﬁc to the 
obligation. The increase in the provision 
due to passage of time is recognised as 
interest expense.
Impairment on loan commitments and 
ﬁnancial guarantee contracts are 
recognised as provisions. Please refer to 
note 2.8 for a description of the 
presentation of allowances for impair-
ment in the statement of ﬁnancial 
position.
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair 
value, being their issue proceeds (fair 
value of consideration received) net of 
transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are 
subsequently stated at amortised cost; 
any difference between proceeds net of 
transaction costs and the redemption 
value is recognised in the statement of 
comprehensive income over the period 
of the borrowing using the effective 
interest method. Where the Corporation 
designates certain borrowings upon 
initial recognition as at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss (fair value option); this 
designation cannot be changed 
subsequently.
a) Share issue costs 
 
Incremental costs directly attribut-
able to the issue of new shares or 
options are shown in equity as a 
deduction from the proceeds.
b) Share premium 
 
Premiums from the issue of shares 
are reported in share premium that is 
where the price paid for acquiring 
shares of the Corporation is higher 
than the nominal amount of each 
share.
c) Dividends on ordinary shares
d) Treasury shares 
 
e
 
) Share warrants 
 
Where the Corporation purchases its 
equity shares, the consideration paid 
is deducted from total shareholders’ 
equity as treasury shares until they 
are cancelled. Where such shares 
are subsequently sold or re-issued, 
any consideration received is 
included in shareholders’ equity. 
 
Share warrants issued by the 
Corporation are only redeemable at 
the option of the issuer and bear an 
entitlement to returns at the discre-
tion of the Corporation. Accordingly, 
they are presented within equity. 
Distributions thereon are recognised 
in equity.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
178
124
f-124

--- Page 371 ---
- 
amounts expected to be payable 
under a residual value guarantee; 
and
The Corporation determines its incre-
mental borrowing rate by analysing its 
borrowings from various external sources 
and makes certain adjustments to 
reﬂect the terms of the lease and type of 
asset leased.
Lease payments included in the 
measurement of the lease liability 
comprise the following:
The lease liability is measured at 
amortised cost using the effective 
interest method. It is remeasured when 
there is a change in future lease 
payments arising from a change in an 
index or rate, if there is a change in the 
Corporation's estimate of the amount 
expected to be payable under a 
residual value guarantee, if the Corpora-
tion changes its assessment of whether 
it will exercise a purchase, extension or 
termination option or if there is a revised 
in-substance ﬁxed lease payment.
- 
ﬁxed payments, including in-
substance ﬁxed payments;
- 
variable lease payments that 
depend on an index or a rate, 
initially measured using the index or 
rate as at the commencement date;
- 
the exercise price under a purchase 
option that the Corporation is 
reasonably certain to exercise, lease 
payments in an optional renewal 
period if the Corporation is reason-
ably certain to exercise an extension 
option, and penalties for early 
termination of a lease unless the 
Corporation is reasonably certain 
not to terminate early.
When the lease liability is remeasured in 
this way, a corresponding adjustment is 
made to the carrying amount of the 
right- of-use asset, or is recorded in proﬁt 
or loss if the carrying amount of the 
right-of-use asset has been reduced to 
zero.
Software acquired by the Corporation is 
measured at cost less accumulated 
amortisation and any accumulated 
impairment losses.
Expenditure on internally developed 
software is recognised as an asset when 
the Corporation is able to demonstrate: 
that the product is technically feasible, 
its intention and ability to complete the 
development and use the software in a 
manner that will generate future 
economic beneﬁts, and that it can 
reliably measure the costs to complete 
the development. The capitalised costs 
of internally developed software include 
all costs directly attributable to develop-
ing the software and capitalised 
borrowing costs, and are amortised over 
its useful life. Internally developed 
software is stated at capitalised cost less 
accumulated amortisation and any 
accumulated impairment losses.
Subsequent expenditure on software 
assets is capitalised only when it 
increases the future economic beneﬁts 
embodied in the speciﬁc asset to which 
it relates. All other expenditure is 
expensed as incurred.
Software is amortised on a straight-line 
basis in proﬁt or loss over its estimated 
useful life, from the date on which it is 
available for use. The estimated useful 
life of software for the current and 
comparative periods is three years.
2.25 Earnings per share (EPS)
The Corporation presents basic and 
diluted EPS data for its ordinary shares. 
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the 
proﬁt or loss that is attributable to 
ordinary shareholders of the Corpora-
tion by the weighted average number of 
ordinary shares outstanding during the 
period. Diluted EPS is calculated by 
dividing the proﬁt or loss attributable to 
ordinary shareholders of the Corpora-
tion by the weighted average number of 
shares outstanding during the year plus 
the weighted average number of shares 
that would be issued on the conversion 
of the share warrants outstanding, 
during the period.
2.26 Leases
Corporation acting as a lessee
The Corporation recognises a right-of-
use asset and a lease liability at the 
lease commencement date. The right-
of-use asset is initially measured at cost, 
which comprises the initial amount of 
the lease liability adjusted for any lease 
payments made at or before the 
commencement date, plus any initial 
direct costs incurred and an estimate of 
costs to dismantle and remove any 
improvements made to the ofﬁce 
premises.
The lease liability is initially measured at 
the present value of the lease payments 
that are not paid at the commence-
ment date, discounted using the interest 
rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate 
cannot be readily determined, the 
Corporation’s incremental borrowing 
rate. Generally, the Corporation uses its 
incremental borrowing rate as the 
discount rate.
Amortisation methods, useful lives and 
residual values are reviewed at each 
reporting date and adjusted if appropri-
ate.
At inception of a contract, the Corpora-
tion assesses whether a contract is, or 
contains, a lease. A contract is, or 
contains, a lease if the contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an 
identiﬁed asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration.
The right-of-use asset is subsequently 
depreciated using the straight-line 
method from the commencement date 
to the end of the lease term. In addition, 
the right-of-use asset is periodically 
reduced by impairment losses, if any, 
and adjusted for certain 
remeasurements of the lease liability.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
179
125
f-125

--- Page 372 ---
Non-current assets, or disposal groups 
comprising assets and liabilities, are 
classiﬁed as held-for-sale if it is highly 
probable that they will be recovered 
primarily through sale rather than 
through continuing use. In order to be 
classiﬁed as held for sale, the asset must 
be available for immediate sale in its 
present condition subject only to terms 
that are usual and customary and the 
sale must be highly probable.
When the Corporation acts as a lessor, it 
determines at lease inception whether 
the lease is a ﬁnance lease or an 
operating lease.
 
Such assets, or disposal groups, are 
generally measured at the lower of their 
carrying amount and fair value less 
costs to sell. Any impairment loss on 
disposal is allocated ﬁrst to goodwill, 
and then to the remaining assets and 
liabilities on a pro rata basis, except that 
no loss is allocated to inventories, 
ﬁnancial assets, deferred tax assets, 
employee beneﬁt assets, investment 
property or biological assets, which 
continue to the measured in accor-
dance with the Corporation's other 
accounting policies.
 
 
At inception or on modiﬁcation of a 
contract that contains a lease compo-
nent, the Corporation allocates the 
consideration in the contract to each 
lease component on the basis of their 
relative stand-alone selling prices.
2.27  Non-current assets held for sale
Ÿ
Represents a separate major line of 
business or geographic area of 
operations 
2.28 Discontinued operation
Corporation acting as a lessor
To classify each lease, the Corporation 
makes an overall assessment of whether 
the lease transfers substantially all of the 
risks and rewards incidental to ownership 
of the underlying asset. If this is the case, 
then the lease is a ﬁnance lease; if not, 
then it is an operating lease. As part of 
this assessment, the Corporation 
considers certain indicators such as 
whether the lease is for the major part of 
the economic life of the asset.
The Corporation presents right-of-use 
assets in ‘property and equipment’ and 
lease liabilities in ‘other liabilities’ in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position.
The Corporation applies the 
derecognition and impairment require-
ments in IFRS 9 to the net investment in 
the lease. The Corporation further 
regularly reviews estimated unguaran-
teed residual values used in calculating 
the gross investment in the lease.
Impairment losses on initial recognition 
are recognized in proﬁt or loss. Once 
classiﬁed as held-for sale, intangible 
assets and property and equipment are 
no longer amortised or depreciated, 
and any equity accounted investee is 
no longer equity accounted.
When the Corporation acquires a 
subsidiary exclusively with a view to 
resell, it is accounted for as held for sale 
and consolidated using the short cut 
method under by IFRS 5. Initially, the 
Corporation measures the identiﬁable 
liabilities and the acquired assets at fair 
value. At the reporting period, the 
Corporation measures the disposal 
group at the lower of its cost and fair 
value less cost to sell and the assets 
and liabilities are recognised separately 
in the statement of ﬁnancial position. In 
the statement of comprehensive 
income, the Corporation discloses a 
separate line for the loss on discontin-
ued operations. Further analysis of the 
assets and liabilities is not required and 
no further disclosures are made.
A discontinued operation is a compo-
nent of the Corporation’s business, the 
operations and cashﬂows of which can 
be clearly distinguished from the rest of 
the Corporation and which:
Ÿ
Is part of a single co-ordinated plan 
to dispose of a separate major line 
of business or geographic area of 
operations; or
Is a subsidiary exclusively acquired with 
a view to resell.
Classiﬁcation as a discontinued 
operation occurs at the earlier of 
disposal or when the operation meets 
the criteria to be classiﬁed as held-for-
sale.
When an operation is classiﬁed as a 
discontinued operation, the compara-
tive statement of proﬁt or loss and OCI is 
re- presented as if the operation had 
been discontinued from the start of the 
comparative year. 
2.29 Asset under management
These are portfolio investments 
managed by a designated Asset 
Management Company on a fair value 
basis. Changes in fair value are 
recognised in proﬁt or loss net of 
management fees of the portfolio 
manager.
2.30 Segment reporting
An operating segment is a component 
of the Corporation that engages in 
business activities from which it may earn 
revenues and incur expenses, including 
revenues and expenses relating to 
transactions with any of the Corpora-
tion's components, whose operating 
results are regularly reviewed by the 
Corporation's President/CEO (Chief 
Operating Decision Maker CODM) to 
make decisions on resource allocation 
and performance and for which discrete 
ﬁnancial information is available.
Segment results are reported to the 
Corporation's CODM, include items that 
are directly attributable to a segment as 
well as those that can be allocated on a 
reasonable basis.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
180
126
f-126

--- Page 373 ---
3.  Financial Risk 
Management
The principal collateral types accept-
able to the Corporation are: commercial 
properties; charges over business assets 
such as premises, inventory and plant 
and machinery; ﬁnancial instruments 
such as debt securities, and guarantees 
received from third parties. The 
Corporation maintains appetite 
guidelines on the acceptability of 
speciﬁc classes of collateral. Collateral 
held as security for ﬁnancial assets other 
than loans and advances is determined 
by the nature of the underlying 
exposure. Debt securities, including 
treasury, bonds and other bills are 
generally unsecured. Collateral is 
generally not held against loans and 
advances to banks/placements; 
however, securities are held as part of 
reverse repurchase or securities 
borrowing transactions or where a 
collateral agreement has been entered 
into under a master netting agreement.
The Corporation operates a multi-
layered risk management governance 
structure, with the Board of Directors at 
its apex, exercising and assuming 
ultimate authority and responsibility for 
the Corporation's risk management. 
Other layers in the risk management 
governance structure are: (i) the Board 
Risk and Investment Committee (BRIC), 
responsible for oversight and approval 
of risk policies, and credit approvals 
above management's authority levels; 
(ii) Executive Management Committee 
(EXCO), responsible for review of 
investment proposals, and exercise of 
management's delegated authority for 
investment approvals; (iii) Management 
Risk Committee, responsible for the risk 
policy review and implementation; (iv) 
Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO), 
responsible for monitoring and manage-
ment of the Corporation’s liquidity and 
interest rate risks; (v) Risk Management 
Department, responsible for risk policy 
development, management and 
monitoring; and (vi) Business Units, 
responsible for the creation and 
management of risk assets.
In managing those risks, Risk 
Management’s independence and 
accountability is sustained by the Chief 
Risk Ofﬁcer’s direct reporting line to both 
the President & CEO and to the 
Chairman of the Board Risk and 
Investment Committee and the Policy 
requires the Chief Risk Ofﬁcer’s 
afﬁrmative vote before a transaction can 
be approved.
In order to regularly monitor the risks in 
the Corporation’s portfolio, Risk 
Management generates a number of 
reports, including a Daily Risk Report for 
the Executive Management Committee 
(EXCO) and a Portfolio Risk Dashboard 
for each meeting of the BRIC. In addition 
to these reports, Risk Management also 
provides independent risk assessment to 
transaction monitoring reports, which 
are prepared by the Business Originators 
on a quarterly basis.
The Corporation's business philosophy 
recognises that risks are an inevitable 
consequence of being in business. The 
Corporation’s aim, therefore, is not to 
eliminate all risks, but to design policies, 
processes and procedures that will 
enable it achieve an appropriate 
balance between risk and return. The 
Corporation believes that a strong risk 
management function is key to its 
successful long-term operations.
Although, in the case of treasury 
investments and corporate lending 
transactions, the Corporation can lend 
unsecured, almost all of the 
Corporation’s loans, which are largely 
project and corporate ﬁnancing and 
asset-backed structured trade are 
secured by collateral. Because many of 
the Corporation’s project lending 
transactions are bespoke, the collateral 
package is tailored to the individual 
project. The requirement for collateral 
and the type to be taken at origination 
will be based upon the nature of the 
transaction and the credit quality, size 
and structure of the borrower. The 
Corporation will often require the 
collateral to include a ﬁrst charge over 
land and buildings owned and 
occupied by the business, a debenture 
over one or more of the assets of a 
company, personal guarantees from the 
directors of a company. 
The Corporation manages its ﬁnancial 
risks through policies approved by the 
BRIC, and these are reviewed periodi-
cally. The policies also provide parame-
ters and guidelines as to the 
Corporation's risk appetite, the approval 
process in respect of transactions, and 
how transactions are monitored and 
managed, in respect of any changes in 
the risk proﬁle.
Derivative transactions with ﬁnancial 
counterparties are typically 
collateralised under a Credit Support 
Annex (CSA), in conjunction with the 
International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA) Master Agreement. 
Derivative transactions with non-ﬁnancial 
customers are not usually supported by 
a CSA. The Corporation considers risk 
concentrations by collateral providers 
with a view to ensuring that any 
potential undue concentrations of risk 
are identiﬁed and suitably managed. 
Generally, the concentration of collateral 
follows a similar pattern as the geo-
However, some collateral requirements 
are generic, including domiciliation of 
contract proceeds and the proceeds of 
off-take agreements, assignment of all 
insurance and reinsurance proceeds, 
charge over the Collections Account 
and Debt Service Reserve Account and 
pledges or liens over physical assets. In 
the case of asset-backed trade related 
transactions, the collateral is a mix of 
product ﬁnanced, cash or receivables.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
181
127
f-127

--- Page 374 ---
The Credit Risk Acceptance Criteria 
refers to the set of terms and conditions 
to be met before an investment is 
accepted into the Corporation’s 
portfolio. These include speciﬁc industry, 
ﬁnancial, managerial and competitive 
benchmarks that proposed investments 
must meet before they are considered 
for the Corporation's credit exposures. 
The risk appetite is determined by the 
Board of Directors, with delegated 
authority to BRIC and EXCO. The 
Corporation has a policy that only the 
entity that sets a limit or condition may 
amend the limit. For example, EXCO 
may only decrease limits but not 
increase limits set by the higher 
authorities of BRIC and the Board due to 
evolving market conditions. While the 
Board, or BRIC may increase or 
decrease limits set by EXCO. The Board 
speciﬁes that risk appetite is consistent 
with the Corporation’s rating, and 
eclipsed by the Corporation’s capital.
The credit risk management includes a 
governance structure for the manage-
ment of credit risk at the Corporation. 
This multi-layered structure has, at its 
apex, the Board of Directors, with other 
bodies being the BRIC, the EXCO, the 
Management Investment Committee 
(INVESTCO), the Management Risk 
Committee (RISKCO), and the Risk 
Management Unit (RMU). The Chief Risk 
Ofﬁcer has the authority to terminate a 
transaction from proceeding in the 
investment approval process.
The most important types of risks faced 
by the Corporation are credit risk, market 
risk, and liquidity risk. These individual 
sources of risk and how the Corporation 
manages them are described in more 
detail below.
3.1 Credit Risk 
The Corporation takes on exposures to 
credit risk, which is the risk of ﬁnancial 
loss as a result of a failure by a client or 
counterparty to meet its contractual 
obligation to the Corporation. The 
Corporation has two principal sources of 
credit risk:
(i) credit risk on its loans and invest-
ments; and (ii) counterparty credit risk 
on its portfolio of treasury investments 
which include money market deals and 
other debt securities. The Corporation’s 
credit risks are managed within a 
framework of credit policies, guidelines 
and processes, which are described in 
more detail below:
3.1.1 Project and Investment
Credit Risk
The Corporation has developed a 
comprehensive Credit Risk Management 
Policy (CRMP) that details its risk 
philosophy and metrics. The CRMP 
deﬁnes the level and type of credit 
exposures that the Corporation is 
prepared to accept in order to achieve 
its business goals and objectives. It 
deﬁnes the Corporation’s risk appetite 
along three key metrics; Capital 
Adequacy Framework, Exposure Limits 
Framework and Credit Risk Acceptance 
criteria.
In order to manage the risk of portfolio 
concentration, the Corporation has limits 
approved by the BRIC in respect of 
Countries, Sectors (e.g. Power, Natural 
Resources, etc.), Single Obligor and 
Sector Single Obligor.
graphical and sectoral split of the 
Corporation’s portfolio of loans and 
advances to customers.
The Corporation's Capital Adequacy 
Framework creates a quantiﬁable link 
between the risks assumed and the 
amount of risk capital required to 
support those risks. The capital ade-
quacy framework ensures that the 
Corporation holds adequate levels of 
capital to support its investment 
operations.
The Corporation uses the Exposure 
Limits Framework to manage its 
exposures to individual and group credit 
risks. The objective is to ensure that the 
Corporation avoids excessive portfolio 
concentration either in single projects or 
groups of projects, or in particular 
sectors that could be simultaneously 
affected by similar exogenous events. 
The Exposure Limits Framework deﬁnes 
the limits of risk exposures in relation to a 
single borrower or groups of borrowers, 
to industry sectors and to individual 
countries. The limits are recommended 
by management and approved by 
BRIC.
The Corporation has developed models 
to support the quantiﬁcation of credit 
risk. These rating and scoring models are 
in use for all key credit portfolios and 
3.1.2  Counterparty Credit Risk
The Corporation invests its liquid assets in 
different ﬁnancial instruments to generate 
income. These ﬁnancial instruments 
involve, to some degree, the risk that the 
counterparty to the transaction may be 
unable to meet its obligation to the 
Corporation when it falls due. The 
Corporation manages this counterparty 
risk by executing transactions within a 
prudent framework of approved 
counterparties, counterparty credit rating 
standards and counterparty risk 
exposures limits. The risk exposure limit for 
each counterparty is a function of the 
counterparty's credit rating and its 
shareholders’ funds (unimpaired by 
losses). The risk limits are proposed by the 
Risk Management Division and approved 
by the Executive Management 
Committee.
The estimation of credit exposure is 
complex and requires the use of models, 
as the value of a product varies with 
changes in market variables, expected 
cash ﬂows and the passage of time. The 
assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of 
assets entails further estimations as to 
the likelihood of defaults occurring, of 
the associated loss ratios and of default 
correlations between counterparties.
3.1.3 Assessing Credit Risk
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
182
128
f-128

--- Page 375 ---
form the basis for measuring default risks. 
In measuring credit risk of loan and 
advances at a counterparty level, the 
Corporation considers three compo-
nents: (i) the ‘probability of default’ (PD) 
by the client or counterparty on its 
contractual obligations; (ii) current 
exposures to the counterparty and its 
likely future development, from which the 
Corporation derive the ‘exposure at 
default’ (EAD); and (iii) the likely recovery 
ratio on the defaulted obligations (the 
‘loss given default’) (LGD). The models 
are reviewed regularly to monitor their 
robustness relative to actual perfor-
mance and amended as necessary to 
optimise their effectiveness.
3.1.4 Risk Limit Control and
Mitigation Policies
The Corporation manages, limits and 
controls concentrations of credit risk 
wherever they are identiﬁed- in particular, 
to individual counterparties and 
corporations, and to industries and 
countries. The Corporation structures the 
levels of credit risk it undertakes by 
placing limits on the amount of risk 
accepted in relation to one borrower, or 
group of borrowers, and to geographical 
and industry segments. Such risks are 
monitored on a revolving basis and 
subject to an annual or more frequent 
review, when considered necessary. 
Limits on the level of credit risk by 
product, industry sector and country are 
approved by the BRIC.
3.1.6 Credit quality analysis
General Risk Rating Process
Investment risk rating and acceptance 
criteria represent a vital aspect of the 
Corporation’s risk appetite deﬁnition 
process. Before credit risk can be 
managed, it must ﬁrst be identiﬁed and 
measured. A 10-point credit risk rating 
methodology with 23 notches, from “1” 
(excellent, very low risk) to “10” (expected 
loss, very high risk) is applied by the 
Corporation. The methodology encom-
passes the analysis of a client’s funda-
mental ﬁnancial strength, adjusted with 
obligor risk control factors, and further 
adjusted by facility risk control factors. 
The risk rating process measures the 
expected loss of a credit facility over its 
tenor and it integrates assessments of 
Investment Securities: 
 
 
-  Advance for investment 
 
 
- 
14,700
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
 
2,498,904 
1,684,408
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
263,391 
184,370
- Placements with banks 
 
 
1,371,103 
1,372,568
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maximum Exposure
Balances with banks 
 
 
6,681 
122,639
-  Trade ﬁnance loans 
 
 
690,181 
546,939
-  Debt securities 
 
 
307,132 
538,070
 
  
 
  
 
 
2023 
2022
-  Corporate debt securities 
 
 
397,215 
330,327
-  Government debt securities 
 
 
3,349,127 
2,537,313
-  Asset under management (debt securities) 
 
 
22,248 
19,837
Pledged Assets: 
 
 
-  Corporate debt securities 
 
 
336,382 
330,577
Other assets: 
 
 
3.1.5 Maximum exposure to credit risk
 
  
 
  
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
 
Loan and advances to other customers: 
 
-  Project ﬁnance loans 
 
 
3,593,111 
3,065,325
Loan and advances to banks: 
 
-  Government debt securities 
 
 
184,657 
280,632
-  Account receivable 
 
 
14,973 
39,854
-  Fee receivable 
 
 
8,875 
12,325
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
10,545,076 
9,395,476
The above table represents a worst-case scenario of credit risk exposure faced by Corporation as at the 
reporting dates without taking account of any collateral held or other credit enhancements attached. 
The exposures are based on net carrying amounts as reported in the statement of ﬁnancial position.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
183
129
f-129

--- Page 376 ---
the probability of default, the exposure at 
default, and the loss given default of the 
facility. The 10-point risk rating scale is 
further collapsed into ﬁve generic risk 
classes, of “very low risk (excellent)”, “low 
risk (strong)”, “moderate risk (good)”, 
“high risk (fair/marginal)”, and “very high 
risk (special attention)”. Generally, 
transactions rated “5” (acceptable, high 
risk) or better would be considered for 
ﬁnancing by the Corporation.
The risk ratings are a primary tool in the 
review and decision making in the credit 
process and ratings are reviewed 
quarterly for each obligor or when credit 
sensitive information is received. The 
integrity of the Corporation’s portfolio 
management process is dependent on 
accurate and timely risk ratings. 
Deterioration in credit risks is quickly 
identiﬁed and communicated to 
facilitate prompt action. Ratings are also 
reviewed as a result of expectation of 
credit weaknesses. After disbursement, 
monitoring phase of each investment 
commences. A quarterly monitoring 
report is prepared for each investment; 
this report is reviewed by Risk 
Management and presented to the 
Management Investment Committee. 
The monitoring report acts as an early 
warning signal for closer monitoring of 
credits with a higher probability of facing 
stress in the short to medium term.
deterioration of quality/value of 
Ÿ
collateral
ratings downgrade;
Ÿ
Credit Rating of Counterparty/Obligor
Counterparties are subject to the 
Corporation's internal rating process as 
part of its credit approval and review 
process. All risk rating processes are 
reviewed and validated periodically to 
ensure relevance to business realities, 
and relate to loans and advances to 
customers, loans and advances to 
banks, and investment securities. External 
ratings may also be obtained where 
such is available. There were no changes 
to the risk rating process in the ﬁnancial 
year. The Corporation's risk rating buckets 
and deﬁnitions are as highlighted below:
The internal credit risk rating bucket has 
been calibrated to rating grades of 
international credit rating agencies. Our 
credit grades are not intended to 
replicate external credit grades (where 
these are available), and ratings 
assigned by external rating agencies are 
not used in determining our internal 
credit grades. Nonetheless, as the factors 
used to grade a borrower may be similar, 
a borrower rated poorly by an external 
rating agency is typically assigned a 
worse internal credit grade.
In the event that an asset goes into 
default, an interdepartmental team 
comprising of Risk Management, Risk 
Assurance, Portfolio Management and 
Legal would collaborate with other 
lenders or sponsors to maximize recovery. 
This team will give a weekly update on 
recovery efforts to Management. A 
default would also lead to prevention of 
further drawdown while steps are taken 
to recover the outstanding balance 
and/or realise collaterals.
non-compliance with loan cove-
Ÿ
nants; and
missed payments;
Ÿ
Deterioration in credit risk is identiﬁed 
based on factors such as:
Risk Buckets and Definition
 
Moderate Risk 
BB to B- 
2.90 - 4.00 
Fair 
 
Low to Moderate Risk 
BB+ to BB- 
2.00 - 2.60 
Good 
 
High Risk 
CCC+ to CCC 
5.00 – 6.00 
Marginal 
 
Very Low Risk 
AAA to A- 
1.00 – 1.60 
Excellent 
 
Low Risk 
BBB+ to BBB- 
1.70 – 1.90 
Strong 
 
Description 
Rating bucket 
Range of scores 
Risk range description
 
Very High Risk 
CCC- to D 
7.00 - 10.00 
Special attention  
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
184
130
f-130

--- Page 377 ---
2023 
2022 
The credit quality of the Corporation's ﬁnancial assets with exposure to credit risk that are neither past due nor impaired is 
detailed below:
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 
31 December 
Investment grade (AAA to BBB-) 
 
 
3,850,812 
3,273,343
 
 
 
 
 
 
7,565,214 
6,343,874
Counterparties with international credit rating (S&P, Fitch, Moody’s)
Counterparties without international credit ratings
Group 1  
 
 
 
554,627 
237,021
Group 2  
 
 
 
2,367,774 
2,756,894
Total unimpaired nor past due loans, advances and debt securities 
 
 
10,487,615 
9,337,789
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,922,401 
2,993,915
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Total unimpaired nor past due ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
10,487,615 
9,337,789
Group 1 – New customers/related parties (less than 6 months). 
 
 
 
 
Group 2 – Existing customers/related parties (more than 6 months) with no defaults in the past. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Others (BB+, BB, BB-, B+, B, B-) 
 
 
3,714,402 
3,070,531
Balances with banks at amortised cost:
Using the Corporation's internal credit rating, the credit quality of ﬁnancial assets measured at amortised cost exposed to credit 
risk is detailed below: 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amount 
6,681 
- 
- 
6,681 
-  
Strong 
 
5,315 
- 
- 
5,315
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
US$'000
2023 
 
 
  
 
 
-  
Excellent  
83,795 
- 
- 
83,795
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
-  
Strong 
 
21,473 
- 
- 
21,473
-  
Good 
 
17,371 
- 
- 
17,371
Gross carrying amount 
122,639 
- 
- 
122,639
-  
Excellent  
848 
- 
- 
848
-  
Good 
 
518 
- 
- 
518
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Loss allowance 
- 
- 
- 
-
Carrying amount 
122,639 
- 
- 
122,639
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
- 
- 
- 
-
Gross carrying amount 
6,681 
- 
- 
6,681
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
185
131
f-131

--- Page 378 ---
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
186
132
f-132

--- Page 379 ---
Gross carrying amount 
526,550 
41,790 
- 
568,340
 
 
 
 
510,736 
36,203 
- 
546,939
Carrying amount 
3,156,772 
397,805 
57,687 
3,612,264
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
-  
Fair  
 
285,754 
- 
- 
285,754
Gross carrying amount 
2,723,871 
387,562 
125,576 
3,237,009
-  
Strong 
 
128,414 
- 
- 
128,414
-  
Good 
 
523,161 
- 
- 
523,161
-  
Good 
 
1,601,129 
- 
- 
1,601,129
Loss allowance 
(77,835) 
(25,960) 
(67,889) 
(171,684)
Project ﬁnance  
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
  
 
 
 
2,646,036 
361,602 
57,687 
3,065,325
-  
Marginal  
463,144 
387,562 
- 
850,706
-  
Default  
- 
- 
125,576 
125,576
-  
Strong 
 
3,027 
- 
- 
3,027
-  
Special attention 
- 
- 
- 
-
Trade ﬁnance  
 
 
 
 
-  
Fair  
 
362 
- 
- 
362
-  
Marginal  
- 
41,790 
- 
41,790
-  
Excellent  
245,430 
- 
- 
245,430
Loss allowance 
(15,814) 
(5,587) 
- 
(21,401)
Gross loans to other customers 
3,250,421 
429,352 
125,576 
3,805,349
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following table sets out information about the overdue status of loans and advances to customers in Stages 1, 2 and 3. 
 
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost – gross carrying amount
Overdue > 180 days 
- 
- 
93,505 
93,505
Total 
 
 
4,042,770 
350,443 
125,356 
4,518,569
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
Current  
 
3,250,421 
429,352 
- 
3,679,773
Overdue 30 - 90 days 
- 
- 
- 
-
Overdue 90 - 180 days 
- 
- 
- 
-
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
Total 
 
 
3,250,421 
429,352 
125,576 
3,805,349
Current  
 
4,042,770 
350,443 
31,851 
4,425,064
Overdue 90 - 180 days 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
Overdue 30 - 90 days 
- 
- 
- 
-
Overdue > 180 days 
- 
- 
125,576 
125,576
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$'000  
 
 
2023 
 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
187
133
f-133

--- Page 380 ---
Investment securities at amortised cost:
-  
Strong 
 
20,175 
- 
- 
20,175
-  
Fair  
 
101,261 
- 
- 
101,261
 
 
 
 
330,327 
- 
- 
330,327
-  
Excellent  
- 
- 
- 
-
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
1,040,820 
- 
- 
1,040,820
 
 
 
 
2,538,387 
20,038 
- 
2,558,425
 
 
 
 
2,518,087 
19,226 
- 
2,537,313
-  
Excellent  
2,108,533 
- 
- 
2,108,533
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
- 
Fair  
 
215,148 
- 
- 
215,148
-  
Good 
 
4,013 
- 
- 
4,013
 
 
 
 
3,349,128 
- 
- 
3,349,128
-  
Strong 
 
- 
- 
- 
-
- 
 Good 
 
39,241 
- 
- 
39,241
Loss allowance 
(21,470) 
- 
- 
(21,470)
Carrying amount 
3,746,342 
- 
- 
3,746,342
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt securities 
 
 
 
 
418,684 
- 
- 
418,684
 
 
 
 
397,214 
- 
- 
397,214 
 
  
 
 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total
-  
Marginal  
208,423 
- 
- 
208,423
Government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
-  
Special attention 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
3,374,482 
- 
- 
3,374,482
 
 
 
 
348,925 
- 
- 
348,925
Corporate debt securities 
 
 
 
 
-  
Strong 
 
- 
- 
- 
-
US$'000  
 
 
2023 
 
 
-  
Marginal  
136,568 
- 
- 
136,568
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
66,968 
- 
- 
66,968
-  
Special attention 
- 
- 
- 
-
-  
Fair  
 
1,241,761 
- 
- 
1,241,761
Loss allowance 
(25,354) 
- 
- 
(25,354)
-  
Excellent  
- 
- 
- 
-
Loss allowance 
(18,598) 
- 
- 
(18,598)
Government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
-  
Excellent  
1,497,491 
- 
- 
1,497,491
-  
Strong 
 
76 
- 
- 
76
-  
Special attention 
- 
20,038 
- 
20,038
Loss allowance 
(20,300) 
(812) 
- 
(21,112)
Carrying amount 
2,848,414 
19,226 
- 
2,867,640
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
188
134
f-134

--- Page 381 ---
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
US$'000 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
Corporate debt securities 
 
 
 
 
-  
Excellent  
- 
- 
- 
-
-  
Strong 
 
50,905 
- 
- 
50,905
-  
Good 
 
31,936 
- 
- 
31,936
 
 
 
 
348,583 
- 
- 
348,583
Loss allowance 
(12,200) 
- 
- 
(12,200)
 
 
 
 
336,383 
- 
- 
336,383 
 
 
 
 
 
Government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
-  
Excellent  
30,897 
- 
- 
30,897
-  
Fair  
 
265,742 
- 
- 
265,742
-  
Strong 
 
50,521 
- 
- 
50,521
-  
Good 
 
75,301 
- 
- 
75,301
-  
Fair  
 
31,157 
- 
- 
31,157
 
 
 
 
187,876 
- 
- 
187,876
 
 
 
 
184,656 
- 
- 
184,656
-  
Excellent  
30,933 
- 
- 
30,933
-  
Good 
 
201,163 
- 
- 
201,163
Carrying amount 
611,209 
- 
- 
611,209
-  
Excellent  
57,240 
- 
- 
57,240
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
-  
Strong 
 
50,577 
- 
- 
50,577
 
 
 
 
337,006 
- 
- 
337,006
 
Corporate debt securities 
-  
Strong 
 
50,554 
- 
- 
50,554
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
(6,429) 
- 
- 
(6,429)
Government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
(3,220) 
- 
- 
(3,220)
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
229,189 
- 
- 
229,189
Carrying amount 
521,039 
- 
- 
521,039 
 
 
 
 
330,577 
- 
- 
330,577 
 
 
 
 
282,650 
- 
- 
282,650
 
 
 
 
280,632 
- 
- 
280,632
Loss allowance 
(2,018) 
- 
- 
(2,018)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
189
135
f-135

--- Page 382 ---
Fee receivable
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
Other assets:  
 
 
 
 
-- 
Good 
 
14,973 
- 
- 
14,973
US$'000  
 
 
2023 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
8,875 
- 
- 
8,875
 
 
 
 
23,848 
- 
- 
23,848
Carrying amount 
23,848 
- 
- 
23,848 
Carrying amount 
66,879 
- 
- 
66,879 
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
Account receivable 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance 
- 
- 
- 
-
- 
Good 
 
39,854 
- 
- 
39,854
-  
Good 
 
12,325 
- 
- 
12,325
Loss allowance 
- 
- 
- 
-
Fee receivable
US$'000  
 
 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
Debt and ﬁnancial guarantees 
 
 
 
 
-  
Strong 
 
16,000 
- 
- 
16,000
-  
Good 
 
249,921 
- 
- 
249,921
-  
Fair  
 
2,137,926 
- 
- 
2,137,926
-  
Marginal  
95,057 
- 
- 
95,057
Advance for investment
Total 
 
 
2,498,904 
- 
- 
2,498,904
 
 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet commitments: 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance on commitments 
17,897 
- 
- 
17,897 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
-  
Good 
 
14,700 
- 
- 
14,700
Account receivable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
66,879 
- 
- 
66,879
Debt and ﬁnancial guarantees 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance on commitments 
12,486 
- 
- 
12,486 
-  
Fair  
 
28,502 
- 
- 
28,502
-  
Marginal  
86,810 
- 
- 
86,810
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Total  
US$'000  
 
 
2022 
 
 
-  
Strong 
 
21,000 
- 
- 
21,000
- 
 Good 
 
1,548,096 
- 
- 
1,548,096
Total 
 
 
1,684,408 
- 
- 
1,684,408
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
190
136
f-136

--- Page 383 ---
-  
Fair 
 
 
 
74,857 
212,974
Debt securities 
 
Asset under management: debt securities 
 
--  Good 
 
 
 
263,391 
184,370
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Marginal  
 
 
215,753 
73,678
Derivative ﬁnancial assets: 
 
 
 
 
Using the Corporation’s internal credit rating, the credit quality of ﬁnancial assets measured at fair value exposed to credit risk is 
detailed below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
-  
Good 
 
 
 
5,000 
21,968
-  
Special attention 
 
 
11,522 
229,450
-  
Good 
 
 
 
22,248 
19,837
 
 
 
 
 
329,380 
557,907
Effects of collateral and other credit 
enhancements
The Corporation holds collateral and 
other credit enhancements against 
certain of its credit exposures. For loans 
and advances to other customers, the 
general credit worthiness of a customer 
tends to be the most relevant indicator of 
credit quality of a loan extended to it. 
Collateral values are assessed at the 
time of loan origination. The Corporation 
requires collateral to be realistically 
valued by an appropriately qualiﬁed 
source, independent of both the credit 
decision process and the customer, at 
the time of borrowing. Collateral provides 
additional security and the Corporation 
generally requests that borrowers provide 
it. The extent to which collateral values 
are actively managed will depend on 
the credit quality and other circum-
stances of the obligor. Although lending 
decisions are predominantly based on 
expected cash ﬂows, any collateral 
provided may impact the pricing and 
other terms of a loan or facility granted; 
this will have a ﬁnancial impact on the 
amount of net interest income recog-
nised and on internal loss-given-default 
estimates that contribute to the determi-
nation of asset quality.
For unimpaired secured lending, the 
Corporation reports assets gross of 
collateral and therefore discloses the 
maximum loss exposure. The Corporation 
believes that this approach is appropri-
ate as collateral values at origination 
and during a period of good perfor-
mance may not be representative of the 
value of collateral if the obligor enters a 
distressed state.
Unimpaired secured lending is predomi-
nantly managed on a cash ﬂow basis. 
On occasion, it may include an 
assessment of underlying collateral, 
although, for impaired lending, this will 
not always involve assessing it on a fair 
value basis. No aggregated collateral 
information for the entire unimpaired 
secured wholesale lending portfolio is 
provided to key management personnel.
The types of collateral held includes ﬁxed 
and ﬂoating charge on companies’ 
assets and securities and a charge on 
the commodities ﬁnanced for trade 
transactions. The Corporation also uses 
insurance by a counterparty which is 
more creditworthy than the original 
counterparty, as a means of credit 
enhancement. The Corporation has 
portfolio insurance cover over the loans 
and advances to other customers and 
investment securities portfolios.
Valuation of collateral is updated when 
the credit risk of a loan deteriorates 
signiﬁcantly and the loan is monitored 
more closely. No collateral is held for 
cash and balances with banks, loans 
and advances to banks and other 
assets.
Where collateral has been obtained in 
the event of default, the Corporation 
does not, as a rule, use such assets for its 
own operations and they would be sold 
on a timely basis. There were no assets 
held by the Corporation as at December 
31, 2023, as a result of the enforcement 
of collateral (2022: Nil).
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
191
137
f-137

--- Page 384 ---
exposure 
 
 collateral 
 
 
 held 
 
 
  
Volume of exposure secured by collateral 
and other credit enhancements: 
Type of credit 
% 
Type of 
 
% 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
advances to
 
 
 ﬁnanced 
 
 
 assets 
Hybrid  
71  
 67 charge on 
IFRS 9 outlines a 'three-stage' model for 
impairment based on changes in credit 
quality since initial recognition.
- Project  
95  
 92  charge on 
 
 
 company
Investment debt 
 - 
-
other customers
A ﬁnancial instrument that is not 
Ÿ
credit-impaired on initial recognition 
is classiﬁed in 'Stage 1' and has its 
credit risk continuously monitored.
 
credit risk 
assets) 
 
 
 commodities
 
 
 insurance 
If a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk 
Ÿ
('SICR') since initial recognition is 
identiﬁed, the ﬁnancial instrument is 
moved to 'Stage 2' but is not yet 
deemed to be credit-impaired. 
Please refer to note 2.8 for a 
description of how the Corporation 
determines when a signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk has occurred.
instruments 
 
 company 
Loans and
The following diagram summarises the 
impairment requirements under IFRS 9 
(other than purchased or originated 
credit impaired ﬁnancial assets):
Expected Credit Loss (‘ECL’)
 
ﬁnance 
 
 securities/
 
 
 assets/
 
 
 insurance 
- Trade ﬁnance 
80  
 76  charge on  
Purchased or originated credit-impaired 
ﬁnancial assets are those ﬁnancial 
assets that are credit-impaired on initial 
recognition. Their ECL is always 
measured on a lifetime basis (Stage 3).
securities 
  
   Portfolio 
 
The ECL allowance is based on the 
credit losses expected to arise over the 
life of the asset, unless there has been 
no signiﬁcant increase in credit risk since 
origination, in which case, the allowance 
is based on the 12 months’ expected 
credit loss. The Corporation’s policies for 
determining if there has been a 
signiﬁcant increase in credit risk are set 
out in note 2.8.
The 12-month ECL is the portion of 
lifetime ECL that represent the ECLs that 
result from default events on a ﬁnancial 
instrument that are possible within the 12 
months after the reporting date. Both life 
time ECL and 12 months ECL are 
calculated on either an individual basis 
or a collective basis, depending on the 
nature of the underlying portfolio of 
ﬁnancial instruments.
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
 Stage 3 
(Initial  
(Signiﬁcant 
(Credit-
If the ﬁnancial instrument is credit-
Ÿ
impaired, the ﬁnancial instrument is 
moved to 'Stage 3'. Please refer to 
note 2.8 for a description of how the 
Corporation deﬁnes credit-impaired 
and default.
Financial instruments in Stage 1 have 
their ECL measured at an amount equal 
to the portion of lifetime expected credit 
losses that result from default events 
possible within the next 12 months. 
Instruments in Stages 2 or 3 have their 
ECL measured based on expected 
credit losses on a lifetime basis. Please 
refer to ‘measurement of ECL’ below for a 
description of inputs, assumptions and 
estimation techniques used in 
measuring the ECL.
Change in credit quality since initial 
recognition
A pervasive concept in measuring ECL 
in accordance with IFRS 9 is that it 
should consider forward-looking 
information. An explanation of how 
forward-looking information is 
incorporated in the ECL model is 
included under ‘incorporation of 
forward- looking information’ below.
recognition) 
increase in 
impaired 
 
 
 
 
recognition)
12 month 
Lifetime  
Lifetime 
Credit risk grades
credit losses 
credit losses 
 credit losses
 
since initial
expected 
expected  
expected 
The Corporation allocates each 
exposure to a credit risk grade based on 
a variety of data that is determined to 
be predictive of the risk of default and 
applying experienced credit judgement. 
Credit risk grades are deﬁned using 
qualitative and quantitative factors that 
are indicative of risk of default. These 
factors vary depending on the nature of 
the exposure and the type of borrower. 
Credit risk grades are deﬁned and 
calibrated such that the risk of default 
occurring increases exponentially as the 
credit risk deteriorates so, for example, 
the difference in risk of default between 
credit risk grades 1 and 2 is smaller than 
the difference between credit risk 
grades 2 and 3.
Each exposure is allocated to a credit 
risk grade on initial recognition based 
on available information about the 
borrower. Exposures are subject to 
ongoing monitoring, which may result in 
an exposure being moved to a different 
credit risk grade. The monitoring typically 
involves use of the;
Information obtained during 
Ÿ
periodic review of the obligor – e.g. 
audited ﬁnancial statements, 
management accounts, budgets 
and projections. Examples of areas 
of particular focus are: gross proﬁt 
margins, ﬁnancial leverage ratios, 
debt service coverage, compliance 
with covenants, quality of 
management, senior management 
changes.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
192
138
f-138

--- Page 385 ---
Payment record – this includes 
Ÿ
overdue status as well as a range of 
variables about payment ratios.
Quoted bond and credit default 
Ÿ
swap (CDS) prices for the borrower 
where available.
Data from credit reference agencies, 
Ÿ
press articles, changes in external 
credit ratings.
Generating the term structure of PD
Inputs into the assessment of whether a 
ﬁnancial instrument is in default and 
their signiﬁcance may vary over time to 
reﬂect changes in circumstances.
Actual and expected signiﬁcant 
Ÿ
changes in the political, regulatory 
and technological environment of 
the borrower or in its business 
activities.
Deﬁnition of default 
based on data developed internally 
Ÿ
and obtained from external sources.
The indicative mapping of how the 
Corporation’s internal credit risk grades 
relate to external credit ratings of is 
shown in note 3.1.6 above.
The Corporation considers a ﬁnancial 
asset to be in default when:
Existing and forecast changes in 
Ÿ
business, ﬁnancial and economic 
conditions.
Requests for and granting of 
Ÿ
forbearance.
In assessing whether a borrower is in 
default, the Corporation considers 
indicators that are:
qualitative: e.g. breaches of 
Ÿ
covenant;
or it is becoming probable that the 
Ÿ
borrower will restructure the asset as 
a result of bankruptcy due to the 
borrower’s inability to pay its credit 
obligations.
Credit risk grades are primary inputs into 
the determination of the term structure 
of PD for exposures. The Corporation 
collects performance and default 
information about its credit risk 
exposures analysed by jurisdiction or 
region and by type of product and 
borrower as well as by credit risk 
grading. For some portfolios, information 
purchased from external credit 
reference agencies is also used. The 
Corporation employs statistical models 
to analyse the data collected and 
generate estimates of the remaining 
lifetime PD of exposures and how these 
are expected to change as a result of 
the passage of time.
the borrower is more than 90 days 
Ÿ
past due on any material credit 
obligation to the Corporation;
quantitative: e.g. overdue status and 
Ÿ
non-payment on another obligation 
of the same issuer to the 
Corporation; and
the borrower is unlikely to pay its 
Ÿ
credit obligations to the Corporation 
in full, without recourse by the 
Corporation to actions such as 
realising security (if any is held);
Incorporation of forward-looking 
information
The Corporation incorporates forward-
looking information into both the 
assessment of whether the credit risk of 
an instrument has increased signiﬁcantly 
since its initial recognition and the 
measurement of ECL.
Based on advice from the Corporation’s 
Risk Management and economic 
experts and consideration of a variety of 
external actual and forecast information, 
the Corporation formulates a ‘base case’ 
view of the future direction of relevant 
economic variables as well as a 
representative range of other possible 
forecast scenarios. This process involves 
developing two or more additional 
economic scenarios and considering 
the relative probabilities of each 
outcome. External information includes 
economic data and forecasts published 
by governmental bodies and monetary 
authorities in the countries where the 
Corporation invests, supranational 
organisations such as the Organisation 
for Economic Cooperation and 
Development and the International 
Monetary Fund, and selected private-
sector and academic forecasters.
The base case represents a most-likely 
outcome and is aligned with information 
used by the Corporation for other 
purposes such as strategic planning and 
budgeting. The other scenarios represent 
more optimistic and more pessimistic 
outcomes. Periodically, the Corporation 
carries out stress testing of more extreme 
shocks to calibrate its determination of 
these other representative scenarios.
The Corporation has identiﬁed and 
documented key drivers of credit risk 
and credit losses for each portfolio of 
ﬁnancial instruments and, using an 
analysis of historical data, has estimated 
relationships between macro-economic 
variables and credit risk and credit 
losses.
These parameters are generally derived 
from internally developed statistical 
models and other historical data. They 
are adjusted to reﬂect forward-looking 
information as described above.
ECL for exposures in Stage 1 is 
calculated by multiplying the 12-month 
PD by LGD and EAD. Lifetime ECL is 
calculated by multiplying the lifetime PD 
by LGD and EAD.
Ÿ
loss given default (LGD); and 
Measurement of ECL
Ÿ
exposure at default (EAD).
The key inputs into the measurement of 
ECL are the term structure of the 
following variables:
Ÿ
probability of default (PD); 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
193
139
f-139

--- Page 386 ---
instrument type;
Ÿ
 
 
 
 
 
remaining term to maturity; sector or 
Ÿ
industry; and
As described above, and subject to 
using a maximum of a 12-month PD for 
Stage 1 ﬁnancial assets, the Corporation 
measures ECL considering the risk of 
default over the maximum contractual 
period (including any borrower’s 
extension options) over which it is 
exposed to credit risk, even if, for credit 
risk management purposes, the 
Corporation considers a longer period. 
The maximum contractual period 
extends to the date at which the 
Corporation has the right to require 
repayment of an advance or terminate 
a loan commitment or guarantee.
 
date of initial recognition;
Ÿ
EAD represents the expected exposure in 
the event of a default. The Corporation 
derives the EAD from the current 
exposure to the counterparty and 
potential changes to the current amount 
allowed under the contract and arising 
from amortisation. The EAD of a ﬁnancial 
asset is its gross carrying amount at the 
time of default. For lending 
commitments, the EADs are potential 
future amounts that may be drawn 
under the contract, which are estimated 
based on historical observations and 
forward-looking forecasts. For ﬁnancial 
guarantees, the EAD represents the 
amount of the guaranteed exposure 
when the ﬁnancial guarantee becomes 
payable. For some ﬁnancial assets, EAD 
is determined by modelling the range of 
possible exposure outcomes at various 
points in time using scenario and 
statistical techniques.
geographic location of the 
Ÿ
borrower.
The Corporation has limited historical 
data with no loss experience and 
external benchmark information is used 
to supplement the internally available 
data. This includes: Moody’s Investors 
Service Default and Recovery Rates for 
the LGD models and Fitch Ratings’ 
Transition and Default study for the PD 
models.
 
 
 
 
PD estimates are estimates at a certain 
date, which are calculated based on 
statistical rating models, and assessed 
using rating tools tailored to the various 
categories of counterparties and 
exposures. These statistical models are 
based on externally compiled data 
comprising both quantitative and 
qualitative factors published by 
International Rating Agencies. Where it is 
available, market data may also be 
used to derive the PD for counterparties. 
If a counterparty or exposure migrates 
between rating classes, then this will lead 
to a change in the estimate of the 
associated PD. PDs are estimated 
considering the contractual maturities of 
exposures and estimated prepayment 
rates.
Where modelling of a parameter is 
carried out on a collective basis, the 
ﬁnancial instruments are grouped on 
the basis of shared risk characteristics 
that include:
LGD is the magnitude of the likely loss if 
there is a default. For the purpose of 
determining LGD, external benchmark 
information from rating agencies were 
used to supplement the internally 
available data. The Moody’s Investors 
Service Default and Recovery rates study 
was an input into determining the LGD 
for the Corporation’s portfolios.
Credit risk gradings;
Ÿ
The groupings are subject to regular 
review to ensure that exposures within a 
particular group remain appropriately 
homogeneous.
Loss allowance
The loss allowance recognised in the 
period is impacted by a variety of 
factors, as described below:
Transfers between Stage 1 and 
Ÿ
Stages 2 or 3 due to ﬁnancial 
instruments experiencing signiﬁcant 
increases (or decreases) of credit 
risk or becoming credit-impaired in 
the period, and the consequent 
“step up” (or “step down”) between 
12-month and Lifetime ECL;
Impact on the measurement of ECL 
Ÿ
due to changes in PDs, EADs and 
LGDs in the period, arising from 
regular refreshing of inputs to 
models;
Discount unwind within ECL due to 
Ÿ
the passage of time, as ECL is 
measured on a present value basis;
Foreign exchange translation for 
Ÿ
assets denominated in foreign 
currencies and other movements; 
and
Financial assets derecognised 
Ÿ
during the period and write-offs of 
allowances related to assets that 
were written off during the period.
Additional allowances for new 
Ÿ
ﬁnancial instruments recognised 
during the period, as well as 
releases for ﬁnancial instruments de-
recognised in the period;
Impacts on the measurement of ECL 
Ÿ
due to changes made to models 
and assumptions;
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
194
140
f-140

--- Page 387 ---
The following tables explain the changes in the loss allowance between the beginning and the end of the annual period due to 
these factors: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
93,649 
31,547 
67,889 
- 
193,085
Transfer to Stage 1 
10,227 
(10,227) 
- 
- 
-
Loans and advances to customers at 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Project ﬁnance loans 
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Transfer to Stage 1 
2,321 
(2,321) 
- 
- 
-
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
41,157 
(1,823) 
- 
- 
39,334 
Balance at 31 December 
121,312 
21,816 
67,889 
- 
211,018
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,365 
- 
- 
- 
2,365
Loans and advances to customers at  
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost: 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Transfer to Stage 1 
7,909 
(7,909) 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Transfer to Stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
US$’000 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
44,015 
(1,823) 
- 
- 
42,192
Balance at 31 December 
145,572 
21,816 
67,889 
- 
235,277
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
75,961 
48,769 
43,369 
- 
168,099
Transfer to Stage 3 
- 
(2,399) 
2,399 
- 
-
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,969 
- 
- 
- 
2,969
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
 93,648 
31,548 
67,889 
- 
193,085
Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost: 
 Stage 1 
Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
7,461 
(4,596) 
22,121 
- 
24,986
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(604) 
- 
- 
- 
(604) 
Balance at 31 December 
2,365 
- 
- 
- 
2,365
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
3,159 
- 
- 
- 
3,159 
Balance at 31 December 
5,524 
- 
- 
- 
5,524
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers at   
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
77,834 
25,960 
67,889 
- 
171,684 
Transfer to Stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
195
141
f-141

--- Page 388 ---
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
62,154 
47,397 
43,369 
- 
152,920 
Transfer to Stage 1 
10,227 
(10,227) 
- 
- 
-
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
5,454 
(8,811) 
22,121 
- 
18,764 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
77,835 
25,960 
67,889 
- 
171,684
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers at  
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Trade ﬁnance loans 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Transfer to Stage 3 
- 
(2,399) 
2,399 
- 
-
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
15,814 
5,588 
- 
- 
21,401 
Transfer to Stage 1 
5,588 
(5,588) 
- 
- 
-
Project ﬁnance loans 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
2,858 
- 
- 
- 
2,858 
Loans and advances to customers at 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
15,814 
5,587 
- 
- 
21,401
Balance at 31 December 
38,898 
812 
- 
- 
39,710
Transfer to Stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 
 
 
amortised cost: 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
24,260 
- 
- 
- 
24,259
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
7,926 
- 
- 
- 
7,926
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
2,007 
4,215 
- 
- 
6,222 
Trade ﬁnance loans 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
46,824 
- 
- 
- 
46,824
  
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
27,817 
- 
- 
- 
27,817
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
13,807 
1,372 
- 
- 
15,179 
Derecognised 
- 
(812) 
- 
- 
(812)
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Transfer to Stage 2 
(812) 
812 
- 
- 
-
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
11,893 
- 
- 
- 
11,893
  
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
38,898 
812 
- 
- 
39,710
Loans and advances to customers at  
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
196
142
f-142

--- Page 389 ---
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
5,054 
- 
- 
- 
5,054
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
20,300 
812 
- 
- 
21,112
Government debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Balance at 31 December 
20,300 
812 
- 
- 
21,112
Derecognised 
- 
(812) 
- 
- 
(812)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
6,221 
- 
- 
- 
6,221
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Transfer to Stage 2 
(812) 
812 
- 
- 
-
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Investment securities at FVOCI: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Government debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
14,891 
- 
- 
- 
14,891
Balance at 31 December 
25,354 
- 
- 
- 
25,354
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
  
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to Stage 1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
12,926 
- 
- 
- 
12,926
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
18,598 
- 
- 
- 
18,598
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
5,672 
- 
- 
- 
5,672
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Balance at 31 December 
21,470 
- 
- 
- 
21,470
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
18,598 
- 
- 
- 
18,598
 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
Investment securities at amortised cost: 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
Transfer to Stage 1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
2,872 
- 
- 
- 
2,872
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
197
143
f-143

--- Page 390 ---
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
 8,446 
- 
- 
- 
8,446
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets that have been derecognised 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
4,373 
- 
- 
- 
4,373 
Balance at 31 December 
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
-    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -   
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
Debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
 Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Balance at 31 December 
15,420 
- 
- 
- 
15,420
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
Investment securities at FVOCI: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
 Purchased 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
6,974 
- 
- 
- 
6,974 
Debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
4,074 
- 
- 
- 
4,074
Balance at 31 December 
8,447 
- 
- 
- 
8,447
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
1,202 
- 
- 
- 
1,202 
Balance at 31 December 
3,220 
- 
- 
- 
3,220
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
1,712 
- 
- 
- 
1,712
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
4,717 
- 
- 
- 
4,717 
Balance at 31 December 
6,429 
- 
- 
- 
6,429
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,018 
- 
- 
- 
2,018
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Corporate debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Government debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Balance at 31 December 
12,200 
- 
- 
- 
12,200
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
6,429 
- 
- 
- 
6,429
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
5,771 
- 
- 
- 
5,771 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
198
144
f-144

--- Page 391 ---
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Commitments: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
Commitments: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
5,411 
- 
- 
- 
5,411 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,362 
- 
- 
- 
2,362
The following table sets out a reconciliation of changes in the net carrying amount of credit impaired loans and advances to 
customers. 
 
 
 
 
 
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
(344) 
- 
- 
- 
(344) 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
12,486 
- 
- 
- 
12,486
 
 
 
 
 
 
Government debt securities 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
 
 
 
Total 
 
Total 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
Net modiﬁcation gain/(loss) 
 
 
(3,437) 
(8,462)
Pledged assets: 
Stage 1  
 Stage 2  
 Stage 3  
Purchased 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Balance at 31 December 
2,018 
- 
- 
- 
2,018
Balance at 31 December 
17,897 
- 
- 
- 
17,897
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 
10,009 
- 
- 
- 
10,009 
Balance at 31 December 
12,486 
- 
- 
- 
12,486
Credit-impaired ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
See accounting policy in note 2.8 Credit-impaired loans and advances are graded 10 in the Corporation’s internal credit risk 
grading system (see note 3.1.6 above).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
Modiﬁed ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
 
 
 
 credit- impaired  
 Total 
Loss allowance as at 1 January 
2,477 
- 
- 
- 
2,477
 
 
 
Total 
 
Total 
The following table provides information on ﬁnancial assets that were modiﬁed while they had a loss allowance measured at an 
amount equal to lifetime ECL. 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortised cost before modiﬁcation  
 
 
33,760 
90,308
 
 
 
US$’000 
 
US$’000 
Net repayments 
 
 
(220) 
-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 31 December 
 
 
57,467 
57,687
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit-impaired loans and advances to customers at 1 January 
 
57,687 
50,136
Classiﬁed as credit-impaired during the year 
 
 
- 
32,071
Change in allowance for impairment 
 
 
- 
(24,520)
Financial assets modiﬁed during the period 
 
 
2022 
 
2023 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
199
145
f-145

--- Page 392 ---
Write-off policy
insolvency of the counterparty / 
Ÿ
guarantor
permanent diminution in the value of 
Ÿ
collateral
unenforceable debt recovery 
Ÿ
actions; and
debts that are uneconomical to 
Ÿ
pursue for recovery.
The Chief Risk Ofﬁcer, together with the 
responsible division head will recom-
mend the write-off to the Board Risk and 
Investment Committee for approval. There 
were no write-offs recognised during the 
ﬁnancial year.
In the normal course of business, 
ﬁnancial assets (including loans, debt 
securities and receivables) may become 
unrecoverable when the likelihood of 
repayment by a counterparty is non-
existent and the ﬁnancial asset cannot 
be realized. Circumstances which may 
lead to ﬁnancial assets becoming 
unrecoverable include but not limited to:
Management must demonstrate that 
appropriate and sufﬁcient effort has 
been made to recover the ﬁnancial 
assets. Financial assets will be recom-
mended for write-off only after recovery 
efforts have proved unsuccessful and 
further action is either not cost effective 
or highly unlikely to succeed.
3.1.7  Concentration of risks of ﬁnancial 
assets with credit risk exposure 
The Corporation manages concentration 
risk using the Exposure Limits Framework 
(ELF) as part of its credit risk manage-
ment policies. The ELF proposes a 
portfolio diversiﬁcation strategy for the 
Corporation in order to avoid excessive 
The Corporation manages concentration 
risk using the Exposure Limits Framework 
(ELF) as part of its credit risk manage-
ment policies. The ELF proposes a 
portfolio diversiﬁcation strategy for the 
Corporation in order to avoid excessive 
portfolio concentration either in single 
projects or groups of projects, or in 
particular sectors that could be 
simultaneously affected by similar 
exogenous events. The ELF deﬁnes sector 
exposure limits, single obligor exposure 
limits and single country exposure limits. 
In line with best practices, the exposure 
limits are linked to the Corporation’s total 
investable fund, that is the shareholders’ 
funds plus retained earnings plus 
borrowings with a remaining maturity 
exceeding one year, and the pace at 
which these Board approved limits are 
consumed is dependent on the 
Corporation’s risk appetite. The following 
table analyses the Corporation’s main 
credit exposures at their carrying 
amounts, categorised by geographical 
region, as at December 31, 2023. The 
Corporation has allocated exposures to 
regions based on the country of 
domicile of its counterparties.
 
 
 
 
Geographical sectors
December 31, 2023
West  
Rest of 
Outside 
 
 
 
 
Africa 
Africa 
Africa 
Total
-  
Trade ﬁnance 
 
515,604 
174,577 
- 
690,181
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5,154,016 
2,053,945 
3,337,115 
10,545,076
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
 
155,496 
- 
107,895 
263,391
-  
Corporate debt securities 
 
112,791 
284,424 
- 
397,215
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
-  
Corporate debt securities 
 
285,682 
50,700 
- 
336,382
Other assets: 
 
 
 
-  
Placements with banks 
 
273,378 
- 
1,097,725 
1,371,103
-  
Government debt securities 
 
30,494 
154,163 
- 
184,657
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Cash and balances with banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Account receivable 
 
14,973 
- 
- 
14,973
-  
Project ﬁnance 
 
2,418,046 
1,175,065 
- 
3,593,111
-  
Fee receivable 
 
2,500 
6,375 
- 
8,875
-  
Debt securities 
 
134,802 
172,330 
- 
307,132
-  
Government debt securities 
 
1,209,734 
30,994 
2,108,399 
3,349,127
-  
Asset under management (debt securities) 
 
- 
- 
22,248 
22,248
Balances with banks 
 
 516 
5,317 
848 
6,681
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
1,560,865 
938,039 
- 
2,498,904 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
200
146
f-146

--- Page 393 ---
-  
Corporate debt securities 
 
148,960 
181,367 
- 
330,327
 
 
Africa 
Africa 
Africa 
Total
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
 
133,727 
- 
50,643 
184,370
-  
Trade ﬁnance 
 
365,077 
181,862 
- 
546,939
December 31, 2022 
 
West  
Rest of 
Outside 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Cash and balances with banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Placements with banks 
 
106,139 
102,127 
1,164,302 
1,372,568
- 
Project ﬁnance 
 
2,077,020 
988,305 
- 
3,065,325
Balances with banks 
 
17,371 
21,473 
83,795 
122,639
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
-  
Debt securities 
 
353,656 
184,414 
- 
538,070
-  
Asset under management (debt securities) 
 
- 
- 
19,837 
19,837
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
-  
Government debt securities 
 
63,221 
217,411 
- 
280,632
Other assets: 
 
 
 
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
1,513,768 
170,640 
- 
1,684,408 
-  
Government debt securities 
 
1,031,963 
7,961 
1,497,389 
2,537,313
-  
Corporate debt securities 
 
280,114 
50,463 
- 
330,577
-  
Advance for investments 
 
- 
14,700 
- 
14,700
-  
Fee receivable 
 
12,325 
- 
- 
12,325
 
 
 
4,629,427 
1,950,083 
2,815,966 
9,395,476
-  
Account receivable 
 
39,854 
- 
- 
39,854
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
201
147
f-147

--- Page 394 ---
Off-balance sheet commitments 
75,340 
182,664 
124,322 
27,892 
2,088,686 
2,498,904
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Corporate debt securities 
- 
- 
281,592 
113,746 
1,877 
397,215
-  
Debt securities 
118,786 
15,994 
11,098 
152,732 
8,522 
307,132
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Corporate debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
336,382 
336,382
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Concentration by Industry  
 
Heavy 
 
 
Financial  
 
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
263,391 
263,391
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Placements with banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,371,103 
1,371,103
Balances with banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6,681 
6,681
-  
Project ﬁnance 
622,329 
762,334 
744,262 
881,631 
582,555 
3,593,111
-  
Trade ﬁnance 
56,501 
52,085 
- 
- 
581,595 
690,181
 
Natural 
Industry & 
 
 
Services
Cash and balances with banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Fee receivable 
2,500 
- 
6,375 
- 
- 
8,875
-  
Account receivable 
- 
- 
- 
- 
14,973 
14,973
 
  
800,116 
830,413 
1,043,327 
1,148,109 
6,723,111 
10,545,076
- 
Account receivable 
- 
- 
- 
- 
39,854 
39,854
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Asset under management (debt securities) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
22,248 
22,248
 
Resources 
   Telecoms  
Power 
Transport 
 & Others 
Total
December 31, 2023 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Resources 
   Telecoms  
Power 
Transport 
 & Others 
Total
-  
Government debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,349,127 
3,349,127
-  
Government debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
184,657 
184,657
 
Natural 
Industry & 
 
 
Services
Cash and balances with banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balances with banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
122,639 
122,639
Loans and advances to banks: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Placements with banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,372,568 
1,372,568
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
- 
- 
2,939 
- 
181,431 
184,370
December 31, 2022 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Project ﬁnance 
656,437 
728,529 
355,524 
582,418 
742,417 
3,065,325
- 
Trade ﬁnance 
68,892 
45,102 
- 
- 
432,945 
546,939
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Asset under management (debt securities) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
19,837 
19,837
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Government debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,537,313 
2,537,313
- 
Government debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
280,632 
280,632
Other assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Heavy 
 
 
Financial  
 
- 
Debt securities 
346,585 
7,900 
9,671 
173,914 
- 
538,070
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
Corporate debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
330,577 
330,577
- 
Corporate debt securities 
- 
- 
189,130 
132,244 
8,953 
330,327
- 
Fee receivable 
3,900 
- 
7,285 
1,140 
- 
12,325
- 
Advance for investments 
- 
- 
14,700 
- 
- 
14,700
 
 
1,075,814 
781,531 
579,249 
889,716 
6,069,166 
9,395,476
Off-balance sheet commitments 
39,056 
141,457 
107,046 
4,768 
1,392,081 
1,684,408
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
202
148
f-148

--- Page 395 ---
The Corporation’s portfolio comprises 
majorly of non-trading portfolios. The 
principal risk to which non-trading 
portfolios are exposed is the risk of loss 
from ﬂuctuations in the future cash ﬂows 
or fair values of ﬁnancial instruments 
because of a change in market interest 
rates. Interest rate risk is managed 
principally through monitoring interest 
rate gaps and by having pre-approved 
limits for repricing bands. ALCO is the 
monitoring body for compliance with 
these limits and is assisted by the Risk 
Management Unit in its day-to-day 
monitoring activities. These day-to-day 
activities include monitoring changes in 
the Corporation’s interest rate exposures, 
which include the impact of the 
Corporation’s outstanding or forecast 
debt obligations.
3.2    Market Risk
The Corporation takes on exposures to 
market risks, which is the risk that the fair 
value or future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial 
instrument will ﬂuctuate because of 
changes in market prices. Market risks 
arise from open positions in interest rates, 
commodities, currency and equity 
products, all of which are exposed to 
general and speciﬁc market movements 
and changes in the level of volatility of 
market rates or prices such as interest 
rates, commodity prices, credit spreads, 
foreign exchange rates and equity 
prices.
In the normal course of business, the 
Corporation is exposed to the effects of 
ﬂuctuations in the prevailing foreign 
currency exchange rates on its ﬁnancial 
position and cash ﬂows. The Corporation 
has exposure to currencies other than 
the United States Dollars, its functional 
currency, which include the Nigerian 
Naira (NGN), Euros, South African Rand 
(ZAR), Japanese Yen (JPY), Swiss Francs 
(CHF), Egyptian Pounds (EGP) and the 
Ghanian Cedi (GH¢). These exposures 
are hedged in accordance with the 
Corporation's policy. The highest single 
currency exposure did not exceed 12% 
(2022: 14%) of total assets and 8% (2022: 
10%) of total liabilities while in aggregate 
they amount to 25% (2022: 25%) of 
ﬁnancial assets and 10% (2022: 16%) of 
ﬁnancial liabilities. The Board sets limits 
on the level of exposure by currency, 
which are monitored.
The table below summarizes the 
Corporation's exposure to foreign 
exchange rate risk at December 31, 
2023. Included in the table are the 
Corporation’s ﬁnancial instruments at 
carrying amounts, categorised by 
currency.
3.2.1    Foreign exchange risk
Pledged assets 
 
 
521,039 
- 
521,039
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
 
7,714,428 
927,545 
8,641,973
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
8,898,269 
2,955,839 
11,854,108
The following analysis shows the Corporation's sensitivity to increases or decreases in exchange rates. The analysis assumes that all 
other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant. The sensitivity of proﬁt or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets 
 
 
6,720 
17,128 
23,848
Derivative ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
 
112,376 
16,538 
128,914
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 
155,754 
32,822 
188,576
Liabilities
Borrowings 
 
 
7,446,298 
878,185 
8,324,483
Off-balance sheet commitments 
 
 
731,538 
1,767,366 
2,498,904
Net ﬁnancial position 
 
 
1,183,841 
2,028,294 
3,212,135
Assets 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Cash and balances with banks 
 
 
6,612 
99 
6,711
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
254,083 
9,308 
263,391
Loans and advances to other customers 
 
 
3,216,928 
1,066,364 
4,283,292
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
 
1,601,402 
- 
1,601,402
Investment securities 
 
 
2,228,159 
1,555,163 
3,783,322
 
 
 
US dollars 
Others 
Total
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Concentrations of currency risk – ﬁnancial instruments
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
1,063,326 
307,777 
1,371,103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
203
149
f-149

--- Page 396 ---
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation 
(98,720) 
(98,720)
Pledged assets 
611,209 
-
611,209
Impact 
Total
mainly from monetary ﬁnancial instruments and investments in equity securities carried at fair value through proﬁt or loss and the 
impact on other components of equity arises from investments classiﬁed as fair value through OCI.
Impact on Proﬁt or loss 
US$’000 
US$’000
Loans and advances to other customers 
2,840,196 
772,068 
3,612,264
The following analysis shows the Corporation’s sensitivity to increases or decreases in exchange rates. 
Loans and advances to banks 
1,040,412 
332,156 
1,372,568
Other assets 
11,080 
55,799 
66,879
Assets 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Impact on Equity 
Liabilities
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation 
(1,198) 
(1,198)
US dollars 
Others 
Total
Derivative ﬁnancial liabilities 
37,441 
34,840 
72,281
Cash and balances with banks 
34,821 
87,861 
122,682
Sensitivity at 200bp depreciation 
22,954 
22,954
Sensitivity at 200bp depreciation 
636 
636
Derivative ﬁnancial assets 
168,750 
15,620 
184,370
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
1,540,808 
83,146 
1,623,954
December 31, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
Investment securities 
1,587,719 
1,332,841 
2,920,560
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
113,254 
74,636 
187,890
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
6,575,563 
1,252,813 
7,828,376
Net ﬁnancial position 
1,259,432 
1,426,678 
2,686,110
Off-balance sheet commitments 
512,945 
1,171,463 
1,684,408
Total ﬁnancial assets 
7,834,995 
2,679,491 
10,514,486
Borrowings 
6,424,868 
1,143,337 
7,568,205
December 31, 2022 
Impact on Proﬁt or loss 
US$’000 
US$’000
Others 
Total
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation 
(84,861) 
(84,861)
Impact on Equity
Sensitivity at 200bp depreciation 
635 
635
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation 
(1,197) 
(1,197)
Sensitivity at 200bp depreciation 
15,085 
15,085
Currency exposures emanating from the investment portfolio are hedged in line with the Corporation’s policy. As at December 31, 
2023, the net open FX position was US$ 26.1 million (2022: US$ 66.5 million) representing 0.8% (2022: 2.5%) of shareholders’ funds as of 
that date. 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
204
150
f-150

--- Page 397 ---
No newly originated ﬂoating-rate loan or 
instrument will reference IBOR from 1 
January 2022. The Working Group is 
working closely with the business teams 
to establish pricing for new lending 
products to be indexed to alternative 
nearly risk-free rates.
A reform of major interest rate 
benchmarks (‘IBOR reform’) is being 
undertaken globally, which involves the 
replacement of some interbank offered 
rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-
free rates. The Corporation has signiﬁcant 
exposure to the London Interbank 
Offered Rate (LIBOR) that have been 
reformed as part of these market-wide 
initiatives.
The nature and extent of risks to which 
the Corporation is exposed as a result of 
IBOR reform is predominantly limited to 
interest rate basis risk.
Overview 
In response to these announcements, 
the Corporation in 2021 established a 
cross-functional IBOR Transition Working 
Group (the "Working Group") to 
manage its transition to the alternative 
reference rates. Theworking Group 
evaluated and quantiﬁed the 
Corporation's ﬁnancial assets and 
liabilities that reference LIBOR cashﬂows. 
The Working Group has also developed 
and ﬁnalised and started implementing 
its structured plan and roadmap for the 
transition and is currently managing 
communication about the LIBOR reform 
with clients and counterparties. The 
Working Group reports periodically to the 
Board and ALCO to support the 
management of interest rate risk and 
provide relevant information for key 
decisions relating to the LIBOR reform. 
They also collaborate with other business 
functions as needed. As at 31 December 
2023, the Corporation has successfully 
transitioned all of its remaining non-USD 
referencing contracts to alternative 
benchmarks by way of industry standard 
fallback language.
Risks arising from the interest rate 
benchmark reform 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate basis risk may arise if a non-
derivative instrument and the derivative 
instrument held to manage the interest 
risk on the non-derivative instrument 
transition to alternative benchmark rates 
at different times. This risk may also arise 
where back-to-back derivatives transition 
at different times. The Corporation has 
developed an appropriate strategy to 
ensure same-time transition of related 
instruments. The Corporation will also 
continue to monitor this risk against its 
interest rate risk management policy and 
transact additional basis interest rate 
swaps if required.
3.2.2    Interest rate risk
Interest rate basis risk may also arise if the 
bilateral negotiations with counterparties 
are not successfully concluded before 
the cessation of IBORs. This may create 
uncertainties relating to which interest 
rate would apply to the contract(s) and 
additional interest rate risk that was not 
anticipated when the contracts were 
entered into. For example, in some cases 
the fallback clauses in IBOR loan 
contracts may result in the interest rate 
becoming ﬁxed for the remaining term at 
the last IBOR quote. The Corporation is 
working closely with all counterparties to 
ensure that bilateral negotiations are 
completed on a timely basis. 
Over the course of the transition, the 
IBOR reform has had operational, risk 
management, legal and accounting 
impacts across all of our business lines. 
This includes the renegotiation of loan 
contracts through bilateral negotiation 
with customers, updating of contractual 
terms, updating of systems that use IBOR 
curves and revision of operational 
controls related to the reform.
Interest rate benchmark reform 
Progress on the transition to alternative 
benchmark interest rates
The Corporation has also upgraded its 
internal treasury, loan and risk manage-
ment systems to support the transition to 
SOFR. The Corporation continues to work 
closely with its system provider to ensure 
the relevant updates are made in good 
time with plans in place for alternative 
manual procedures with relevant 
controls to address any potential delay.
For existing contracts that are indexed to 
an IBOR and mature after the expected 
cessation of the IBOR rate, the Working 
Group has established policies to 
transition the affected contracts either by 
amending the contractual terms to 
replace the IBOR rate and/or including 
appropriate fallback clauses specifying 
the alternative benchmark rate, spread 
adjustment and the trigger event on 
which the clauses are activated.
 
The Corporation is exposed to the USD 
LIBOR and JPY LIBOR (collectively ‘IBORs’) 
which are referenced in derivatives and 
nonderivative ﬁnancial assets and 
liabilities with various counterparties. The 
alternative reference rate of the USD 
LIBOR is the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (SOFR) while the alternative 
reference rate for the JPY LIBOR is the 
Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (TONAR).
 
The Corporation’s interest rate risk 
management policy will also be applied 
to maintain the mix of ﬂoating rate and 
ﬁxed rate assets/liabilities.
Interest rate basis risk 
The Corporation has closely monitored 
the market and the output from the 
various industry working groups 
managing the transition to new 
benchmark interest rates. This includes 
announcements made by IBOR 
regulators (including the Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA) and the US 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission) 
regarding the transition from IBOR. The 
FCA has made clear that, at the end of 
2021, it will no longer seek to persuade, 
or compel, banks to submit to IBOR.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
205
151
f-151

--- Page 398 ---
a. Non-derivative ﬁnancial assets
As at December 31, 2023, the Corpora-
tion was still in the process of 
transitioning derivatives and/or negotiat-
ing fallback clauses for its LIBOR-linked 
non-derivative ﬁnancial assets.
 
The Working Group monitored the 
progress of transition from USD LIBOR to 
SOFR by reviewing the total amounts of 
impacted contracts and the amounts of 
such contracts that include an appropri-
ate fallback clause. The Corporation 
considers that a contract is not yet 
transitioned to an alternative benchmark 
rate when interest under the contract is 
indexed to a benchmark rate that is still 
subject to IBOR reform, even if it includes 
a fallback clause that deals with the 
cessation of the existing IBOR (referred to 
as an ‘unreformed contract’).
The Corporation’s IBOR exposures on 
ﬂoating-rate loans to customers is 
predominantly USD LIBOR. For these 
assets, the Corporation selected the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
('SOFR') as the replacement reference 
rate. This also consisted of a change to 
the underlying calculation methodology. 
SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of 
borrowing cash overnight collateralised 
by U.S. Treasury securities in the repur-
chase agreement (repo) market. This 
rate is robust, is not at risk of cessation, 
and it meets international standards. It is 
produced by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York in cooperation with the 
Ofﬁce of Financial Research.
The Corporation has commenced 
negotiations on fallback clauses on 
legacy contracts that will be impacted 
by the IBOR reform.
The following tables show the total 
amounts of unreformed non-derivative 
ﬁnancial assets at December 31, 2022 
and December 31, 2023. The amounts of 
these assets are shown at their gross 
carrying amounts. 
The publication of the one week and 
two-month USD LIBOR ceased on 
December 31, 2021 and all other USD 
LIBOR tenors (e.g., overnight, one month, 
three-month, six-month and twelve-
month) ceased after June 30, 2023 
(applicable to legacy contracts only).
Loans and advances to customers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 Dec 2022 
 
31 Dec 2023 
Amounts in thousands of dollars 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
 
USD LIBOR 
Trade Finance Loans 
 
 
 
- 
132,001
Project Finance Loans 
 
 
 
510,402 
1,455,153
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
510,402 
1,587,154
b. Non-derivative ﬁnancial liabilities
The Corporation has ﬂoating-rate 
liabilities indexed to USD LIBOR and JPY 
LIBOR. The Working Group and the 
Corporation’s treasury team had several 
discussions with the counterparties of our 
ﬁnancial liabilities to amend the 
contractual terms in response to IBOR 
reform. Based on the outcome of 
negotiations and industry working group 
recommendations, the counterparties 
have selected SOFR as the replacement 
for USD LIBOR and the Tokyo Overnight 
Average rate (TONA) for the exposures in 
JPY LIBOR.
The transition strategy for the JPY LIBOR 
exposure was to terminate the contract 
at the next reset date in the ﬁrst quarter 
of the 2022 ﬁnancial year. The 
Corporation has completed negotiations 
on fallback clauses on other legacy 
contracts that will be impacted by the 
IBOR reform.
The following tables show the total 
amounts of unreformed non-derivative 
ﬁnancial liabilities as at December 31, 
2022. The amounts shown in the table are 
the carrying amounts. The Corporation 
has no unreformed non-derivative 
ﬁnancial liabilities as at 31 December 
2023. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other Borrowings 
 
 
 
- 
1,233,488
 
 
 
31 Dec 2022 
 
31 Dec 2023 
 
 
 
 
- 
1,233,488
Amounts in thousands of dollars 
 
 
USD LIBOR 
 
USD LIBOR 
Floating rate Notes 
 
 
 
- 
-
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
206
152
f-152

--- Page 399 ---
The Corporation has adhered to the 
protocol to implement the fallbacks to 
derivative contracts that were entered 
into before the effective date of the 
supplement. 
The following tables show the total 
amounts of unreformed derivative 
instruments and amounts that include 
appropriate fallback language at 
December 31, 2022 and as at 
December 31, 2023.
c. Derivatives 
The Corporation holds derivatives for 
trading and risk management purposes 
(see note 17). None of the derivatives 
held for risk management purposes are 
designated in hedging relationships. The 
exposures to IBORs are in interest rate 
caps and cross-currency swaps with 
ﬂoating legs that are indexed to IBORs. 
The Corporation’s derivative instruments 
are governed by ISDA’s 2006 deﬁnitions.
ISDA has reviewed its deﬁnitions in light 
of IBOR reform and issued an IBOR 
fallbacks supplement on 23 October 
2020. This sets out how the amendments 
to new alternative benchmark rates (e.g. 
SOFR) in the 2006 ISDA deﬁnitions will be 
accomplished. The effect of the 
supplement is to create fallback 
provisions in derivatives that describe 
what ﬂoating rates will apply on the 
permanent discontinuation of certain 
key IBORs or on ISDA declaring a non-
representative determination of an IBOR.
Where derivative counterparties also 
adhered to the protocol, then new 
fallbacks were implemented in existing 
derivative contracts. During the course 
of transition, the Corporation monitored 
whether its counterparties also adhered 
to the protocol and, where 
counterparties did not, then the 
Corporation negotiated with them 
bilaterally about inclusion of new 
fallback clauses.
For cross currency swaps, the 
Corporation used the notional amount 
of the receive leg of the swap. The 
Corporation expects both legs of cross-
currency swaps to be reformed 
simultaneously.
 
 
 
Cash ﬂow interest rate risk is the risk that 
the future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial 
instrument will ﬂuctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. Fair 
value interest rate risk is the risk that the 
value of a ﬁnancial instrument will 
ﬂuctuate because of changes in market 
interest rates. The Corporation takes on 
exposures to the effects of ﬂuctuations in 
the prevailing levels of market interest 
rates on both the fair value of its 
ﬁnancial instruments and cash ﬂows. 
Interest margins may increase as a 
result of such changes but may 
produce losses in the event that adverse 
movements arise. The Board sets 
applicable limits on the level of interest 
rate mismatch that may be undertaken.
Cashﬂow Interest rate risk 
Amounts in thousands of dollars 
 
JPY LIBOR
JPY LIBOR 
USD LIBOR 
 
USD LIBOR 
Interest rate swaps 
 
- 
- 
258,786 
13,701
Derivatives held for risk management
 
 
- 
- 
258,786 
13,701
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 Dec 2022
31 Dec 2022 
31 Dec 2023 
31 Dec 2023 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
207
153
f-153

--- Page 400 ---
Borrowings 
 
2,563,417 
5,004,788 
- 
7,568,205
Other liabilities 
 
- 
- 
164,104 
164,104
Liabilities
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
- 
- 
72,281 
72,281
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
2,563,417 
5,004,788 
236,385 
7,804,590
Total interest repricing gap 
 
2,231,134 
(858,880) 
1,337,642 
2,709,896
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
6,103,302 
3,986,890 
1,763,916 
11,854,108
Assets 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Pledged assets 
 
- 
521,039 
- 
521,039
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets 
 
- 
- 
23,848 
23,848
Repricing dates 
 
Up to 3  
Above 3 
Non-Interest 
 
Assets 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
1,372,568 
- 
- 
1,372,568
Loans and advances to customers 
 
1,880,882 
1,731,382 
- 
3,612,264
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
4,251,580 
4,072,903 
270,765 
8,595,248
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
- 
- 
128,914 
128,914
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Repricing dates 
 
Up to 3  
Above 3 
Non-Interest 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
 
1,567,451 
2,715,841 
- 
4,283,292
Borrowings 
 
4,251,580 
4,072,903 
- 
8,324,483
Cash and balances with banks 
 
- 
- 
6,711 
6,711
Other liabilities 
 
- 
- 
141,851 
141,851
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
months 
months 
Bearing 
Total 
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
- 
- 
263,391 
263,391
Loans and advances to banks 
 
1,142,191 
164,938 
63,974 
1,371,103
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
1,770 
230,620 
1,369,012 
1,601,402
Investment securities 
 
3,391,890 
354,452 
36,980 
3,783,322
Liabilities
Total interest repricing gap 
 
1,851,722 
(86,013) 
1,493,151 
3,258,860 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
months 
months 
Bearing 
Total 
Cash and balances with banks 
 
- 
- 
122,682 
122,682
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
 
- 
- 
184,370 
184,370
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
12,908 
463,870 
1,147,176 
1,623,954
Investment securities 
 
1,528,193 
1,339,447 
52,920 
2,920,560
Other assets 
 
- 
- 
66,879 
66,879
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
4,794,551 
4,145,908 
1,574,027 
10,514,486
Pledged assets 
 
- 
611,209 
- 
611,209
The table below summarises the Corporation’s exposure to interest rate risks. It includes the Corporation’s ﬁnancial instruments at 
carrying amounts, categorised by the earlier of contractual repricing or maturity dates.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
208
154
f-154

--- Page 401 ---
to banks 
1,376,627 1,376,627
 
US$’000 
US$’000
 
 
parallel 
parallel 
2023 
5,652 
(5,652) 
Ÿ
day-to-day funding, managed by 
monitoring future cash ﬂows to 
ensure that requirements can be 
met;
Ÿ
monitoring statement of ﬁnancial 
position liquidity ratios against 
internal requirements; and
The Corporation holds a diversiﬁed 
portfolio of cash and High-Quality Liquid 
Assets (“HQLA”) to support ﬁnancial 
obligations and contingent funding in a 
stressed market environment. HQLA 
generally include cash, inter-bank 
placements and certain marketable 
securities backed by sovereigns and 
central banks. These assets are typically 
of the highest quality and the most 
liquid, and there is no limit on the extent 
to which these assets are held to meet 
the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) . 
Other HQLA assets include government 
securities and corporate debt securities. 
The assets held for managing liquidity 
risk are comprise:
2022 
1,163 
(1,163)
Liquidity risk is the risk that the 
Corporation is unable to meet its 
payment obligations associated with its 
ﬁnancial liabilities when they fall due 
and to replace funds when they are 
withdrawn. The consequence may be 
the failure to meet obligations to repay 
lenders and fulﬁl commitments to lend.
 
2023
 
 
 
 
 
 
The management of interest rate risk 
against interest rate gap limits is 
supplemented by the sensitivity of the 
Corporation’s ﬁnancial assets and 
liabilities to various standard interest rate 
scenarios. The table below shows an 
analysis of the sensitivity of the 
Corporation’s Proﬁt or Loss and Other 
Comprehensive Income to an increase 
or decrease in market interest rates, 
assuming no asymmetrical movement in 
yield curves and a constant balance 
sheet position. However, for the purpose 
of sensitivity analysis, we have used a 
conservative assumption of 50 basis 
point (bp) parallel fall or rise in interest 
rates of the ﬁnancial assets and liabilities.
Sensitivity of reported 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Corporation’s liquidity management 
process includes:
Interest rate sensitivities 
Proﬁt or Loss for the year 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In US$’000 
50 bp 
50 bp 
3.3 Liquidity Risk  
 
 
increase decrease 
There were no interest-bearing ﬁnancial 
asset measured at FVOCI during the 
period (2022: Nil).
Ÿ
managing the concentration and 
proﬁle of debt maturities.
 
Carrying 
Fair  
 
Amount 
Value 
Cash and balances
with banks 
6,711 
6,711 
Loans and advances
Investment securities 2,108,533 2,108,518
Total liquidity
 
Amount 
Value 
 
Carrying 
Fair  
Cash and balances
with banks 
122,682 
122,682 
Loans and advances
 
Total liquidity
Investment securities 1,497,491 1,497,392
 
reserves 
2,995,106 2,995,007
 
US$’000 
US$’000
 
2022
reserves 
3,491,871 3,491,856
to banks 
1,374,933 1,374,933
Monitoring and reporting take the form 
of daily cash ﬂow measurement and 
projections. The starting point for those 
projections is an analysis of the 
contractual maturity of the ﬁnancial 
liabilities and the expected collection 
date of the ﬁnancial assets.
The Corporation has a Liquidity Policy 
and Contingency Funding Plan that 
deﬁnes extensively how liquidity risk 
would be managed within the 
Corporation. The policy requires that the 
Corporations keeps High Quality Liquid 
Assets (“HQLA”) to cover its Minimum 
liquidity Level (“MLL”) at twelve and 
eighteen months under ‘stress’ and 
business as usual (“BAU”) conditions 
respectively. MLL, or the purpose of the 
Corporation, is deﬁned as the level of 
liquidity that is available to meet the 
Corporation’s ﬁnancial obligations 
repayment of borrowing - principal plus 
interest accruals, operating expenses 
and other non-cancellable debt and 
equity commitments). Similar to the 
provisions of Basel III Capital Accord on 
Liquidity, the Corporation has deﬁned its 
Liquidity Coverage ratio (“LCR”) as its 
stock of HQLA as a proportion of its MLL, 
as deﬁned above. Under both stress and 
BAU conditions, the LCR is required to be 
greater than 100%.
As at December 31, 2023, the LCR was 
under stress scenario 143% (December 
31, 2022: 157%) and under normal 
circumstances 161% (December 31, 
2022: 202%).
The table below analyses the 
Corporation’s ﬁnancial instruments into 
relevant maturity groupings based on 
the remaining period at the statement 
of ﬁnancial position date to the 
contractual maturity date. The amounts 
disclosed in the table are the 
contractual undiscounted cash ﬂows 
which include estimated interest, 
payments non-derivative ﬁnancial 
liabilities and ﬁnancial assets. 
Commitments are disclosed on the 
basis of the earliest possible contractual 
maturity while the contractual 
undiscounted cash ﬂows are disclosed 
for derivative assets and liabilities. That is 
the gross nominal inﬂows and outﬂows 
for derivatives that have simultaneous 
gross settlement (e.g. forward exchange 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
209
155
f-155

--- Page 402 ---
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to banks 
1,371,103 
914,339 
278,735 
50,698 
169,726 
- 
- 
- 
1,413,498
Pledged assets 
521,039 
- 
8,475 
116,610 
10,634 
55,302 
340,749 
38,269 
570,039
-  Cross currency swaps
All ﬁgures in US$’000 
Carrying  
Within 1  
1 to 3  
3 to 6 
6 to 12  
1 to 2 
2 -5 
Above 5 
Nominal
with banks 
 6,711 
6,711 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6,711
-  Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inﬂows - 
251,705 
314,036 
626,590 
297,994 
17,278 
187,548 
- 
- 
1,443,447
other customers 
4,283,292 
115,895 
267,391 
389,642 
740,561 
852,702 
2,014,964 
2,432,225 
6,813,380
-  Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances
 
 
Outﬂows - 
106,797 
(80,478) 
(43,565) (1,127,259) 
- 
(3,312) 
(55,166) 
- (1,309,779)
 
 
Outﬂows - 
- 
- 
2,031 
4,788 
4,491 
8,169 
20,808 
(2,633) 
37,654
Financial assets at fair 
value through proﬁt or loss 
1,601,402 
- 
19,008 
7,755 
11,029 
97,172 
136,782 
1,503,151 
1,774,897
-  Interest Rate Options 
2,858 
- 
- 
- 
(445) 
(1,885) 
- 
- 
(2,330)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  Cross currency swaps
 
 
Outﬂows - 
5,252 
- 
(2,070) 
(3,394) 
(4,162) 
(7,149) 
(16,910) 
(454) 
(34,138)
Funding Gap 
 
3,418,546 
951,489 
657,106 (1,008,512) (1,745,552) (1,450,924) 
2,650,866 
3,473,019
 
Amount 
Month 
Months 
Months 
Months 
Years 
Years 
Years 
Amount 
Loans and advances 
-  Interest Rate Options 
2,858 
- 
- 
258 
103 
106 
524 
239 
1,230
Derivative assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  Forward contracts 
10 
61,720 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
61,720
Investment securities 
3,783,322 
2,151,242 
551,654 
978,914 
23,580 
117,945 
169,809 
644,490 
4,637,634
 
 
Inﬂows - 
8,818 
- 
2,149 
3,472 
4,317 
7,437 
17,675 
454 
35,504
 
 
Outﬂows - 
- 
(207,339) 
(494,493) 
(253,090) 
(19,898) 
(175,379) 
- 
- (1,150,198)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross 
Loans and advances to
Other liabilities 
141,851 
26,945 
113,920 
986 
- 
- 
- 
- 
141,851
Derivative liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets 
23,848 
- 
23,848 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
23,848
Borrowings 
8,324,483 
2,060 
67,794 
767,230 
679,380 
2,736,394 
3,545,703 
1,926,498 
9,725,059
-  Forward contracts 
14,007 
(55,892) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(55,892)
Total ﬁnancial assets 
11,854,108 
3,356,605 
1,285,388 
1,597,041 
961,821 
1,151,002 
2,701,312 
4,616,195 15,669,364
 
 
Inﬂows - 
- 
- 
2,269 
2,668 
4,728 
6,616 
17,540 
1,589 
35,411
 
 
Inﬂows - 
- 
30,298 
16,196 
1,061,629 
2,461 
4,393 
55,271 
- 
1,170,248
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
8,595,248 
(77,067) 
154,544 
701,861 
681,962 
2,735,057 
3,546,439 
1,927,633 
9,670,430
Commitments 
2,525,916 
15,126 
179,355 
238,074 
1,288,371 
161,497 
605,797 
37,696 
2,525,916
Cumulative funding gap 
 
3,418,546 
4,370,035 
5,027,141 
4,018,629 
2,273,077 
822,153 
3,473,019 
contracts and currency swaps) and the 
net amounts for derivatives that are net 
settled.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
210
156
f-156

--- Page 403 ---
with banks 
 122,682 
122,682 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
122,682
December 31, 2022
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross 
All ﬁgures in US$’000 
Carrying  
Within 1  
1 to 3  
3 to 6 
6 to 12  
1 to 2 
2 -5 
Above 5 
Nominal
 
Amount 
Month 
Months 
Months 
Months 
Years 
Years 
Years 
Amount
Cash and balances
-  Forward contracts 
23,192 
(11,701) 
7,778 
72 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(3,851)
Derivative assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  Forward contracts 
40,242 
(586,503) 
10,002 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(576,501)
 
 
Outﬂows - 
- 
(291) 
- 
(976,373) 
(467,886) 
(5,415) 
(174,419) 
- (1,624,384)
Other assets 
66,879 
66,879 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
66,879
-  Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other liabilities 
164,104 
164,104 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
164,104
Financial assets at fair
Pledged assets 
611,209 
1,020 
73,944 
9,421 
90,882 
135,536 
360,453 
71,719 
742,975
Total ﬁnancial assets 
10,514,486 
2,121,357 
1,242,943 
1,137,194 
1,092,825 
1,276,501 
2,629,153 
3,215,940 12,715,913
-  Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inﬂows - 
- 
(42,670) 
(465) 
- 
(1,072) 
(2,137) 
(5,105) 
(944) 
(52,393)
value through proﬁt or loss 
1,623,954 
4,502 
24,696 
14,087 
34,842 
279,308 
316,659 
1,066,221 
1,740,315
Funding Gap 
 
1,888,546 
1,080,312 
957,180 
(62,106) (2,057,758) 
(369,808) 
695,386 
2,131,752
 
 
Inﬂows - 
112,145 
- 
- 
1,047,800 
491,699 
2,065 
171,987 
- 
1,713,551
-  Interest Rate Options 
23,192 
- 
- 
555 
- 
- 
- 
- 
555
Derivative liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inﬂows - 
- 
- 
(1,216) 
(233,548) 
(2,615) 
(4,719) 
(59,664) 
- 
(301,762)
-  Interest Rate Options 
12,757 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(4) 
(742) 
(2,551) 
(3,297)
Loans and advances to 
Loans and advances
Investment securities 
2,920,560 
1,552,188 
1,121 
845,652 
297,294 
109,918 
70,117 
814,213 
3,690,503
Borrowings 
7,568,205 
2,468 
42,943 
153,875 
1,029,498 
2,090,598 
2,906,202 
2,476,273 
8,701,857
to banks 
1,372,568 
899,013 
762,151 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,661,164
other customers 
3,612,264 
19,121 
371,538 
195,398 
645,392 
754,246 
1,883,507 
1,263,400 
5,132,602
 
 
Inﬂows - 
8,791 
42,746 
- 
654 
1,632 
2,873 
5,470 
1,045 
54,420
 
 
Outﬂows - 
9,678 
42,746 
654 
- 
1,632 
2,873 
5,470 
1,045 
54,420
 
 
Outﬂows - 
- 
- 
(509) 
- 
(1,030) 
(2,030) 
(4,621) 
(658) 
(8,848)
-  Cross currency swaps
-  Cross currency swaps
 
 
Outﬂows - 
26,654 
- 
1,874 
244,615 
- 
2,993 
58,167 
- 
307,649
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
7,804,590 
154,947 
51,568 
165,014 
1,027,443 
2,089,604 
2,904,328 
2,473,823 
8,866,727
Commitments 
1,717,435 
77,864 
111,063 
15,000 
127,488 
1,244,655 
94,633 
46,731 
1,717,434
Cumulative funding gap 
 
1,888,546 
2,968,858 
3,926,038 
3,863,932 
1,806,174 
1,436,366 
2,131,752
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
211
157
f-157

--- Page 404 ---
Encumbered 
Unencumbered 
Total
The following table sets out the availability of the Corporation’s ﬁnancial assets (excluding equity securities and derivative assets) 
to support future funding. 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks 
16 
- 
1,372,568 
1,372,568
Loans and advances to other customers 
18 
- 
3,612,264 
3,612,264
Financial assets available to support future funding 
 
 
 
 
Other assets 
22 
- 
23,848 
23,848
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities 
 
- 
3,746,342 
3,746,342
Loans and advances to other customers 
18 
- 
4,283,292 
4,283,292
Pledged assets 
21 
521,039 
- 
521,039
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
 
 
 
Encumbered 
Unencumbered 
Total
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Assets
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
- 
329,380 
329,380
Total assets 
 
521,039 
9,760,676 
10,281,715 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks 
15 
- 
6,711 
6,711
Loans and advances to banks 
16 
- 
1,371,103 
1,371,103
December 31, 2022 
 
 
Note 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Assets
Cash and balances with banks 
15 
- 
122,682 
122,682
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
- 
557,907 
557,907
Investment securities 
 
- 
2,867,640 
2,867,640
Total assets 
 
611,209 
8,599,940 
9,211,149
Pledged assets 
21 
611,209 
- 
611,209
Other assets 
22 
- 
66,879 
66,879
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
212
158
f-158

--- Page 405 ---
Critically appraises
potential investment
commitments
As required
Responsible for
liquidity management
and market risk
Monthly
Implementation of
the risk management
framework
Monthly
Review valuations of
equity and hybrid
investments
Quarterly
Manages the
procurement process.
Ensures value for money
As required
Provides strategic
direction on IT
architecture and
infrastructure
As required
Board of
Directors
Investment
Committee
Asset & Liability
Management
Committee (ALCO)
Risk Committee
(RISKCO)
Valuation Committee
(VALCO)
Procurement
 Committee (PC)
IT Steering
Committee
Sub-Investment
Committee
Executive Mangement
Committee (EXCO)
Board of
Directors
Board Nominations
and Governance
Committee
Board Audit
and Compliance
Committee
Board Risk
and Investment
Committee
Delegated Role
Sitting Frequency
Nominations and Appointments
Governance Policy and Monitoring
Quarterly
Audit Review  and Approval
Internal Compliance Monitoring
Quarterly
Risk Policy and Units
Investment Strategy and Approvals
Quarterly + As required
3.4 Capital Management & Governance structure
The Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility for policy formulation, strategy and decision making, with speciﬁc authority 
delegated to three subsidiary committees and Executive Management for day-to-day operations. Below represent the reporting 
structures of the various Board committees within the Corporation. 
In carrying out its oversight functions, EXCO through various committees manages the day to day operations of the Corporation. 
Below is a chart of the various sub committees of EXCO and their mandates.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
213
159
f-159

--- Page 406 ---
Financial Report
to comply with the capital require-
Ÿ
ments set by the Board of Directors 
of the Corporation;
The Corporation’s objectives when 
managing capital, which is a broader 
concept than the ‘equity’ on the face of 
the statement of ﬁnancial position are:
 
to safeguard the Corporation’s ability 
Ÿ
to continue as a going concern so 
that it can continue to provide 
returns for shareholders and beneﬁts 
for other stakeholders; and
At the end of the ﬁnancial year, the 
capital adequacy ratio stood at 34.5% 
(2022: 34.3%) and 32.3% (2022: 31.5%) 
excluding the Tier II capital borrowings. 
The Corporation’s capital currently 
comprises of Tier 1 - 91% (2022: 89%) and 
Tier 2 - 9% (2022: 11%) capital as shown 
below:
Tier 2: Comprises of unrealised gains 
arising from the fair valuation of equity 
instruments held at fair value through 
other comprehensive income, collective 
impairment allowance made on debt 
instruments and borrowings which meet 
the criteria for inclusion as tier 2 capital 
under Basel requirements.
The Corporation raised additional Tier 1 
capital of US$486.8 million during the 
year from new and existing shareholders. 
As part of the long-term process to 
continually strengthen our capital base, 
callable capital was introduced into the 
capital structure of the Corporation. At 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding 
callable capital amounted to US$39 
million (2022: US$23 million). The callable 
capital was credit enhanced using 
insurance cover from investment grade 
rated insurance companies.
The risk weighted assets are measured 
by means of a hierarchy of risk weights 
classiﬁed according to the nature of 
(and reﬂecting an estimate of credit, 
market and other risks associated with) 
each asset and counterparty, taking into 
account any eligible collateral or 
guarantees. A similar treatment is 
adopted for off-balance sheet expo-
sures, with some adjustments to reﬂect 
the more contingent nature of the 
potential losses.
The table below summarises the 
composition of capital and the ratios of 
the Corporation for the year ended 
December 31, 2023. The Corporation has 
no externally imposed capital require-
ments, but complied with its own internal 
capital adequacy requirements 
described above, during the year under 
review.
Capital adequacy is monitored regularly 
by the Corporation’s management, 
employing techniques derived from the 
guidelines developed by the Basel 
Committee. The Corporation’s Capital 
Adequacy Framework requires the 
business to maintain a ratio of total risk 
capital to the risk-weighted asset (the 
Basel ratio) at a minimum of 30%. To 
allow for a proactive management of 
any issue with its capital position, the 
Corporation has further deﬁned an 
internal trigger at 40% that would 
necessitate the activation of a remedial 
action.
Tier 1: Comprises of share capital, share 
warrants and retained earnings created 
by appropriations of retained earnings.
to maintain a strong capital base to 
Ÿ
support the development of its 
business.
Risk-weighted assets:
Total risk-weighted assets 
 
 
11,028,021 
8,924,488
Off-balance sheet 
 
 
1,358,287 
436,881
Basel ratio 
 
 
34.5 % 
34.3 %
Net fair valuation loss on FVOCI assets 
 
 
(27,020) 
(24,299)
Total qualifying Tier 1 capital 
 
 
3,447,712 
2,723,735
Tier 2 capital
Tier 1 capital 
 
 
 
 
Share capital 
 
 
1,537,719 
1,290,527
Total qualifying capital 
 
 
3,808,542 
3,060,992
Share premium 
 
 
423,675 
184,018
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022  
Impairment allowance 
 
 
137,850 
111,556
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
Retained earnings 
 
 
1,286,318 
1,049,190
Borrowings 
 
 
250,000 
250,000
Share warrants 
 
 
200,000 
200,000
On-balance sheet 
 
 
9,669,734 
8,487,607
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
214
160
f-160

--- Page 407 ---
-     Level 1: inputs that are quoted 
market prices (unadjusted) in active 
markets for identical instruments.
The Corporation has an established 
control framework with respect to the 
measurement of fair values. This 
framework includes a Product Control 
For more complex ﬁnancial instruments, 
the Corporation uses proprietary 
valuation models, which are usually 
developed from recognised valuation 
models. Some or all of the signiﬁcant 
inputs into these models may not be 
observable in the market, and are 
derived from market prices or rates or are 
estimated based on assumptions. 
Examples of instruments involving 
signiﬁcant unobservable inputs include 
unquoted equity securities for which 
there is no active market.  Valuation 
models that employ signiﬁcant 
unobservable inputs require a higher 
degree of management judgement and 
estimation in the determination of fair 
value. Management judgement and 
estimation are usually required for 
selection of the appropriate valuation 
model to be used, determination of 
expected future cash ﬂows on the 
ﬁnancial instrument being valued, 
determination of the probability of 
counterparty default and prepayments 
and selection of appropriate discount 
rates.
The Corporation uses widely recognised 
valuation models for determining the fair 
value of common and plain vanilla 
ﬁnancial instruments, such as interest 
rate and currency swaps that use only 
observable market data and require little 
management judgement and estima-
tion. Observable prices or model inputs 
are usually available in the market for 
listed debt and equity securities, 
exchange-traded derivatives and simple 
over-the-counter derivatives such as 
interest rate swaps. Availability of 
observable market prices and model 
inputs reduces the need for manage-
ment judgement and estimation and 
also reduces the uncertainty associated 
with determining fair values. Availability of 
observable market prices and inputs 
varies depending on the products and 
markets and is prone to changes based 
on speciﬁc events and general 
conditions in the ﬁnancial markets.
3.5   Fair value of ﬁnancial assets 
and liabilities
(a)    Valuation models
The Corporation measures fair values 
using the following fair value hierarchy, 
which reﬂects the signiﬁcance of the 
inputs used in making the measure-
ments.
(b)    Valuation framework
The fair values of ﬁnancial assets and 
ﬁnancial liabilities that are traded in 
active markets are based on quoted 
market prices or dealer price quotations. 
For all other ﬁnancial instruments, the 
Corporation determines fair values using 
other valuation techniques. For ﬁnancial 
instruments that trade infrequently and 
have little price transparency, fair value is 
less objective, and requires varying 
degrees of judgement depending on 
liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of 
market factors, pricing assumptions and 
other risks affecting the speciﬁc 
instrument.
-     Level 3: inputs that are unobservable. 
This category includes all instruments 
for which the valuation technique 
includes inputs not based on observ-
able data and the unobservable 
inputs have a signiﬁcant effect on 
the instrument’s valuation. This cate-
gory includes instruments that are 
valued based on quoted prices for 
similar instruments for which signiﬁ-
cant unobservable adjustments or 
assumptions are required to reﬂect 
differences between the instruments.
-     Level 2: inputs other than quoted 
prices included within Level 1 that 
are observable either directly (i.e. as 
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from 
prices). This category includes 
instruments valued using: quoted 
market prices in active markets for 
similar instruments; quoted prices for 
identical or similar instruments in 
markets that are considered less 
than active; or other valuation 
techniques in which all signiﬁcant 
inputs are directly or indirectly 
observable from market data.
Valuation techniques include net present 
value and discounted cash ﬂow models, 
comparison with similar instruments for 
which market observable prices exist, 
Black-Scholes and polynomial option 
pricing models and other valuation 
models. Assumptions and inputs used in 
valuation techniques include risk-free 
and benchmark interest rates, credit 
spreads and other premia used in 
estimating discount rates, bond and 
equity prices, foreign currency exchange 
rates, equity and equity index prices and 
expected price volatilities and correla-
tions.
The objective of valuation techniques is 
to arrive at a fair value measurement 
that reﬂects the price that would be 
received to sell the asset or paid to 
transfer the liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants 
at the measurement date.
Current year valuation and sensitivity 
methodologies are consistent with those 
described within note 3.5, fair value of 
ﬁnancial instruments in the Corporation’s 
2022 annual report.
Fair value estimates obtained from 
models are adjusted for any other 
factors, such as liquidity risk or model 
uncertainties, to the extent that the 
Corporation believes that a third-party 
market participant would take them into 
account in pricing a transaction. Fair 
values reﬂect the credit risk of the 
instrument and include adjustments to 
take account of the credit risk of the 
counterparty where appropriate.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
215
161
f-161

--- Page 408 ---
function, which is independent of front 
ofﬁce management and reports to the 
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, and which has 
overall responsibility for independently 
verifying the results of investment 
operations and all fair value measure-
ments. Speciﬁc controls in the 
Corporation’s valuation control frame-
work include:
a review and approval process for 
Ÿ
new models and changes to models 
analysis and investigation of 
signiﬁcant daily valuation move-
ments; and
an established procedure for the 
Ÿ
independent re-performance and 
validation of model-based valuations;
an established procedure for the 
Ÿ
veriﬁcation of observable market 
prices;
Level 2 and 3 categories, fair valuation 
adjustments are approved by the Board 
of Directors through two of its subsidiary 
committees: Audit and Compliance 
Committee and Risk and Investment 
Committee.
review of unobservable inputs, 
Ÿ
valuation adjustments and changes 
to the fair value measurement of 
Level 3 instruments compared with 
the previous period, by the valuation 
committee (a committee which 
includes the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer 
and the Chief Risk Ofﬁcer)
The following table analyses ﬁnancial 
instruments measured at fair value as at 
December 31, 2023, by the level in the 
fair value hierarchy into which the fair 
value measurement is categorised. The 
amounts are based on the values 
recognised in the statement of ﬁnancial 
position.
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
-  
Interest rate options 
 
- 
2,858 
-
Derivatives assets 
 
 
-  
Interest rate swaps 
 
- 
8,818 
-
-  
Interest rate options 
 
- 
2,858 
-
Liabilities 
 
 
Derivatives liabilities 
 
 
-  
Cross currency swaps 
 
- 
106,797 
-
 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3
-  
Cross currency swaps 
 
- 
251,705 
-
-  
Debt securities 
 
8,525 
- 
298,607
-  
Interest rate swaps 
 
- 
5,252 
-
Total 
 
- 
128,914 
-
-  
Equity securities (FVOCI) 
 
19,226 
- 
17,754
Investment securities: 
 
 
-  
Forward contracts 
 
- 
10 
-
Total 
 
67,515 
263,391 
1,570,867
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
-  
Equity securities 
 
17,516 
- 
1,254,506
-  
Assets under management (debt securities) 
 
22,248 
- 
-
-  
Forward contracts 
 
- 
14,007 
-
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
216
162
f-162

--- Page 409 ---
-  
Cross currency swaps 
 
- 
26,654 
-
-  
Interest rate swaps 
 
- 
9,678 
-
Total 
 
- 
72,281 
-
-  
Interest rate options 
 
- 
23,192 
-
-  
Equity securities 
 
14,059 
- 
1,051,988
 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
-  
Forward contracts 
 
- 
40,242 
-
Assets 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Derivatives assets 
 
 
-  
Cross currency swaps 
 
- 
112,145 
-
-  
Interest rate swaps 
 
- 
8,791 
-
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss: 
 
 
-  
Assets under management (debt securities) 
 
19,837 
- 
-
-  
Debt securities 
 
- 
- 
538,070
Investment securities: 
 
 
Total 
 
53,610 
184,370 
1,623,264
Liabilities 
 
 
-  
Equity securities (FVOCI) 
 
19,714 
- 
33,206
Derivatives liabilities 
 
 
-  
Forward contracts 
 
- 
23,192 
-
-  
Interest rate options 
 
- 
12,757 
-
 Assumptions and inputs used include 
risk-free and benchmark interest rates, 
credit spreads and other premia used in 
estimating discount rates, foreign 
currency exchange rates, and expected 
price volatilities and correlations.
The hybrid instruments were valued 
using the binomial tree model. The zero 
rate curve used in the model was 
obtained from an observable ﬁnancial 
market (2022: the zero rate curve used in 
the model was obtained from an 
observable ﬁnancial market was used to 
value the hybrid instruments).
The foreign exchange forward contracts 
and interest rate swaps were valued 
using widely recognised valuation 
models that use only observable market 
data and require little management 
judgement and estimation. The option 
contracts were valued using the Black 
Scholes option pricing model.
The Corporation’s policy is to recognise 
transfers into and transfers out of fair 
value hierarchy levels as at the end of 
the reporting period. There were no 
transfers between levels 1 and 2 for 
recurring fair value measurements 
during the year.
Level 2 fair value measurements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
217
163
f-163

--- Page 410 ---
At beginning of year 
 
 
1,623,264 
1,485,068
Reconciliation of Level 3 items
Unrealised (losses)/gains: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
-  
in OCI 
 
 
(2,016) 
(646)
 
 
- 
 in proﬁt of loss 
 
 
50,703 
63,160
Transfer to level 3 
 
 
There were no transfers to level 3 during the ﬁnancial year (2022: Nil).
Derecognised 
 
 
(269,268) 
(10)
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
At the end of year 
 
 
1,570,867 
1,623,264
Repayment/disposal 
 
 
(21,759) 
(40,125)
Additions 
 
 
189,943 
115,817
Level 3 fair value measurements
The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the 
ending balances for fair value measurements in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
Type of ﬁnancial 
instrument
Fair value 
 (US$’000)
December 31, 
2023
Valuation 
technique
Signiﬁcant 
unobservable 
input
Range of 
estimates for 
unobservable 
input
Fair value measurement sensitivity to 
unobservable inputs
Unquoted equity 
securities
1,272,260
Discounted 
cashﬂow
WACC
10.6% - 17.9%
Signiﬁcant increases in the cost of equity, in 
isolation, would result in lower fair values. 
Signiﬁcant reduction would result in higher 
fair values
Terminal growth 
rate
2.7% - 6.1%
Signiﬁcant increases in terminal growth 
rate, in isolation, would result in higher fair 
values. Signiﬁcant reduction would result in 
lower fair values
Debt securities
307,135
Option 
Pricing 
Model
Credit Spread
1.81% - 3.5% Signiﬁcant increases in credit spread, in 
isolation, would result in lower fair values. 
Signiﬁcant reduction would result in higher 
fair values
Total
1,579,395
December 31, 2023
Unobservable inputs used in measuring fair value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The table below sets out information about signiﬁcant unobservable inputs 
used as at December 31, 2023 in measuring ﬁnancial instruments categorised 
as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
218
164
f-164

--- Page 411 ---
December 31, 2022
The valuation techniques and signiﬁcant 
unobservable inputs for assets and 
liabilities recognised at fair value and 
classiﬁed as level 3 are consistent with 
note 3.5, fair value of ﬁnancial instru-
ments in the Corporation’s 2022 annual 
report.
Signiﬁcant unobservable inputs in the 
discounted cash ﬂow technique applied 
are developed as follows:
(ii) 'The risk-free rate was sourced from 
Bloomberg and determined using 
the yield on the US Government 
bond and Germany Government 
bond (for Euro-denominated assets) 
of the appropriate tenor and this was 
adjusted for country risk premium 
(for unquoted securities denomi-
nated in US Dollars and Euros).
(iii) Equity risk premium was determined 
based on data obtained from 
Damodaran Online and expert 
judgment.
(i) The Corporation applied the Capital 
Asset Pricing Model to determine the 
cost of equities for its various 
unquoted equities which were fair 
valued at year end.
(iv) Beta estimates were obtained from 
Damodaran Online and illiquidity 
and minority discounts applied in 
line with valuation best practices.
The effect of unobservable inputs on 
fair value measurement
The Corporation believes that its 
estimates of fair values are appropriate. 
However, the use of different methodolo-
gies or assumptions could lead to 
different measurements of fair value. For 
fair value measurements in Level 3, 
changing the cost of equity or terminal 
growth rate by a reasonable possible 
value, in isolation, would have the 
following effects on Other Comprehen-
sive Income and proﬁt or loss for the year 
as follows:
Key Assumption 
Increase 
 Decrease 
Increase 
Decrease
Terminal growth rate 
- 
- 
35,204 
(38,301)
US$ '000 - December 31, 2022 
 
Other 
 
 
 Comprehensive Income  
Proﬁt or loss  
WACC 
 (1,006) 
1,076 
(145,424) 
118,080
 
 
1%  
1% 
1% 
1%  
Cost of equity 
643 
421 
85,934 
(72,232)
Terminal growth rate 
- 
- 
753 
(649)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Key Assumption 
Increase 
 Decrease 
Increase 
Decrease
US$ '000 - December 31, 2023 
 
Other 
 
 
1%  
1% 
1% 
1%  
 
 
 
Comprehensive Income  
Proﬁt or loss  
Type of ﬁnancial 
instrument
December 31, 
2022
Fair value 
 (US$’000)
Valuation 
technique
Signiﬁcant 
unobservable 
input
Range of 
estimates for 
unobservable 
input
Fair value measurement sensitivity to 
unobservable inputs
Unquoted equity 
securities
1,085,194
Discounted 
cashﬂow
WACC
10.3% - 15.0%
Signiﬁcant increases in the cost of equity, in 
isolation, would result in lower fair values. 
Signiﬁcant reduction would result in higher 
fair values
Terminal growth 
rate
1% - 3.3%
Signiﬁcant increases in terminal growth 
rate, in isolation, would result in higher fair 
values. Signiﬁcant reduction would result in 
lower fair values
Debt securities
538,070
Option 
Pricing 
Model
Credit Spread
3% – 5% Signiﬁcant increases in credit spread, in 
isolation, would result in lower fair values. 
Signiﬁcant reduction would result in higher 
fair values.
Total
1,632,264
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
219
165
f-165

--- Page 412 ---
Financial instruments not measured at 
fair value
i. 
Cash and bank balances: The 
carrying amount of cash and bank 
balances is a reasonable approxi-
mation of the fair value. Cash and 
bank balances are disclosed in note 
35.
For the Corporation's hybrid instruments, 
the following highlights the sensitivity of 
the fair value of these instruments to key 
input factors as at reporting date:
 
Effect on Proﬁt
2% increase in
 
 
 
Credit Spread 
(14,122) 
(45,569)
2% decrease in
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Spread 
13,601 
21,567
Key Assumption 
 
2022
2023
The effect of CVA/DVA adjustments is 
insigniﬁcant on the Corporation’s 
portfolio.
2% increase in
 
or Loss (US$'000) 
Forward Price 
(22) 
-
2% decrease in
Forward Price 
48 
-  
Derivative credit (CVA) and debit 
valuation adjustments (DVA)
Due to the short-term nature of certain 
ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities, 
the fair values are not signiﬁcantly 
different from their carrying amounts. 
These ﬁnancial assets and liabilities are 
as follows:
ii. Loans and advances to bank: Loans 
to banks are short-term money 
market placements, therefore the fair 
values are not signiﬁcantly different 
from the carrying amount.
The following table sets out the fair 
values of ﬁnancial instruments not 
measured at fair value and analyses 
them by the level in the fair value 
hierarchy into which each fair value 
measurement is categorised.
iv. Other assets and other liabilities: The 
carrying amounts of other assets 
and other liabilities are considered to 
be the same as their fair values due 
to their short-term nature.
iii. Treasury bills are short-term securities, 
therefore the fair values are not 
signiﬁcantly different from the 
carrying amount.
Borrowings 
3,292,317 
4,809,814 
- 
8,102,131 
8,324,483
Total 
3,480,893 
4,809,814 
- 
8,290,707 
8,513,059
Other liabilities 
188,576 
- 
- 
188,576 
188,576
 
 
 
 
Total fair  
carrying  
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
-  Trade ﬁnance 
- 
- 
690,181 
690,181 
690,181
Assets 
S$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Pledged assets: 
 
 
 
 
-  Corporate debt securities 
278,283 
- 
- 
278,283 
336,383 
December 31, 2023
Investment securities: 
 
 
 
 
-  Government debt securities 
3,731,392 
- 
- 
3,731,392 
3,349,127 
Other assets 
 
 
 
 
-  Fee receivable 
8,875 
- 
- 
- 
8,875
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
-  Government debt securities 
232,617 
- 
- 
232,617 
184,656 
-  Account receivable 
14,973 
- 
- 
- 
14,973
Total 
4,271,505 
- 
4,678,630 
8,926,287 
8,574,521
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
values 
values 
-    Project ﬁnance 
- 
- 
3,593,111 
3,593,111 
3,593,111
-  Corporate debt securities 
5,365 
- 
395,338 
400,703 
397,215 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
220
166
f-166

--- Page 413 ---
Loans and advances to other customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Trade ﬁnance 
- 
- 
546,939 
546,939 
546,939
- 
Project ﬁnance 
- 
- 
3,065,325 
3,065,325 
3,065,325
-  
Advance for investments 
14,700 
- 
- 
- 
14,700
-  
Corporate debt securities 
291,598 
- 
- 
291,598 
330,577
Total 
3,180,034 
- 
3,933,639 
7,046,794 
7,157,992
Pledged assets:
-  
Corporate debt securities 
7,682 
- 
321,375 
329,057 
330,327
Liabilities
Other assets
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
 
 
 
 
Total fair  
carrying  
December 31, 2022
Assets 
S$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
-  
Government debt securities  
2,573,626 
- 
- 
2,573,626 
2,537,313
-  
Government debt securities  
240,249 
- 
- 
240,249 
280,632
-  
Fee receivable 
12,325 
- 
- 
- 
12,325
Total 
4,019,782 
3,911,922 
- 
7,931,704 
7,756,095
Where available, the fair value of investment securities (corporate and government debt securities), loans and advances are based 
on observable market transactions. Where observable market transactions are not available, fair value is estimated using valuation 
models, such as discounted cash ﬂow techniques.
Borrowings 
3,831,892 
3,911,922 
- 
7,743,814 
7,568,205
Other liabilities 
187,890 
- 
- 
187,890 
187,890
-  
Account receivable 
39,854 
- 
- 
- 
39,854
Investment securities:
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
values 
values 
The fair value of borrowing from counterparty is estimated using discounted cash ﬂow techniques, applying the rates that are offered 
for deposits of similar maturities and terms. 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
221
167
f-167

--- Page 414 ---
Cash and balances with banks 
 
- 
 -  
-  
- 
 6,711  
6,711
-  
Project ﬁnance  
 
-  
- 
 -  
-  
3,593,111 
 3,593,111
The following table provides a reconciliation between line items in the statement of ﬁnancial position and categories of ﬁnancial 
instruments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Equity securities  
 
- 
 - 
 - 
 36,980 
 -  
36,980
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FVTPL 
at FVTPL 
Instruments 
Instruments 
Cost 
Amount
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
through proﬁt or loss:
-  
Debt securities  
 
-  
307,132  
-  
- 
 - 
 307,132
-  
Equity securities  
 
-  
1,272,022  
-  
- 
 -  
1,272,022
-  
Assets under management  
 
- 
 22,248  
-  
- 
 -  
22,248
3.6  Financial instruments by category 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities:
-  
Placements with banks 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -  
1,371,103  
1,371,103
 
 
 
 
 
FVOCI 
FVOCI  
 
 
 
 
 
Mandatorily 
Designated 
- Debt  
- Equity 
Amortised 
Carrying 
Derivatives  
 
263,391 
 - 
 -  
-  
-  
263,391
Loan and advances to other
Customers:
-  
Trade ﬁnance  
 
-  
-  
-  
- 
 690,181 
690,181
-  
Debt securities  
 
-  
-  
-  
- 
 3,746,342 
 3,746,342
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets as per Statement of Financial Position
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets  
 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000
Loans and advances to banks:
Pledged assets:
-  
Debt securities  
 
- 
 -  
- 
 - 
 521,039 
 521,039
Other assets:
-  
Account receivable  
 
-  
-  
-  
- 
 14,973 
 14,973
Financial assets at fair value
-  
Fee receivable  
 
- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8,875  
8,875
Total ﬁnancial assets 
 
263,391  
1,601,402 
 - 
 36,980 
9,952,335 
11,854,108
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandatorily 
Designated  
Amortised  
Carrying
 
 
 
FVTPL 
 at FVTPL 
Cost 
 Amount
 
Derivatives 
 
128,914 
- 
- 
128,914
Total ﬁnancial liabilities 
 
128,914 
- 
8,466,334 
8,595,248
Other liabilities 
 
- 
- 
141,851 
141,851
Liabilities 
 
 
 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000
Borrowings 
 
- 
- 
8,324,483 
8,324,483
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
222
168
f-168

--- Page 415 ---
Annual Report 2023
223
169
f-169

--- Page 416 ---
4.  Critical accounting 
estimates and judgements 
in applying accounting 
policies 
The Corporation’s consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements and its ﬁnancial result are 
inﬂuenced by accounting policies, 
assumptions, estimates and manage-
ment judgement, which necessarily 
have to be made in the course of 
preparation of the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements.
The Corporation makes estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of assets and liabilities as at 
the end of the ﬁnancial year. Estimates 
and judgements are continually 
evaluated and are based on historical 
experience and other factors, including 
expectations of future events that are 
believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances. 
1. Assumption and estimation 
uncertainties 
Information about assumptions and 
estimation uncertainties that have a 
signiﬁcant risk of resulting in a material 
adjustment in the year ended December 
31, 2023 is set out in note 3.5 (fair value 
of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities) in 
relation to the fair value of ﬁnancial 
instruments, and in the following notes in 
relation to other areas.
 
(a) Impairment losses on loans and 
advances  
 
 
 
 
(b) Fair value of ﬁnancial instruments 
 
 
 
 
The fair value of ﬁnancial instruments 
where no active market exists or where 
quoted prices are not otherwise 
available are determined by using 
valuation techniques. In these cases, the 
fair values are estimated from observ-
able data in respect of similar ﬁnancial 
instruments or using models. Where 
market observable inputs are not 
available, they are estimated based on 
appropriate assumptions. Where 
valuation techniques (for example, 
models) are used to determine fair 
values, they are validated and periodi-
cally reviewed by qualiﬁed personnel 
independent of those that sourced 
them. All models are certiﬁed before they 
are used, and models are calibrated to 
ensure that outputs reﬂect actual data 
and comparative market prices. To a 
practicable extent, models use only 
observable data; however, areas such as 
credit risk (both own credit risk and 
counterparty risk), volatilities and 
correlations require management to 
make estimates. Changes in assump-
tions about these factors could affect 
the reported fair value of ﬁnancial 
instruments.
The measurement of the expected credit 
loss allowance for ﬁnancial assets 
measured at amortised cost and FVOCI 
is an area that requires the use of 
complex models and signiﬁcant 
assumptions about future economic 
conditions and credit behaviour (e.g. the 
likelihood of customers defaulting and 
the resulting losses). Explanation of the 
inputs, assumptions and estimation 
techniques used in measuring ECL which 
also sets out key sensitivities of the ECL to 
changes in these elements.
(c) Exemption under IAS 28 – 
Investment in Associates and Joint 
Ventures   
 
 
 
 
A number of signiﬁcant judgements are 
also required in applying the accounting 
requirements for measuring ECL, such as:
The measurement of the Corporation's 
deﬁned beneﬁt obligation involves the 
use of key actuarial assumptions that 
include the discount rate, rate of future 
salary growth and inﬂation rates. 
Changes to these assumptions will 
impact the carrying value of pension 
obligations.
Equity investments that result in the 
Corporation having a signiﬁcant 
inﬂuence, but not control, over the 
ﬁnancial and operating policies of the 
investee companies are carried in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position at fair 
value through proﬁt or loss rather than 
accounted for as associates using the 
equity method of accounting.
This treatment is permitted by IAS 28 
Investment in Associates and Joint 
Ventures, which permits investments held 
by venture capital organizations and 
similar ﬁnancial institutions to be 
excluded from its scope where those 
investments are designated, upon initial 
recognition, as at fair value through proﬁt 
or loss and accounted for in accor-
dance with IFRS 9, with changes in fair 
value recognised in the income 
statement in the period of the change. 
The Corporation’s operational activities 
typically entail provision of equity ﬁnance 
to unquoted companies and taking an 
active role in helping to build and 
develop such companies by having a 
representation on the Board of the 
investee companies. The equity business 
of the Corporation is managed and 
appraised with the objective of earning 
capital return on its venture capital 
investments upon exit in the medium 
term. The Corporation is also a member 
of the Africa Private Equity & Venture 
Capital Association (AVCA).
(d) Measurement of deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation
2. Judgements 
 
 
 
 
Information about judgements made in 
applying accounting policies that have 
the most signiﬁcant effects on the 
amounts recognised in the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements are set out below.
 
Determining criteria for signiﬁcant 
Ÿ
increase in credit risk;
Choosing appropriate models and 
Ÿ
assumptions for the measurement of 
ECL;
(a) Measurement of ECL 
Establishing the number and relative 
Ÿ
weightings of forward-looking 
scenarios for each type of product/ 
market and the associated ECL;
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
224
170
f-170

--- Page 417 ---
Effect of a 1% increase: 
2,668 
3,209 
Effect of a 1% increase: 
1,975 
2,561  
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2022
Establishing groups of similar 
Ÿ
ﬁnancial assets for the purposes of 
measuring ECL; and
(b) Classiﬁcation of ﬁnancial assets
Although the Corporation holds 72.13% 
of the issued ordinary equity in Arise IIP, 
management has determined that the 
Corporation does not have control over 
the entity. The interest in Arise IIP 
increased, due to the conversion to 
equity of the convertible loan extended 
to the entity. The entity has three (3) 
investors, including two (2) shareholders, 
but based on the terms of the investment 
agreements, the Corporation holds 37.5% 
of the voting rights in the entity. Therefore, 
the entity has been carried at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL) in accor-
dance with the requirements of IAS 28.
Djibouti Wind Company Limited
Djibouti Wind Company Limited ("DWCL") 
is the general partner of the Djibouti Wind 
Limited Partnership ("DWLP"), a special 
purpose vehicle set up by the limited 
partners to hold a 90% interest in Red Sea 
Power Limited SAS. The Corporation has 
56.67% interest in DWCL and DWLP. The 
partners have similar interests in DWCL 
and DWLP. Management has determined 
that the Corporation does not control 
DWCL because under the terms of 
agreements establishing the entity, the 
Corporation has 33.3% of the voting rights 
in the entity. Therefore, the entity has been 
carried at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
(FVTPL) in accordance with the require-
ments of IAS 28.
 
 
 
 
Probability 
given
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information about assessment of the 
business model within which the assets 
are held and assessment of whether the 
contractual terms of the ﬁnancial asset 
are SPPI on the principal amount 
outstanding are set out in note 2.4.
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023
 
 
 
 
US$’000 US$’000
 
 
 
 
 
 
Increase/(decrease) 
of Default  Default 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 US$’000 
 
Increase/(decrease) 
of Default   Default
 
 
 
 
Probability 
given
The Corporation has exercised judge-
ment in determining whether it has 
control over investee entities where the 
Corporation holds over 50% of the issued 
ordinary equity of the investee.
 
The table below shows the sensitivities of 
the impairment loss provision for 1% 
increase or decrease in the LGD and PD, 
across the Corporation’s risk asset 
portfolio.
 
 
 
 
 
Loss 
In measuring credit risk of loans and 
advances to various counterparties, the 
Corporation considers the character and 
capacity of the obligor, the probability 
that an obligor or counterparty will 
default over a given period (probability 
of default – PD), the portion of the loan 
expected to be irrecoverable at the time 
of loan default (loss given default – LGD) 
and carrying amount of the loan that is 
outstanding as at reporting date 
(exposure at default – EAD).
 
 
 
 
 
Loss  
Effect of a 1% decrease: 
(2,668) (3,209)  
Assumptions used in estimating 
Ÿ
recoverable cashﬂows.
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) Consolidation: whether the 
Corporation has control over an 
investee 
Effect of a 1% decrease: 
(1,975) (2,561) 
Arise Integrated Industrial Platforms 
(Arise IIP) 
 
 
Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A 
Although, the Corporation holds a 51% 
interest in the ordinary equity of the Ivoire 
Hydro Energie S.A, management has 
determined that the Corporation does 
not control the entity. The entity has three 
(3) shareholders but based on the terms 
of agreements under which the entity 
was established, the Corporation’s has 
voting rights of 50%. The Corporation is 
represented by three (3) directors on the 
board of the entity while the other 
shareholders are also represented by 
three (3) directors, giving a board with 
six (6) directors. Board decisions are 
based on a majority of votes. Therefore, 
management has concluded that the 
Corporation has signiﬁcant inﬂuence 
over entity. The investment has been 
carried at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
(FVTPL) in accordance with the 
requirements of IAS 28.
Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott 
(“TCN”)
 
In 2023, the Corporation increased its 
interest in Terminal à Conteneurs de 
Nouakchott (“TCN”) to 50%, from 10.5%. 
The entity has two (2) shareholders and 
based on the terms of agreements 
under which the entity was established, 
each shareholder has equal voting 
rights. This implies that both shareholders 
have substantive rights in the entity. 
Management has determined that the 
Corporation does not control TCN. 
Therefore, the entity has been carried at 
fair value through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL) in 
accordance with the requirements of 
IAS 28.
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
225
171
f-171

--- Page 418 ---
The Corporation's Investment division is 
responsible for the end-to-end project 
development, origination, structuring 
and execution of investments. This 
division is further divided into groups 
based on sector classiﬁcations, with 
each group responsible for customer 
relationship management and invest-
ments within its sector. The Investment 
division also works closely with Risk 
Management to perform portfolio 
management functions for the Corpora-
tion's investment portfolio. The Investment 
division offers a diverse range of 
ﬁnancing products, such as loans, quasi-
equity ﬁnancing, equity and arranging 
services to infrastructure projects in 
Africa. It also provides technical and 
economic advisory services to projects 
that are in the early stage of project 
development.
The treasury and funding group 
interfaces with the Corporation's 
shareholders, bankers, potential lenders, 
rating agencies and other providers of 
capital. It is also responsible for the 
management of the liquidity of the 
Corporation, ensuring that all liquidity risk 
management indices are met and that 
the Corporation is able to meet its 
contractual obligations under normal as 
well as stressed environments. It is also 
responsible for designing and executing 
hedging activities to manage the 
Corporation's exposures to market risk. 
The ﬁnancial institutions and syndication 
team is responsible for leading syndica-
tions of the Corporation's transactions 
and participations in external syndica-
tions, as well as seeking and executing 
asset buy and sell down opportunities. It 
is also responsible for trade ﬁnance 
transactions that do not fall under one 
of the sectors in the Investment division 
and those that involve ﬁnancial 
institutions. The ﬁnancial advisory group 
is responsible for providing advisory 
services to clients and generating fee-
based income for the Corporation.
2) Financial Services Division
Its function is to seek to ensure that the 
Corporation has adequate capital and 
the appropriate capital structure.
The treasury and funding group is 
responsible for the Corporation's capital 
raising and covers both debt and equity. 
The Corporation's Financial Services 
division is divided into three groups, (i) 
treasury and funding, (ii) ﬁnancial 
institutions and syndication, and (iii) 
ﬁnancial advisory. 
 5. Reporting Segments
The Corporation’s primary objective is to 
ﬁnance infrastructure projects across 
Africa and to provide advisory, project 
development and other services related 
thereto.
Operating units are reported in a 
manner consistent with the internal 
reporting provided to the Executive 
Management Committee (EXCO) and 
Board of Directors. The EXCO is 
responsible for assessing the ﬁnancial 
performance and position of the 
Corporation and makes strategic 
decisions. The EXCO, which has been 
identiﬁed as being the Chief Operating 
Decision Maker, consists of the (a) 
President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, (b) 
Executive Director and Chief Investment 
Ofﬁcer, (c) Executive Director, Financial 
Services, (d) Senior Director & Chief 
Financial Ofﬁcer, (e) Director & Chief Risk 
Ofﬁcer, (f) Director & General Counsel, 
(g) Director & Head of Corporate 
Services and (h) Director & Head, 
Economics, Research and Strategy. The 
information is provided on the basis of 
business units as the Corporation 
manages its affairs and business 
through these areas. The business units 
presented reﬂect the management 
structure of the Corporation and the way 
in which the Corporation’s management 
reviews performance.
The Corporation evaluates the 
performance of its operating units 
primarily based on unit operating proﬁt, 
as deﬁned below:
1) Investment Division
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
226
172
f-172

--- Page 419 ---
Investment 
Services 
Total 
Fee commission and other income 
 
 
34,243 
36,324 
70,567
December 31, 2023
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
Financial
Net impairment charge on ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
(42,269) 
(22,580) 
(64,849)
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
 
2,140 
1,380 
3,520 
Non-current assets 
 
 
2,695 
2,592 
5,287
Net gain on ﬁnancial instruments at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
51,881 
(18,638) 
33,243 
The information provided to the Corporation's Board for the reportable units for the year ended December 31, 2023 is as follows:
Interest income 
 
 
409,035 
371,869 
780,904
Dividend income 
 
 
13,690 
1,867 
15,557
Interest expense & administrative expenses 
 
 
(410,013) 
(61,685) 
(471,698)
Gain or loss on sale of ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
4,500 
16,469 
20,969
Net gain on ﬁnancial instruments at fair value through proﬁt or loss 
 
53,668 
(51,220) 
2,448 
Operating proﬁt 
 
 
62,854 
291,044 
353,898
Total assets 
 
 
6,293,723 
6,051,414 
12,345,137
Expenditure on reportable segment: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividend income 
 
 
6,622 
1,770 
8,392
Fee commission and other income 
 
 
51,037 
30,672 
81,709
Gain or loss on sale of ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
1,257 
- 
1,257
Net impairment charge on ﬁnancial assets 
 
 
(47,632) 
(3,025) 
(50,657)
 
 
 
 
Financial
 
 
 
Investment 
Services 
Total 
Interest & administrative expenses 
 
 
(271,708) 
(51,606) 
(323,314)
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Operating proﬁt 
 
 
78,675 
207,244 
285,919
Total liabilities 
 
 
376,585 
8,547,860 
8,924,445
Total assets 
 
 
5,114,705 
5,413,107 
10,527,812
Interest income 
 
 
 287,218 
248,071 
535,289
Total liabilities 
 
 
140,485 
7,687,891 
7,828,376
31 December 2022
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
 
2,633 
889 
3,522 
Expenditure on reportable segment: 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
1,480 
493 
1,973
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
227
173
f-173

--- Page 420 ---
through proﬁt or loss 
 
(29,673) 
62,916 
- 
33,243
The geographic information analyses the Corporation’s revenue and non-current assets by the Corporation’s country of domicile and 
other countries. In presenting the geographic information below, segment revenue is based on the geographic location of customers 
and segment assets are based on the geographic location of the assets.
December 31, 2023
 
 
US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000  
 US$’000 
Dividend income 
 
5,425 
10,132 
- 
15,557
External revenue 
 
514,101 
307,843 
68,501 
890,445
through proﬁt or loss 
 
(77,273) 
79,721 
- 
2,448
Interest expenses 
 
(1,301) 
(6,498) 
(342,605) 
(350,404)
Dividend income 
 
3,315 
5,077 
- 
8,392
Interest income 
 
532,682 
182,749 
65,473 
780,904
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net gain on ﬁnancial instruments at fair value
Gain or loss on sale of ﬁnancial assets 
 
1,257 
- 
- 
1,257
Segment net revenues 
 
506,733 
297,916 
(283,759) 
520,890
Total assets 
 
5,832,361 
3,175,661 
3,337,115 
12,345,137
  
 
 
Fee commission and other income 
 
32,945 
35,241 
2,380 
70,567
Geographic information
Interest income 
 
419,365 
113,964 
1,960 
535,289
Fee commission and other income 
 
61,630 
18,926 
1,153 
81,709
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Net gain on ﬁnancial instruments at fair value
 
 
Africa 
 Africa  
 Others  
 Total  
Gain or loss on sale of ﬁnancial assets 
 
20,321 
- 
648 
20,969
Credit risk insurance 
 
(6,067) 
(3,428) 
(9,655) 
(19,150)
 
 
West  
Rest of
External revenue 
 
455,894 
200,883 
3,113 
659,890
Credit risk insurance 
 
(6,136) 
(4,879) 
(6,565) 
(17,580)
Interest expenses 
 
(651) 
(3,185) 
(203,565) 
(207,401)
Segment net revenues 
 
449,107 
192,819 
(207,017) 
434,909
Total assets 
 
5,032,227 
2,679,619 
2,815,966 
10,527,812
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
228
174
f-174

--- Page 421 ---
US$’000
US$’000 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
- 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
207,047 
183,822
other customers 
422,502 
266,127
Loans and advances to
Financial assets measured at; 
- 
FVTPL  
5,711 
6,976
6. Interest income and interest expense
- 
Amortised cost 
755,336 
496,277
Total interest income 
780,904 
535,289
7. Dividend income
Borrowings from ﬁnancial institutions 
226,767 
84,086
 
 
 
 
350,404 
207,401
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
Loans and advances to banks 
125,787 
46,328
Interest income
Investment securities:
Corporate bonds 
123,637 
123,298
Interest expense on borrowings 
350,404 
207,384
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
780,904 
535,289
Lease liability (see note 26 (a)) 
- 
17
Financial assets at FVTPL 
25,568 
39,012
Net interest income 
430,500 
327,888
  
 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense
The amounts reported above include interest income and 
expense, calculated using the effective interest method, that 
relate to the following ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities:
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
-  
FVTPL  
25,568 
39,012
Total interest expense 
350,404 
207,401
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
-  
Amortised cost 
350,404 
207,401
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Equity securities at;  
-    FVOCI  
9,846 
1,416
 
 
 
 
15,557 
8,392
 
8. Fees, commissions and other income
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
commitment fees 
35,129 
32,004
Advisory and structuring fees 
16,156 
33,642
Development fees 
6,375 
5,560
Risk participation and
 
 
 
 
70,567 
81,709
Facility and other fees 
12,907 
10,503
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Disaggregation of fees, commission and other income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the following table, fees, commissions and other income 
from contracts with customers in the scope of IFRS 15 is 
disaggregated by major type of services. The table also 
includes a reconciliation of the disaggregated fees, commis-
sions and other income with the Corporation’s reporting 
segments (see Note 5).
b) The fees and commission presented in this note include 
income of US$19.7 million (2022: US$38.2 million) relating to 
ﬁnancial assets not measured at FVTPL. These ﬁgures exclude 
amounts incorporated in determining the effective interest rate 
on such ﬁnancial assets. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2022 
2022
2023 
2023 
2023 
- 
Structuring fees 
 
6,884 
18,525 
- 
1,989 
6,884 
20,514
-    Risk participation and commitment fees 
8,849 
13,710 
26,279 
18,294 
35,128 
32,004
-  
Advisory fees 
 
1,452 
5,388 
7,820 
7,740 
9,272 
13,128
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fees, commission and other income (Note 5) 
34,243 
51,037 
36,324 
30,672 
70,567 
81,709 
Major service lines 
 Investment 
 Financial Services 
Total 
 
- 
Development fees 
 
6,375 
5,560 
- 
- 
6,375 
5,560
- 
Facility and other fees 
 
10,683 
7,854 
2,225 
2,649 
12,908 
10,503
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
229
175
f-175

--- Page 422 ---
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Debt securities 
(17,389) 
(55,135)
Asset under management 
784 
(1,382)
Foreign exchange 
(986,644) 
(92,978)
Equity investments 
48,892 
118,777
- 
 Interest rate 
6,585 
(4,945)
-  
Cross currency swap 
950,220 
68,906
Designated at FVTPL: 
 
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL:
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments 
iv. Facility and other fees: these are fees earned on agency 
services rendered by the Corporation. Revenue from facility 
and other fees is recognised as the services are provided.
at fair value through proﬁt or loss
9. Net gain on ﬁnancial instruments
v. Development fees: these are fees earned for developing a 
project and it is often a multiple of the amount spent on 
development costs as agreed with project sponsors. The 
fees are recognised when the development phase of the 
project is completed. 
 
 
 
 
2,448 
33,243
iii. Structuring fees: these are fees earned on project ﬁnance 
transactions in which the Corporation plays a mandated 
lead arranger role, in a loan syndication ﬁnance arrange-
ment. These fees are recognised at a point in time when the 
loan syndication is ﬁnalised.
ii. Advisory fees: these are fees earned on mandates in which 
the Corporation acts in advisory capacities. Revenue 
related to advisory mandates are recognised on a 
milestone basis, and success fees are recognised once the 
service under a given mandate is rendered.
c) Performance obligations and revenue recognition policies
i. 
Risk participation and commitment fees: Risk participation 
fees are earned on various unfunded risk participation 
programs with ﬁnancial institutions, to facilitate trade 
transactions. Commitment fees are earned on commit-
ments to provide debt or equity ﬁnancing to counterparties 
and are recognised over the commitment period.
Loans and advances to customers
- 
Equity securities 
 4,500 
1,257
(Note 21a)  
6,973 
4,373
11. Gain on sale of ﬁnancial assets
on ﬁnancial assets
-  
Debt securities 
16,469 
-
 
 
 
 
20,969 
1,257
 
Rent, rates and utilities 
273 
287
Investment securities at amortised 
 
 
 
 
64,849 
50,657
10. Net impairment charge
(Note 16a)  
3,159 
(604)
(Note 26e)  
5,411 
10,009
 
Staff cost: 
 
 
 
Post-employment beneﬁts 
3,424 
7,867
Off-balance sheet commitments
(a) Operating expenses
 
Wages and salaries 
 68,948 
64,564
 
Other employee beneﬁts 
3,186 
3,166 
 
   
 
2022 
2023 
Pledged assets at amortised cost
 
   
 
102,144 
98,333
 
   
 
 
 
(Note 18a)  
 42,192 
24,986
Amounts represent income realised from the sale of the 
investments in certain securities during the year, in line with the 
Corporation’s investment strategy.
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000
Loans and advances to banks
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022
 
Advertising and business promotion 
4,773 
6,558
cost (Note 20b) 
7,114 
11,893
 
   
US$’000 
 
US$’000 
 
Insurance 
452 
128
 
Travel 
 
754 
1,229
 
   
 
 
Other operating expenses: 
 
 
Repairs and maintenance 
85 
118
 
Project and other transaction expenses 
2,926 
1,856
12. Operating expenses
 
Board expenses, including Directors’ fees 
2,701 
1,988
 
Consultancy fees 
3,476 
2,229
 
Depreciation and amortisation 
3,520 
3,522
  
 
 
Auditor's remuneration 
440 
273
 
Communication 
1,412 
1,533
 
Training, seminars and conferences 
2,168 
1,477
 
Other expenses 
3,606 
1,538
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
230
176
f-176

--- Page 423 ---
2023 
2022
(b) Credit risk insurance 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Credit risk insurance premium 
 19,150 
17,580  
The Corporation uses credit risk insurance as a risk mitigation 
tool for the protection of the Corporation against borrower 
defaults. Insurance cover is provided by investment grade 
insurance companies.
13. Taxation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total for the year   
23.61 
24.06
From continuing operations (US$ '000) 
353,898 
285,919
Under the Headquarters Agreement between AFC and the 
Government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria signed in May 
2007, AFC is exempt from tax on all its income arising from 
operations in the host country.
ordinary shares at 1 January 
1,173,345 
1,159,405
From discontinued operations (US$ '000) 
(24,208) 
-
Effect of rights issued during the year 
18,033 
15,241
 
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
Basic/Diluted
Weighted-average number
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net 
proﬁt attributable to equity holders of the Corporation by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during 
the year. Basic and diluted earnings per share are the same 
as the Corporation has no potentially dilutive ordinary shares. 
of ordinary shares at 
14. Earnings per share
 
 
 
 
 
 
Earnings per share (expressed in 
 
 
 
 
329,690 
285,919 
ordinary shares in issue  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect of shares issued during the year 
205,444 
13,940
Weighted average number of
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
Proﬁt attributable to equity holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
from continuing operations 
25.34 
24.06  
of the Corporation
Weighted average number of 
 
   
 
 
 
31 December ('000) 
1,396,822 
1,188,586 
US cents per share) 
 
 
Basic/diluted earnings per share
Basic/diluted earnings per share
 
 
 
 
from discontinued operations 
(1.73) 
-
 
During the year, the Corporation completed a rights issue in 
accordance with the requirements of IAS 33, the calculation of 
basic and diluted earnings per share for both years presented 
in these ﬁnancial statements have been adjusted respectively.
15. Cash and balances with banks 
 
 
   
 
 
Balances with banks 
6,681 
122,639
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6,711 
122,682
All cash and balances with commercial banks are current. 
 
16. Loans and advances to banks
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Less: Allowance for impairment
(See (a) below) 
(5,524) 
(2,365)
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
   
Placements with banks 
1,376,627 
1,374,933
 
 
 
 
1,371,103 
1,372,568
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash in hand 
 30 
43
All loans and advances to banks are current. 
 
 
Net remeasurement of ECL
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
allowance (Note 10) 
3,159 
(604)
 
 
 
 
5,524 
2,365
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) The movement in impairment allowance is shown below: 
 
Opening 
 
 2,365 
2,969
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
231
177
f-177

--- Page 424 ---
Interest rate swap 
8,791 
9,678 
162,661
December 31, 2023 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Current 
 
86,857 
58,891 
 
 
 
 
263,391 
128,914 
4,755,105
 
 
 
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Notional
Cross currency swaps 
251,705 
106,797 
3,514,593
Interest rate swap 
8,818 
5,252 
583,487
17. Derivative ﬁnancial instruments
The table below shows the fair values of derivative ﬁnancial 
instruments recorded as assets or liabilities together with their 
notional amounts. The notional amount, recorded gross, is the 
amount of a derivative’s underlying asset, reference rate or 
index and is the basis upon which changes in the value of 
derivatives are measured. The notional amounts indicate the 
volume of transactions outstanding at the year end and are 
indicative of neither the market risk nor the credit risk.
Forward contracts 
 10 
14,007 
631,483
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current 
176,534 
70,023 
 
December 31, 2022 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
 
 
 
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Notional
Interest rate options 
2,858 
2,858 
25,542
Forward contracts 
 40,242 
23,192 
692,583
Cross currency swaps 
112,145 
26,654 
1,790,283
Interest rate options 
23,192 
12,757 
544,975
 
 
Current 
 
56,087 
26,245 
Non-current 
128,283 
46,036 
 
The Corporation uses derivatives to manage its exposure to 
market risks.
 
   
 
 
 
 
18.  Loans and advances to other customers
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
 
 
 
 
184,370 
72,281 
3,190,502
Project ﬁnance loans 
3,804,129 
3,237,009
Advances under trade ﬁnance 
714,440 
568,340
 
 
 
 
4,518,569 
3,805,349
Impairment allowance 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
(see note (a) below):
- Project ﬁnance 
(211,018) 
(171,684)
- Trade ﬁnance 
(24,259) 
(21,401)
 
 
 
 
(235,277) 
(193,085)
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
proﬁt or loss:
Net measurement of impairment
Non-current 
3,573,483 
3,130,100  
See Note 3.1.6 for a detailed analysis. 
a) The movement in impairment allowance is shown below:  
 
   
 
 
 
Debt securities (see note (a) below) 
307,132 
538,070
Designated at fair value through
Equity securities (see note (b) below) 
1,272,022 
1,066,047
Assets under management:
debt securities (see note (c) below) 
22,248 
19,837
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022
Balance as at 31 December 
235,277 
193,085
Current 
 
709,809 
482,164
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
 
 
 
 
1,601,402 
1,623,954
Current 
 
34,189 
41,491
 
 
 
 
4,283,292 
3,612,264
Non-current 
1,567,213 
1,582,463
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance as at 1 January 
193,085 
168,099
allowance (Note 10) 
42,192 
24,986
 
 
 
 
 
 
19. Financial assets at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss
a) Debt securities include hybrid instruments and other debt 
securities at fair value through proﬁt or loss.  The hybrid 
instruments include a conversion option which results in 
no closely related risks inherent in the host contract. The 
Corporation therefore designated the instrument as 
ﬁnancial asset at fair value through proﬁt or loss.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
232
178
f-178

--- Page 425 ---
Details of the nature and operations of equity investments and 
the summarised ﬁnancial information for those entities, which, in 
the opinion of the directors, are material to the Corporation are 
shown below:
(i) Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott (“TCN”) is a 30-year 
concession by the Government of Mauritania to design, build, 
ﬁnance and operate a new container terminal with an initial 
capacity of 250,000 Twenty-foot Equivalent Units (TEUs) and has 
the ﬂexibility to expand capacity to 600,000 TEUs; and develop 
an oil jetty able to accommodate oil & gas vessels with 
capacity of 50,000 DWT. The scope of the project comprises the 
construction of a new wharf with capacity for two 4,200 TEU 
vessels at the same time, a storage area for exports & imports, a 
container freight station, and an administrative area including a 
one-stop shop of 1,000m for port authority and government 
entities.
(ii)  Arise Infrastructure Services comprises of the Libreville 
Airport as well as the new airport which is under construction in 
Gabon. The summarized ﬁnancial information for Arise 
Infrastructure Services is presented below:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
94,884 
72,160
Non-current assets 
250,133 
130,826
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
Current liabilities 
53,945 
11,608
Current assets 
 59,306 
27,219
Revenue 
 
15,730 
17,390
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
3,672 
6 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
b)   Equity securities at fair value through proﬁt or loss include:
Cenpower Generation Company (vii) 
 
15,444 
22,832 
32 % 
32 %
South African Toll Road Company (Proprietary) Ltd (v) 
 
13,365 
17,807 
29 % 
29 %
Danakali Limited (viii) 
 
17,516 
14,059 
14 % 
14 %
Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A (xv) 
 
29,575 
24,390 
51 % 
51 %
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
2022 
2023
2023
Djibouti Wind Limited Partnership (ix) 
 
6,237 
6,237 
57 % 
57 %
Cabeolica S.A. (vi) 
 
15,722 
11,532 
50 % 
50 %
Arise Integrated Industrial Platforms (iv) 
 
513,860 
247,908 
72 % 
51 %
Cenpower Operations Company (vii) 
 
74 
74 
25 % 
25 %
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
 
 
 
US$’000
% 
Shareholding
Arise Infrastructure Services (ii) 
 
27,387 
46,483 
34 % 
34 %
Arise Ports and Logistics Limited (iii) 
 
203,333 
207,751 
25 % 
25 %
Djibouti Wind Company Limited (ix) 
 
63 
63 
57 % 
57 %
Inﬁnity Energy Africa Investments Limited (x) 
 
400 
35,295 
49 % 
49 %
International Gulf Mining Limited (xii) 
 
222 
223 
43 % 
43 %
Ncondezi (xiii) 
 
10 
10 
23 % 
23 %
Société Concessionaire du Pont Riviera-Marcory (xvi) 
 
71,938 
67,059 
26 % 
26 %
Vigeo Power Limited (xvii) 
 
1,010 
1,010 
20 % 
20 %
 
 
 
 
 
1,272,022 
1,066,047 
 
Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott (I) 
 
13,321 
7,870 
50 % 
50 %
Nouvelle Gabon Mining SA (xiv) 
 
307,840 
312,342 
43 % 
43 %
Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company Limited (xi) 
 
34,702 
43,102 
30 % 
31 %
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
233
179
f-179

--- Page 426 ---
Current liabilities 
625,192 
88,942
(iii) Arise Ports and Logistics Limited is a pan-African operator 
of integrated and multimodal ports & logistics ecosystems and 
infrastructures comprising: Gabon General Cargo Port, Gabon 
Mineral Port, which are both operational, and the San Pedro 
Port, Cote D’Ivoire which is under construction. The summarized 
ﬁnancial information for Arise Ports and Logistics Limited is 
presented below:
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
(iv) Arise Integrated Industrial Platforms (Arise IIP): Arise IIP is 
an integrated operator of world-class economic zones across 
Africa comprising of the Nkok Special Economic Zone in 
Gabon, the Port Gentil Special Economic Zone, Benin Special 
Economic Zone and Togo Special Economic Zone (collectively, 
the “SEZ Assets”). The summarized ﬁnancial information for Arise 
IIP is presented below:
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 141,794 
130,927
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
Non-current assets 
1,066,234 
1,057,064
Current liabilities 
164,199 
170,137
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
6,578 
34,047
Current assets 
780,055 
397,312
Non-current liabilities 
321,402 
313,160
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Revenue 
 
225,000 
239,718
Non-current assets 
1,136,252 
215,032
Revenue 
 
349,684 
144,163
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
26,602 
17,828 
(v) South African Toll Road Company (Proprietary) Limited 
(SATRC) is an investment company that holds investment in 
infrastructure and infrastructure related assets. It was set up as a 
special purpose vehicle to hold a stake in the Bakwena 
Platinum Corridor Concessionaire Proprietary Limited (BPCC). 
BPCC consists of a 95 km section of the N1 highway running 
from Pretoria northwards, and a 290 km section for the N4 
highway running from Pretoria westwards to the Botswana 
border. Route designed as part of intercontinental axis to 
stimulate agriculture, manufacturing, mining and tourism trafﬁc, 
with combined urban and intercity tolling. The project led to 
signiﬁcant reductions in travel times and vehicle operating costs 
through improved road surfaces. The summarized ﬁnancial 
information for SATRC is presented below:
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
Non-current liabilities 
569,340 
442,048
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
65,092 
89,166
Current liabilities 
1 
1
Current assets 
 8 
28
Non-current liabilities 
- 
-
Revenue 
 
(18,980) 
13,454
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
(18,998) 
13,391
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
(vii) Cenpower Generation Company Limited (Cenpower) is 
a special purpose vehicle created to develop the Cenpower 
Kpone Independent Power Plant (KIPP) in the Tema industrial 
zone, close to Accra, Ghana’s capital. The Kpone Independent 
Power Plant, which achieved commercial operations in June 
2019, is amongst the largest IPPs in the country accounting for 
approximately 10% of Ghana’s total installed capacity and 
approximately 15% of its available thermal generation capacity. 
The summarized ﬁnancial information for Cenpower is 
presented below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
Current liabilities 
3,988 
13,586
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
2,370 
2,279
Revenue 
 
19,000 
252,811
Current assets 
 13,163 
11,876
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
456,304 
349,174
(viii) Danakali Limited is a potash company focused on the 
development of the Colluli Sulphate of Potash Project (the 
Project).
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
7,120 
33,631
Non-current assets 
638,588 
659,873
(vi) Cabeolica S.A.: This is a wind power company domiciled 
in Cape Verde. The project entails the construction of 30 wind 
turbines on four of the nine inhabited islands of the mid-Atlantic 
Archipelago. The summarized ﬁnancial information for 
Cabeolica S.A is presented below:
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Current liabilities 
145,416 
134,450
Non-current assets 
28,225 
30,575
Non-current liabilities 
741,907 
703,038
Non-current liabilities 
20,955 
14,169
Revenue 
 
12,367 
11,747
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
234
180
f-180

--- Page 427 ---
2022
2023 
(ix) Djibouti Wind Limited Partnership (DWLP)
 
 is a special 
purpose vehicle, which was set up by the limited partners, to 
construct and operate a 60 megawatts windfarm in the 
Ghoubet area, near Lake Assal, Djibouti (the Project). Djibouti 
Wind Company Limited (DWCL) is the general partner of DWLP. 
DWLP and DWCL have the same partners and shareholding 
structure. The Corporation holds 56.67% interest in DWCL and 
DWLP. DWLP owns 90% of the project company which gives the 
Corporation an effective stake of about 51% in Red Sea Power 
Limited SAS (the project company). The project consists of a 60-
megawatt (MW) wind farm in Ghoubet, along with interconnec-
tion facilities located in the Arta Region (between Lake Assal 
and Djibouti City). See Note 4 for information about judgements 
made in assessing whether the Corporation controls the 
entities.
(x) Inﬁnity Energy Africa is the lead investor in Inﬁnity Power 
Holding, an energy company which owns 235MW solar assets 
In Egypt and has signed a sales and purchase agreement for 
acquiring the majority stake in 1022 MW of operating wind 
assets located in Egypt, South Africa and Senegal.
 
 
 
 
 
 
(xi) Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company Limited: This is a 
company established as a commercial institution with the 
objective of providing guarantees to enhance the credit quality 
of local currency debt instruments issued by creditworthy 
entities to ﬁnance eligible infrastructure projects in Nigeria, in 
order to attract a pool of long-term capital such as the pension 
funds and insurance companies. The summarized ﬁnancial 
information for Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company 
Limited is presented below:
Current assets 
 3,624 
15,564
Revenue 
 
57,823 
18,331
(xii) International Gulf Mining Limited is a mining and 
exploration company established in in Boke district of north-
western Guinea, approximately 150 km north-northwest of 
Conakry and 20 km south of the provincial town of Boke. The 
project has been designed for rapid construction; bringing the 
mine into production in less than 13 months.
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
Current liabilities 
3,347 
3,339
Non-current liabilities 
82,573 
87,501
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
49,810 
9,063
(xiv) Nouvelle Gabon Mining SA holds the rights to two 
producing manganese mine assets in Gabon (“Franceville” 
and “Okondja”). The two mines are expected to have a 
combined nameplate production capacity of 2.4 million tons 
per annum when fully implemented. The summarized ﬁnancial 
information for Nouvelle Gabon Mining SA is presented below:
Non-current assets 
311,638 
350,011
Current liabilities 
41,173 
48,128
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Non-current assets 
181,025 
165,667
(xiii)  Ncondezi  a power development company with an 
integrated thermal coal mine and power plant project located 
near Tete Province, Northern Mozambique.
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
(13,759) 
33,886 
Revenue 
 
183,252 
222,052
Non-current liabilities 
52,487 
352,514
(xv) Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A is a 44MW hydro electric 
generating facility which is under construction in Côte d'Ivoire.  
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Current assets 
 67,286 
50,527
(xvii) Société Concessionaire du Pont Riviera-Marcory 
(Socoprim) is a concessionaire company is responsible for the 
operation and management of the Henri Konan Bedie Bridge in 
Cote d’Ivoire. The Henri Konan Bedie Bridge consists of a 6.4km 
highway and 1.9km bridge with three lanes in each direction. 
The summarized ﬁnancial information for Socoprim is presented 
below:
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Non-current liabilities 
81,891 
133,356
(xviii)  Vigeo Power Limited is incorporated in Nigeria and is a 
power distribution company in the south-west part of the host 
country Nigeria.
The Corporation acquired stakes in these companies with the 
intention to exit at a future date. As of December 31, 2023, the 
Corporation had no commitments to these entities except as 
disclosed in Note 28. There are no restrictions on the ability of 
these entities to pay cash dividends and repay outstanding 
obligations to the Corporation.
Revenue 
 
31,064 
50,659
Proﬁt/(loss) after tax 
11,359 
17,103 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 6,433 
8,850
 
 
 
 
 
 
c) Assets under management represent funds managed by a 
third-party investment company on a discretionary basis. 
The portfolio comprises of marketable debt securities with 
observable prices and is managed on a fair value basis.
Non-current assets 
150,216 
230,578
Current liabilities 
2,858 
14,732
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
235
181
f-181

--- Page 428 ---
2023 
2022
- 
Corporate debt securities (note i) 
418,684 
348,925
Current 
 
3,414,302 
2,585,014
 
 
 
 
3,783,322 
2,920,560
 
 
 
 
3,793,166 
2,907,350
a) As at December 31, 2023, the Corporation held no 
collateral, which it was permitted to sell or repledge in the 
event of default by the owner of the collateral (December 
31, 2022: Nil).
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
At amortised cost:  
 US$’000 
 US$’000
20. Investment securities
-  
Sovereign debt securities 
3,374,482 
2,558,425
(see note (b) below) 
(46,824) 
(39,710)
 
 
 
 
3,746,342 
2,867,640
-  
Equity securities (see note 
At FVOCI:  
 
(c) below) 
36,980 
52,920
i) 
Included in sovereign debt securities are treasury bills issued 
by the government of United States of America which are 
highly liquid ﬁnancial instruments.
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022
Less: Allowance for impairment
 
 
 
 
US$’000
 US$’000 
 
Net remeasurement of ECL
Non-current 
369,020 
335,546
allowance (Note 10) 
7,114 
11,893
b) The movement in impairment allowance is shown below:
Closing 
 
46,824 
39,710
 
c)  Equity securities at FVOCI
Opening 
  
39,710 
27,817
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
below)  
 36,980 
52,920 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i). The movement in equity securities is as follows:
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Balance as at 1 January 
52,920 
53,576
(Disposals)/additions 
(13,438) 
-
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
Net loss on fair valuation through 
other comprehensive income 
(2,252) 
(646)
Foreign exchange gain 
(250) 
(10)
 
Equity securities – (see note (i)
21. Pledged assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
536,459 
619,656
(see note (a) below) 
(15,420) 
(8,447)
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
Less: Allowance for impairment
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
a) The movement in ECL allowance is shown below: 
 
 
 
 
 
521,039 
611,209
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance as at 31 December 
15,420 
8,447 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Corporate debt securities 
 348,583 
337,006
Sovereign debt securities 
187,876 
282,650
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
 
allowance (Note 10) 
6,973 
4,373
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current 
 
105,464 
143,986
 
Net remeasurement of ECL
(b) Pledged assets comprise debt securities used to secure the 
Corporation’s borrowings but were not derecognised in the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements. These are transactions in 
which the Corporation uses its investment securities to 
collaterise some of its bilateral borrowings. The Corporation 
continues to recognise the securities in their entirety in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position because it retains substan-
tially all of the risks and rewards of ownership. 
 
Non-current 
415,575 
467,223
 
Balance as at 1 January 
8,447 
4,074
Balance as at 31 December 
36,980 
52,920
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
236
182
f-182

--- Page 429 ---
The Corporation does not have the ability to use the 
transferred assets during the term of the arrangement. 
Carrying amount of the assets 
 521,039 
611,209
Carrying amount of the associated
 
These transactions were conducted under terms that are 
usual and customary to standard lending and repurchase 
activities. Details are as below:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
liabilities (see note 27) 
388,945 
504,571
Fair value of the assets 
510,900 
531,847
Net fair value 
121,955 
27,276
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
Financial assets 
 
 
Account receivable 
 14,973 
39,854
Fee receivable 
8,875 
12,325
( see note (i) below) 
- 
14,700
 
 
 
 
23,848 
66,879
Non-ﬁnancial assets
Prepayments 
7,029 
5,714
 
 
 
 
30,877 
72,593
Advance for investment
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fair value of the liabilities 
(388,945) 
(504,571)
Current assets 
30,877 
72,593
22. Other assets 
 
 
Non-current assets 
- 
-   
I) 
The transaction for which the deposit of US$14.7 million was 
advanced in 2022 was successfully closed during the year. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
237
183
f-183

--- Page 430 ---
Accumulated depreciation 
(7,718) 
(1,991) 
(2,519) 
(5,098) 
(17,326)
Accumulated depreciation 
(6,133) 
(2,113) 
(1,992) 
(4,840) 
(15,078)
As at 1 January 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Depreciation 
(1,600) 
(796) 
(136) 
(367) 
(2,899)
Net book amount 
3,631 
2,079 
384 
952 
7,046
Cost  
 
 
 9,764 
4,192 
2,376 
5,792 
22,124
Disposals - cost 
- 
(1,183) 
- 
(65) 
(1,248)
Accumulated depreciation 
(6,133) 
(2,113) 
(1,992) 
(4,839) 
(15,077)
Disposals - accumulated depreciation 
- 
496 
- 
61 
557
Year end December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Year end December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additions  
- 
1,371 
156 
392 
1,919
Cost  
 
 
9,764 
3,359 
2,220 
5,462 
20,805
 
 
 
 
of-Use Asset 
 Vehicles  improvements 
Equipment 
Total
Additions  
- 
881 
36 
255 
1,172
Cost 
 
 
9,764 
4,192 
2,376 
5,791 
22,123
Disposals - accumulated depreciation 
- 
1,125 
- 
64 
1,189 
Depreciation 
(1,585) 
(1,003) 
(155) 
(329) 
(3,072)
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000
Disposals - cost 
- 
(538) 
- 
(63) 
(601)
As at January 1, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation 
(4,533) 
(1,813) 
(1,856) 
(4,533) 
(12,735)
 
 
 
 
Right-  
Motor 
Leasehold 
Furniture & 
 
 
 
 
Right-  
Motor 
Leasehold 
Furniture & 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net book value at January 1, 2023 
3,631 
2,079 
384 
952 
7,046
Net book value at December 31, 2023 
2,046 
1,899 
265 
877 
5,087
 
 
 
 
of-Use Asset 
 Vehicles  improvements 
Equipment 
Total
Net book value at January 1, 2022 
5,231 
1,546 
364 
929 
8,070
As at December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
As at December 31, 2022
Net book value at December 31, 2022 
3,631 
2,079 
384 
952 
7,046
Cost 
 
 
9,764 
3,890 
2,784 
5,975 
22,413
Net book amount 
2,046 
1,899 
265 
877 
5,087
23. Property and equipment
i. 
There were no impairment losses on any class of property 
and equipment during the year (2022: Nil).
ii. 
There were no capitalised borrowing costs related to the 
acquisition of property and equipment during the year 
(2022: Nil).
iii. There were no restrictions to the title held by the 
Corporation, in respect of its property and equipment 
during the year (2022: Nil).
v. 
All items of property and equipment are non-current.
iv. The depreciation charge and interest on lease liabilities 
(included in interest expense) on right-of-use assets for the 
year was US$3.5 million (2022: US3.5 million) and nil in 2023 
(2022: US$17 thousand) respectively.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
238
184
f-184

--- Page 431 ---
24. Intangible assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Software costs 
 200 
566 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Software costs are expenses incurred in the purchase and 
implementation of the Corporation’s software. The movement in 
intangible assets from the preceding ﬁnancial year is as follows:
Additions  
82 
54
Amortisation 
(448) 
(623)
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
At 31 December 
200 
566  
 
 
 
 
 
 
i.  
There were no impairment losses on any class of intangible 
assets during the year (2022: Nil).
 
 
At 1 January 
 566 
1,135
ii. 
There were no capitalised borrowing costs related to the 
acquisition of intangible assets during the year (2022: Nil).
iii. There were no restrictions to the title held by the 
Corporation, in respect of its intangible assets during the 
year (2022: Nil).
iv. All items of intangible assets are non-current.
25. Non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operation 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
Non-controlling interest 
- 
-
 
Liabilities directly associated with
(c) below)  
26,540 
10,300
(a) Financial information of discontinued operation
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
discontinued operations 
(24,208) 
-
attributable to: 
 
 
During the year, the Corporation acquired a controlling interest 
in Pecan Energies AS formerly known as Aker Energy AS. After 
the acquisition, its assets and liabilities were transferred to 
Pecan Energies Investment Limited. The investment was 
classiﬁed as held-for-sale following the commitment of the 
Corporation to sell down part of its interest in the entity at the 
date of acquisition. This decision was made in line with the 
Corporation's business strategy. A sale transaction is expected 
to occur within the next one year.
Proﬁt/(loss) for the year from
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
the assets held for sale 
282,472 
- 
Accounts payable 
29,724 
80,534
Deﬁned beneﬁt plan 
The results of the entity have been consolidated into the 
Corporation as required by the relevant accounting standards. 
Financial information relating to the held for sale asset for the 
period is set out below:
(see note (b) below) 
13,126 
12,516
Margin deposit (see note 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
Lease liability (see note (a) below) 
986 
986
Proﬁt/(loss) for the year is
(see note (e) below) 
17,897 
12,486
Non-current 
31,526 
24,225
Parent  
 
(24,208) 
-
Assets classiﬁed as held for sale 
478,713 
-
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
 
26. Accrued expenses and other liabilities  
Accrued expenses 
 71,475 
57,492
(d) below)  
- 
2,276
 
 
 
 
141,851 
164,104
Unearned fees 
28,828 
11,300
Allowance for debt commitments
Current 
 
157,050 
163,665
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
188,576 
187,890
 
Deposit for shares (see note
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
239
185
f-185

--- Page 432 ---
a) The movement in lease liability during the year is as 
follows: 
 
 
Balance as at 1 January 
986 
4,735
Payments  
- 
(4,752)
Interest on lease liabilities (see note 6) 
- 
17
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Included in proﬁt or loss 
 -    
 -  
b)  Employee beneﬁts- deﬁned beneﬁt plan
Employees are admitted into the scheme on respective dates of 
employment and beneﬁts are determined based on number of 
meritorious years of service to the Corporation. The valuation of 
the deﬁned beneﬁt obligation was determined by Ernst & Young 
Actuaries.
The Corporation commenced an unfunded end of service 
deﬁned beneﬁt plan in 2021 where qualiﬁed employees receive 
a lump sum payment at completion of contract, attainment of 
retirement and or achievement of minimum service period of 
ten (10) years.
The deﬁned beneﬁt plan exposes the Corporation to actuarial 
risks such as longevity risk, interest rate risk and market risks. 
Employees are not required to contribute to the plan.
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Net deﬁned beneﬁt liability 
13,126 
12,516
Additions to lease liabilities 
- 
986
Total employee beneﬁt liability 
13,126 
12,516
i) Movement in net deﬁned beneﬁt (asset) liability 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Balance as at 1 January 
 12,516  
 6,731    
- 
Experience adjustments 
233 
3,216
Amount represents obligation for lease liability in 2024 ﬁnancial 
year. No interest has been accrued on lease liability as the 
lease is due in less than 12 months.
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
Non-current 
12,972 
11,082
Balance as at 31 December 
986 
986  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
Sample Age 
Number of deaths in year
 
 
25  
7 
 
Current 
 
154 
1,434
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation 
 13,126 
12,516
 
 
35  
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
iii) Sensitivity analysis 
 
 
Actuarial gain arising from: 
 
 
ii) Actuarial Assumptions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of age out of 10,000 lives 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance as at 31 December 
13,126 
12,516 
 
 
30  
7 
 
 
 
40  
14 
 
Included in OCI 
 
 
 
 
45  
26 
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
2023 
Current service cost 
 1,733 
1,507    
Past service credit  
-  
5,073    
Interest income 
452  
134     
Beneﬁts paid 
(1,792)  
(479)   
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Remeasurement loss/(gain) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12,909 
12,516
- 
Financial assumptions 
 (16) 
(3,216)
 
Assumptions 
Rates 
Rates 
 
Assumptions regarding the future longevity have been 
based on published statistics and mortality rates published 
in the A67/70 Ultimate tables, published jointly by the 
Institute and the Faculty of Actuaries in the UK.
 
The following were the principal actuarial assumptions as at 
December 31, 2023:
 
Discount rate 
3.86% 
3.85% 
 
Future salary growth rate 
1% 
1% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reasonably possible changes at the reporting dates to one 
of the relevant assumptions, holding other assumptions 
constant, would have affected the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation by the amounts shown below:
Mortality experience
(age rated movement
Discount rate movement
Future salary growth rate
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
Increase Decrease 
Increase Decrease 
(1% movement) 
 1,831 
(1,559) 
1,659 
(1,412) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
2023 
(1% movement)  
(1,450) 
1,723 
(1,310) 
1,558 
by 1 year)  
11 
(11) 
9 
(11)  
Although this analysis does not take into account the full 
distribution of cashﬂows expected under the plan, it does provide 
an approximation of the sensitivity of the assumptions shown.
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
240
186
f-186

--- Page 433 ---
(I) Amount represents outstanding balance on issuances 
made under the Corporation’s Eurobond program. The 
Corporation’s US$5 billion Global Medium-Term Note 
(“GMTN”) programme, which was upsized from US$3 billion 
in line with the Corporation’s funding strategy. The terms and 
conditions of the notes issued under the Corporation’s 
GMTN program are as follows:
The movement in allowance for debt commitments during the 
year is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
c) As part of the Corporation's credit support arrangement 
with various counterparties on its derivative transactions, 
margin deposits are received from such counterparties in 
instances where the mark-to-market valuation of the 
derivative transactions is favourable to the Corporation. 
These cash deposits are therefore recognised as margin 
deposits.
Net measurement of impairment
allowance (See note 10) 
5,411 
10,009 
Balance as at 1 January 
12,486 
2,477  
27. Borrowings 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Borrowings from other ﬁnancial
d) In 2022, the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire made a deposit 
towards the country's investment in the equity capital of 
AFC.The investment was concluded during the year (See 
note 29)
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
institutions (note (ii)) 
 4,809,814 
3,831,892
Current 
 
 1,069,692 
886,630
Non-current 
7,254,791 
6,681,575 
Balance as at 31 December 
17,897 
12,486  
e) This is the amount set aside for expected credit losses on 
the Corporation’s commitments which are exposed to 
credit risk. These commitments includes debt commit-
ments, unfunded risk participation arrangements and 
guarantees (see note 28 (c))and 28(d). 
 
 
Corporate bonds issued (note (i)) 
3,514,669 
3,736,313  
At amortised cost: 
 
 
 
 
 
8,324,483 
7,568,205
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$ 750 Million 
2021 
2028 
2.9900 
Fixed 
750,402 
749,622
 
EUR 15 million 
2020 
2047 
1.6250 
Fixed 
15,958 
15,440
 
US$ 500 million 
2019 
2029 
3.7500 
Fixed 
498,956 
498,232
 
EUR 40 Million 
2021 
2031 
1.3500 
Fixed 
44,059 
42,659
 
 
 
 
Issued 
 Maturity 
(%) 
Type 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
Bond issued 
Year  
Year of 
Coupon 
Coupon 
Amount 
Amount
 
US$ 650 million 
2019 
2026 
4.3750 
Fixed 
653,517 
652,508
 
EUR 15 million 
2020 
2038 
1.6250 
Fixed 
16,124 
15,595
 
US$ 30 Million 
2021 
2023 
0.8200 
Fixed 
- 
30,067
 
EUR 35 million 
2020 
2041 
1.7500 
Fixed 
38,261 
37,039
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
 
US$ 500 million 
2017 
2024 
3.8750 
Fixed 
503,990 
503,220
 
CHF150 Million 
2020 
2025 
1.2050 
Fixed 
178,580 
162,665
 
US$ 700 Million 
2020 
2025 
3.1250 
Fixed 
699,232 
698,070
 
CHF 200 million 
2019 
2023 
0.5225 
Fixed 
- 
216,497
 
US$ 50 Million 
2021 
2031 
2.9000 
Fixed 
50,296 
50,269
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3,514,669 
3,736,313 
 
US$ 50 Million 
2021 
2031 
2.8700 
Fixed 
50,107 
50,063
 
EUR 15 Million 
2021 
2034 
1.3000 
Fixed 
15,188 
14,367
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
241
187
f-187

--- Page 434 ---
(iii) Included in other borrowings from other ﬁnancial institutions 
is an amount of US$388.9 million (2022: US$504.6 million) 
which has been secured using corporate and sovereign 
securities with a carrying value of US$521.0 million (2022: 
US$611.2 million). See note 21(b).
(ii) Borrowings from other ﬁnancial institutions comprise loans 
from commercial banks and development ﬁnancial 
institutions within Africa, Europe, Asia and the United States. 
These are ﬂoating rate liabilities and repricing of these 
borrowings are between 3 months and 6 months.
(v) The maturity proﬁle of borrowings are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
Less than 1 year 
1,069,692 
886,630
 
1 – 3 years 
4,227,084 
3,502,550
 
Over 3 years 
3,027,707 
3,179,025
(iv) The Corporation has not defaulted on principal, interest or 
other covenant breaches with respect to its borrowings.
 
 
 
 
8,324,483 
7,568,205  
 
As at December 31, 2023, there was one legal proceeding 
against the Corporation. The Directors believe that, based 
on currently available information and advice of the 
Corporation's legal counsel, the outcome from this 
proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the 
ﬁnancial position of the Corporation. No provision has been 
made in respect of these legal proceedings, for the year 
ended December 31, 2023 (2022: Nil).
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
Equity commitments (Note 28b) 
27,012 
33,027
 
Unfunded risk participation and
 
Proceeds from other borrowings 
2,425,914 
1,991,820
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
Interest paid 
(330,682) 
(183,126)
 
These commitments relate to equity ﬁnancing commitments 
to third parties.
 
Currency exposures arising from borrowing transactions are 
hedged in line with the Corporation's policy (see Note 3.2.1 
Foreign exchange risk).
 
At beginning of the year 
7,568,205 
6,186,020
 
Repayment of borrowings 
(1,722,949) 
(607,015)
 
At end of the year 
8,324,483 
7,568,205  
c) Debt commitments 
 
 
(vi) Reconciliation of movement in borrowings to cashﬂows from 
ﬁnancing activities 
 
 
 
Interest expense (see note 6) 
350,404 
207,384
 
These commitments relate to unfunded risk participation 
arrangements under Trade Finance transactions and loan 
commitments on transactions which are yet to be dis-
bursed.
 
These are contracts that require the issuer to make speciﬁed 
payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs 
because a speciﬁed debtor fails to make payments when 
due, in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
 
to borrowings 
(13,329) 
(8,743)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28. Contingent liabilities and 
commitments
 
Effects of changes in foreign
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
exchange rates 
46,920 
(18,135)
b) Equity commitments 
 
 
 
Transaction costs related 
a) Legal proceedings 
 
 
d)  Guarantees 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
Debt commitments (Note 28c) 
844,758 
537,137
 
guarantees (Note 28d) 
1,654,146 
1,147,271
 
 
 
 
2,525,916 
1,717,435
 
In line with the provisions of IFRS Accounting Standards 
(IFRS 9), the Corporation has set aside an amount for 
expected credit losses on its debt commitments (see note 
26(e)).
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
242
188
f-188

--- Page 435 ---
29. Share capital
 
 
 
 
 
 
Addition during the year 
247,192 
119,351
(ii) During the year, the sum of US$339.7 million was invested by 
shareholders under the on-going rights issue program 
approved by the Board in 2022. The basis of the rights issue 
is 1 new share for every 4 shares held.
Republic of Bostwana 
2,000 
8,000 
10,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
Dividend capitalized during
 
 
 
 
("Turk Eximbank") 
110,000 
- 
110,000
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
  
 
Addition during the year
Rights Issue Program
(note(ii) below) 
339,674 
- 
339,674
At 31 December 
1,537,719 
1,290,527
 
 
 
 
486,849 
16,000 
502,849
 
 
 
 
No. of shares
No. of shares 
 
 
 
 
In thousands  
In thousands 
At 1 January  
1,290,527 
1,171,176
At 31 December 
1,537,719 
1,290,527
(I) Shareholders
(note(I) below) 
247,192 
119,351
The total authorised number of ordinary shares is 2 billion units 
with a par value of US$1.00 per share. 
Issued and fully paid capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Paid in  
Callable 
Invested
SBM Capital Markets Limited 
105 
- 
105
At 1 January  
1,290,527 
1,171,176
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
2022
2023 
The details of capital raised during the year is as follows:
 
 
 
 
US$ '000 
US$ '000 
US$ '000
Republic of Cameroon 
20,000 
- 
20,000
Republic of Cote d'ivoire 
10,000 
- 
10,000
Türkiye Export Credit Bank Inc. 
Republic of Benin 
2,000 
8,000 
10,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
the year (note (iii) below) 
3,070 
- 
3,070
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
At 31 December 
423,675 
184,018 
 
 
 
 
No. of warrants
No. of warrants 
 
 
 
 
In thousands 
 In thousands 
 
   
 
 
At 1 January / 31 December 
 105,263  
 105,263  
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
   
 
2022 
2023 
(note 29 (i) above) 
239,657 
117,586
(iii) In addition, the Republic of Egypt and the Republic of Sierra 
Leone increased their investment in the Corporation's 
capital by re-investing their dividends from 2022 ﬁnancial 
year, which amounted to US$3 million and US$0.1 million 
respectively.
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
31. Share warrants 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January / 31 December 
 200,000  
 200,000  
At 1 January  
 184,018 
66,432
30. Share premium
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
Addition during the year
 
 
 
 
 
 
Return on warrants 
(6,981) 
(5,075)
At beginning of the year 
 1,049,190 
824,808
 
beneﬁt liability 
(218) 
-
(i) The Corporation issued 105,263,158 warrants in 2020, for an 
aggregate amount of US$200 million and credited the 
proceeds to the share warrant account. Share warrants are 
convertible into ordinary shares of the Corporation, if the 
warrants are not redeemed before maturity at the option of 
the Corporation. Payment of returns on warrants are at the 
sole discretion of the Corporation.
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
At end of the year 
(27,020) 
(24,299)
32. Retained earnings
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
Dividend paid during the year 
(85,581) 
(56,462)
At 1 January 
(24,299) 
(23,653) 
Net loss on FVOCI ﬁnancial assets: 
 
-     Fair value loss - equity securities 
(2,503) 
(646)
 
 
 
 
(2,721) 
(646)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-  
Remeasurements of deﬁned
At end of the year 
1,286,318 
1,049,190 
33. Fair value reserves 
 
 
Proﬁt for the year 
329,690 
285,919
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
243
189
f-189

--- Page 436 ---
The fair value reserves comprise the cumulative net change in 
the fair value of equity securities measured at FVOCI and 
remeasurement of deﬁned beneﬁt liability.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash in hand and balances with
Placements with other banks (Note 16) 
1,376,627 
1,374,933
(i) Pecan Energy Ghana Limited (PEGL): a wholly owned 
subsidiary, incorporated in Ghana. The Company has a 
50% participating interest in the Deepwater Tano / Cape 
Three Points block (“DWT/CTP”) and is the operator 
responsible for developing the DWT/CTP (Pecan ﬁeld).
34. Dividends
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
i) 
Included in investment securities in Note 20 are treasury bills 
issued by the government of United States of America which 
are highly liquid ﬁnancial instruments with less than three 
(3) months to maturity.
 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022
banks (Note 15) 
 6,711 
122,682
At end of the year 
3,491,871 2,995,106
36. Group entities and related party 
transactions
The Group consists of the Africa Finance Corporation as the 
Parent. Other group entities are:
Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities (note (i) below) 
2,108,533 
1,497,491
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group entities
AFC Equity Investments Limited: a wholly owned entity 
incorporated in Mauritius, which was set up to hold equity 
investments on behalf of the Corporation (2022: 100%).
AFC Capital Partners: a wholly owned entity incorporated in 
Mauritius in 2021, set up as an investment management entity 
with a global business License (2022: 100%).
The Board of Directors is proposing a dividend of 5.3158 US 
cents per share (2022: 6.6315 US cents per share), amounting 
to approximately US$ 81,742,093 (2022: US$ 85,581,299). The 
resolution on payment of dividend will be tabled before the 
annual general meeting scheduled for 4 April 2024 and if 
approved, the dividend will be paid to all qualifying sharehold-
ers who are on the register of members as of 31 December 
2023. The Board of Directors is also proposing a payment of 
5.3158 US cents per share warrant (2022: 6.6315 US cents per 
share). The resolution on payment of dividend to share warrant 
holders will be tabled before the annual general meeting.
35. Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
Arise PCC: a wholly owned special purpose vehicle, incorpo-
rated in Mauritius, to hold 50% interest in Terminal à Conteneurs 
de Nouakchott (TCN), a port project in the Islamic Republic of 
Mauritania. Arise PCC became wholly owned in 2022, increas-
ing the Corporation’s interest in TCN to 50%, from 10.5%. During 
the year, the investment in TCN was transferred from Arise PCC 
to AFC Equity and the process for an orderly liquidation of Arise 
PCC commenced. (2022: 100%).
Pecan Energies Investment Limited: a wholly owned entity 
incorporated in Cayman Island, which was set up to hold the 
entities acquired from Pecan Energy AS, formally Aker Energy 
AS. During the year, the Corporation acquired a 100% interest in 
Pecan Energies AS, an exploration and production company 
incorporated in Norway. The group has been recognised as 
non-current assets held for sale after all the requisite conditions 
had been fulﬁlled. The subsidiaries of Pecan Energies 
Investment Limited include:
(ii) Pecan Energy Services Limited: a wholly owned subsidiary, 
incorporated in Cayman Island, set up to provide technical 
services to PEGL for the development of the Pecan ﬁeld.
(iii) FPSO Investment Limited: a wholly owned subsidiary, 
incorporated in Malta, set up for the acquisition of a 
ﬂoating production storage and ofﬂoading vessel for the 
development of the Pecan ﬁeld. The entity has 3 wholly 
owned subsidiaries, which were incorporated in Malta, 
namely; Ghana FPSO Holdings Limited, Ghana FPSO 
Company Limited and Ghana FPSO Operations AS.
Associates and joint venture operations
Associated entities comprise of equity investments that result in 
the Corporation having signiﬁcant inﬂuence by being able to 
participate in the ﬁnancial and operating policy decisions of 
the investee companies. These investments are carried in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position at fair value through proﬁt or 
loss rather than accounted for using the equity method. See 
Note 19 for details of these investments.
See Note 4 for information about judgements made in 
applying accounting policies that have the most signiﬁcant 
effects on the amounts recognised in the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements in relation to group entities.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Report
Africa Finance Corporation
244
190
f-190

--- Page 437 ---
Associate companies  
383,269 
321,375 
 
Shareholders 
 202,040 
51,781  
Related party transactions
iii. Cash and bank balances: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Average 
Coupon 
 
c)  Cross currency swap
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
debt securities: 
 
 
I. 
Loans:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Associated companies 
 41,415 
25,540 
 
 
 
 
Tenor 
/Rate 
Rate Type
 
 
 
 
 
 
Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability 
to control the other party or exercise inﬂuence over the other 
party in making ﬁnancial and operational decisions, or one 
other party controls both. The deﬁnition includes subsidiaries, 
associates, joint venture entities, signiﬁcant shareholders and 
their companies as well as key management personnel.
 
Shareholders 
 206,939 
81,429  
 
Operating account balances 
 312 
10,195 
 
These transactions were carried out in the normal course of 
business, under commercial terms. The terms and conditions 
of loans to related parties are as follows:
 
b) Interest income earned: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances 
6 Months 
6% - 15%  Fixed/ﬂoating 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Balances with related parties: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
ii. 
Placements/investments in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders 
 59,659 
34,075  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt
 
securities 
10 Years 
5% - 16%  Fixed/ﬂoating 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
US$’000 
US$’000 
 
 
 Notional amount 
1,520,000  
 1,000,000  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salaries and other short-term
 
beneﬁts 
11,356 
9,479  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US$’000
US$’000 
 
Post-employment beneﬁts 
794 
1,647
 
 
 
 
 
 
(d)  Key management compensation 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
 
 
2023 
Key management staff refers to members of the Executive 
Management Committee, which are: (a) President and Chief 
Executive Ofﬁcer, (b) Executive Director and Chief Investment 
Ofﬁcer, (c) Executive Director, Financial Services, (d) Senior 
Director & Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, (e) Senior Director & Chief Risk 
Ofﬁcer, (f) Senior Director & General Counsel (g) Director & 
Head of Corporate Services, (h) Director & Head, Economics, 
Research and Strategy.
 
37. Events after the reporting period 
There were no events after the statement of ﬁnancial position 
date which materially affect these consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
Annual Report 2023
245
191
f-191

--- Page 438 ---
192
f-192

--- Page 439 ---
Africa Finance Corporation 
Condensed Consolidated Interim 
Financial Statements  
For the Period ended 30 June 2024 
 
 
 
 
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES  
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
for the period ended 30 June 2024, that gives a true and fair view of the financial affairs of the Corporation 
at the end of the period and of its profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The Directors are also 
responsible for ensuring that the Corporation keeps proper accounting records that disclose, with reasonable 
accuracy, the financial position of the Corporation. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of 
the Corporation. 
 
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
for the period ended 30 June 2024, that gives a true and fair view of the financial affairs of the Corporation 
at the end of the period and of its profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The Directors are also 
responsible for ensuring that the Corporation keeps proper accounting records that disclose, with reasonable 
accuracy, the financial position of the Corporation. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of 
the Corporation. 
 
Nothing has come to the attention of the Directors to indicate that the Corporation will not remain a going 
concern for at least twelve months from the date of this statement. 
 
Approval of Annual Consolidated Financial Statements 
The condensed consolidated interim financial statements, presented on pages 4 to74, were approved by the 
Directors on September 20, 2024 and were signed on its behalf by: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_____________________________ 
 
 
 
________________________________ 
                  Chairman  
 
 
 
 
                 President & CEO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
193
f-193

--- Page 440 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
To the Shareholders of Africa Finance Corporation 
Introduction  
We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Africa 
Finance Corporation and its subsidiaries (together "the Corporation") which comprises:  
•
the condensed consolidated interim statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024;
•
the condensed consolidated interim statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024;
•
the condensed consolidated interim statement of changes in equity for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2024;
•
the condensed consolidated interim statement of cash flows for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2024; and
•
notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements, comprising material 
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Directors’ Responsibility 
The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this condensed consolidated 
interim financial statements in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. Our responsibility 
is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated interim financial statements based on our 
review.  
Scope of Review 
We conducted our review in accordance with the International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, 
Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity. A review 
of interim financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial 
and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially 
less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and 
consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant 
matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.  
Other Matter 
We draw attention to the fact that we have not audited nor reviewed the accompanying condensed 
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash 
flows for the period ended 30 June 2023, or any of the related notes and accordingly, we do not express 
an opinion on them.  
194
f-194

--- Page 441 ---
Conclusion 
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the 
accompanying condensed consolidated interim financial statements as at 30 June 2024 are not 
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting.  
Elijah Oladunmoye FCA 
FRC/2013/ICAN/0000019769  
For: KPMG Professional Services 
       Chartered Accountants 
21 September 2024 
Lagos, Nigeria 
195
f-195

--- Page 442 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or loss and other Comprehensive Income
6 months
6 months
ended
ended
30 June
30 June
2024
2023
Reviewed
Unaudited
Note*
US$ '000
US$ '000
Interest income
6
525,924
355,836
Interest expense
6
(215,192)
(167,585)
Net interest income
310,732
188,251
Credit risk insurance
12b
(10,774)
(9,977)
Dividend income
7
5,238
714
Fees, commission and other income
8
30,716
29,573
Operating income
335,912
208,561
Net gain /(loss) on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
9
3,399
(7,735)
Net impairment charge on financial assets
10
(21,940)
(38,328)
Gain on sale of financial assets
11
2,049
7,126
Operating expenses
12a
(49,870)
(42,729)
Profit for the period from continuing operations
269,550
126,895
Discontinued operations
Loss for the period, from discontinued operations
25
(14,939)
(7,300)
Profit for the Period
254,611
119,595
Other comprehensive income/(loss):
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Net changes on FVOCI financial assets (equity instruments)
33
(227)
4,502
Other comprehensive (loss)/income
(227)
4,502
Total comprehensive income for the Period
254,384
124,097
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the parent
254,611
119,595
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the parent:
From continuing operations
269,550
126,895
From discontinued operations
(14,939)
(7,300)
254,611
119,595
Earnings per share
Basic/diluted (United States cents)
14
16.49
8.94
From continuing operations
Earnings per share (United States Cents)
14
17.46
9.49
From discontinued operations
Loss per share (United States Cents)
14
(0.97)
(0.55)
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements.
4
196
f-196

--- Page 443 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at June 30, 2024
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
Note*
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Cash and balances with banks
15
27,582
6,711
Loans and advances to banks
16
859,751
1,371,103
Derivative financial instruments
17
166,452
263,391
Loans and advances to other customers
18
4,755,529
4,283,292
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
19
1,614,840
1,601,402
Investment securities
20
3,815,751
3,783,322
Pledged assets
21
449,450
521,039
Other assets
22
33,081
30,877
Property, plant and equipment
23
3,996
5,087
Intangible assets
24
187
200
11,726,619
11,866,424
Non-current assets held for sale
25
466,611
478,713
Total Assets
12,193,230
12,345,137
Liabilities
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
26
197,687
188,576
Derivative financial instruments
17
76,282
128,914
Borrowings
27
8,017,439
8,324,483
8,291,408
8,641,973
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale
25
285,206
282,472
Total Liabilities
8,576,614
8,924,445
Equity
Share capital
29
1,551,716
1,537,719
Share premium
30
438,556
423,675
Share warrants
31
200,000
200,000
Retained earnings
32
1,453,591
1,286,318
Fair value reserves
33
(27,247)
(27,020)
Total equity
3,616,616
3,420,692
Total Equity and Liabilities
12,193,230
12,345,137
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements.
5
197
f-197

--- Page 444 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Share
capital
Share
premium
Share
Warrants
Fair Value
Reserves
Retained
earnings
Total
equity
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Audited As at January 1, 2023
1,290,527
184,018
200,000
(24,299)
1,049,190
2,699,436
Profit for the Period
-
-
-
-
119,595
119,595
Equity securities at FVOCI- net change in fair value
-
-
-
4,502
-
4,502
Total comprehensive income 
-
-
-
4,502
119,595
124,097
Transactions with owners
Issued during the year
132,305
120,202
-
-
-
252,507
Dividend on share warrants
-
-
-
-
(6,981)
(6,981)
Dividends paid during the period
-
-
-
-
(85,581)
(85,581)
Transactions with owners:
132,305
120,202
-
-
(92,562)
159,945
Unaudited As at June 30, 2023
1,422,832
304,220
200,000
(19,797)
1,076,223
2,983,478
Reviewed As at January 1, 2024
1,537,719
423,675
200,000
(27,020)
1,286,318
3,420,692
Profit for the Period
-
-
-
-
254,611
254,611
Other comprehensive income
Equity securities at FVOCI- net change in fair value
-
-
-
(227)
-
(227)
Total comprehensive income 
-
-
-
(227)
254,611
254,384
Transactions with owners:
Issued during the period
13,997
14,881
-
-
-
28,878
Dividend on share warrants
-
-
-
-
(5,596)
(5,596)
Dividends paid during the period
-
-
-
-
(81,742)
(81,742)
Transaction with owners
13,997
14,881
-
-
(87,338)
(58,460)
Reviewed As at June 30, 2024
1,551,716
438,556
200,000
(27,247)
1,453,591
3,616,616
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements.
6
198
f-198

--- Page 445 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
6 months
6 months
ended
ended
30 June
30 June
2024
2023
Reviewed
Unaudited
Note*
US$ '000
US$ '000
Cash flows from operating activities
Interest and similar income received
568,932
331,006
Interest paid
(205,732)
(150,592)
Fee and commission receipts
24,713
33,780
Dividend received
5,239
714
Cash payments to employees and suppliers
(60,551)
(123,963)
Loans and advances disbursed to customers
(496,271)
(472,279)
Net cash from operating activities
(163,670)
(381,334)
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of debt securities
(1,419,254)
(1,714,654)
Capital repayments of debt securities
1,311,481
1,288,202
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(15,317)
(97,918)
Proceeds on disposal/repayments of equity securities
14,824
1,212
Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment
23
36
41
Purchase of property and equipment
23
(217)
(791)
Purchase of software/Intangibles
24
(35)
-
Net cash used in investment activities
(108,482)
(523,908)
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from other borrowings
1,167,137
805,542
Transaction costs related to borrowings
(12,442)
(7,240)
Repayment of borrowings
(1,438,968)
(850,126)
Proceeds on share issue
28,878
250,231
Dividends paid on share warrants
32
(5,596)
(6,981)
Dividend paid to ordinary Shareholders
(77,324)
(85,581)
Deposit for shares
9,700
6,500
Net cash from (used in) financing activities
(328,615)
112,345
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
(600,767)
(792,897)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period
3,491,871
2,995,106
Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June
2,891,104
2,202,209
* The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements.
7
199
f-199

--- Page 446 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
1.
General information
Africa Finance Corporation (“AFC" or the "Corporation”) is a multilateral development finance institution established by an
international agreement between sovereign states. 
AFC was created by two constitutive legal instruments: (i) the Agreement for the Establishment of the Africa Finance
Corporation (the “AFC Agreement”) and (ii) the Charter of the Africa Finance Corporation (the “AFC Charter”). AFC is
headquartered in the Federal Republic of Nigeria, based on the Headquarters Agreement dated 28 May 2007 between the
Federal Republic of Nigeria and the Africa Finance Corporation. AFC’s headquarters is located at 3a Osborne Road, Ikoyi,
Lagos, Nigeria.
The Corporation’s shareholders principally comprise African States and corporate entities, such as major commercial
banks, other financial institutions and other private sector commercial entities. There are forty three (2023: forty two)
member states as listed in the table below.
Member Countries
Angola
Ethiopia
Madagascar
Senegal
Benin
Djibouti
Malawi
Sierra Leone
Botswana
Egypt
Mali
Somalia
Burkina Faso
Eritrea
Mauritania
South Sudan
Burundi
Eswatini
Mauritius
The Gambia
Cameroon
Gabon
Morocco
Togo
Cape Verde
Ghana
Namibia
Tunisia
Chad
Guinea Bissau
Niger
Uganda
Congo
Guinea Conakry
Nigeria
Zambia
Cote d'Ivoire
Kenya
Rwanda
Zimbabwe
Democratic Republic of
Congo
Liberia
Sao Tome &
Principe
Forty-eight (48) shareholders have subscribed and paid for shares in AFC in accordance with the terms of the AFC Charter
(2023 Forty-four (44)). During the period, the Corporation received equity investments totalling US$24.9 million from
National Social Security Fund Kenya, US$5.0 million from RawBank Democratic Republic of the Congo and US$5.0
(comprising US$1 million paid-in capital and US$4 million callable capital) from the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe. As at June
30, 2024, the shareholders holding more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Corporation is as follows:
Name of Shareholder
Shareholding (%)
June 2024
December 2023
Central Bank of Nigeria
39.5
39.9
Access Bank Plc
9.0
9.1
United Bank of Africa Plc
7.9
7.9
First Bank of Nigeria Plc
6.5
6.5
Zenith Bank Plc
6.4
6.5
See Note 29 for additional information on shareholding of the Corporation.
The Corporation’s primary objective is to finance infrastructure (power, transportation, telecommunications), heavy industry,
technology and natural resource (oil, gas, and mining) projects in Africa and to provide advisory, project development and
other services related thereto. The Corporation also provides trade finance facilities to facilitate African trade. 
The Corporation commenced operations on 1 November, 2007, after certain conditions prescribed in its constitutive
instruments were fulfilled. 
8
200
f-200

--- Page 447 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
1.
General information (continued)
These condensed consolidated interim financial statements comprise the financial statements of Africa Finance Corporation
("AFC"), and its wholly owned subsidiaries: AFC Equity Investments Limited (“AFC Equity”), AFC Capital Partners ("AFC
Capital"), Arise PCC and Pecan Energies Investment Limited (“Pecan"), together referred to as "The Corporation". 
AFC Equity, which is domiciled in the Republic of Mauritius, was set up to hold equity investments on behalf of the
Corporation as a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV). The operations of AFC and AFC Equity are managed solely by AFC's
management team as AFC Equity does not have a separate management team.
AFC Capital was setup as an investment management entity, which is also domiciled in the Republic of Mauritius. AFC
Capital was created to mobilise and manage third party funds to unlock new sources of capital to fund the African
infrastructure investment gap. AFC Capital leverages the scale and breadth of AFC’s investment track record to offer
institutional investors unique access to attractive, de-risked investment opportunities in climate-resilient infrastructure with
strong returns.
Arise PCC, which is also domiciled in the Republic of Mauritius, is an SPV set up solely to hold the Corporation's
investment in Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott (“TCN”). TCN, formerly known as Arise Mauritania S.A., is a port
project in the Islamic Republic of Mauritania. In 2022, the Corporation acquired a 100% stake in Arise PCC leading to an
increase in the Corporation's interest in TCN to 50%, from 10.5%. In 2023, the investment in TCN was transferred from
Arise PCC to AFC Equity and the process for an orderly liquidation of Arise PCC commenced.The full liquidation of the
company is currently at an advanced stage and is expected to be finalized before the end of the 2024 financial year. 
In 2023, AFC acquired a 100% interest in Pecan Energy AS (formerly Aker Energies AS), an exploration and production
company. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Pecan Energy Ghana Limited, the Company has a 50% participating
interest in the Deepwater Tano / Cape Three Points block (“DWT/CTP”). Pecan Energy Ghana Ltd is the operator
responsible for developing the DWT/CTP (Pecan field). After the acquisition, the entity was renamed as Pecan Energies AS
and its assets and liabilities transferred to Pecan Energies Investment Limited (“PEIL”). AFC plans to reduce its interest in
the near term. See notes 25 and 35.
Accordingly, the group is referred to as “the Corporation” for financial reporting purposes.
The consolidated financial statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024 were authorized and approved for issue by the
Board of Directors on September 26, 2024.
2.
Summary of material accounting policies
The material accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the previous financial year, except for the adoption of
new and amended IFRS Accounting Standards as set out below.
2.1
Basis of preparation
The condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 have been prepared in
accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting and should be read in conjunction with the Corporation's last annual
consilidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 ("last annual financial statements"). They
do not include all of the information required for a complete set of financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS
Accounting Standards. However, selected explanatory notes are included to explain events and transactions that are
significant to an understanding of the changes in the Corporation's financial position and performance since the last anual
financial statements. 
The condensed consolidated interim financial statements are presented in United States dollars (US$) rounded to the
nearest thousand.
In the preparation of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements, management has made judgements and
estimates that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of the assets and liabilities, income
and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The significant judgements made by management in applying
the Corporation's accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the same as those described in
the last annual financial statements. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
assumptions and estimates are significant to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements, are disclosed in
Note 4.
9
201
f-201

--- Page 448 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
2.1
Basis of preparation (continued)
2.1.1
Changes in accounting policy and disclosures
The accounting policies applied in these condensed consolidated interim financial statements are the same as those
applied in the Corporation's consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 except for
the adoption of new standards effective as of 1 January 2024 below. The Corporation has not early adopted any standard,
interpretation or amendment that has been issued but not yet effective. 
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current liabilities with covenants -Amendments to
IAS 1
The Corporation adopted Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current Liabilities with Covenants- Amendments to
IAS 1, as issued in 2020 and 2022. The amendments apply retrospectively for annual reporting periods beginning on or
after 1 January 2024. They clarify certain requirements for determining whether a liability should be classified as current or
non-current and require new disclosures for non-current liabilities that are subject to covenants within 12 months after the
reporting period. This resulted in a change in the accounting policy for classification of liabilities that can be settled in an
entity's own shares (e.g. convertible notes issued by the entity) Previously, the Corporation ignored all counterparty
conversion options when classifying the related liabilities as current or non-current. Under the revised policy, when a liability
includes a counterparty conversion option that may be settled by a transfer of the Corporation's own shares, the
Corporation takes into account the conversion option in classifying the host liability as current or non-current except when it
is classified as an equity component of a compound instrument. The Corporation’s other liabilities were not impacted by the
amendments. 
Despite the change in policy, there is no restrospective impact on the comparative statement of financial position, as the
Corporation has no outstanding convertibles as at 31 December 2023. 
The change in acounting policy will also be reflected in the Corporation's consolidated financial statements at and for the
year ending 31 December 2024. 
10
202
f-202

--- Page 449 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management
The Corporation's business philosophy recognises that risks are an inevitable consequence of being in business. The
Corporation’s aim, therefore, is not to eliminate all risks, but to design policies, processes and procedures that will enable it
achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return. The Corporation believes that a strong risk management function
is key to its successful long-term operations.
The Corporation operates a multi-layered risk management governance structure, with the Board of Directors at its apex,
exercising and assuming ultimate authority and responsibility for the Corporation's risk management. Other layers in the risk
management governance structure are: (i) the Board Risk and Investment Committee (BRIC), responsible for oversight and
approval of risk policies, and credit approvals above management's authority levels; (ii) Executive Management Committee
(EXCO), responsible for review of investment proposals, and exercise of management's delegated authority for investment
approvals; (iii) Management Risk Committee, responsible for the risk policy review and implementation; (iv) Asset and
Liability Committee (ALCO), responsible for monitoring and management of the Corporation’s liquidity and interest rate
risks; (v) Risk Management Department, responsible for risk policy development, management and monitoring; and (vi)
Business Units, responsible for the creation and management of risk assets.
The Corporation manages its financial risks through policies approved by the BRIC, and these are reviewed periodically.
The policies also provide parameters and guidelines as to the Corporation's risk appetite, the approval process in respect of
transactions, and how transactions are monitored and managed, in respect of any changes in the risk profile.
In managing those risks, Risk Management’s independence and accountability is sustained by the Chief Risk Officer’s
direct reporting line to both the President & CEO and to the Chairman of the Board Risk and Investment Committee and the
Policy requires the Chief Risk Officer’s affirmative vote before a transaction can be approved.
In order to regularly monitor the risks in the Corporation’s portfolio, Risk Management generates a number of reports,
including a Daily Risk Report for the Executive Management Committee (EXCO) and a Portfolio Risk Dashboard for each
meeting of the BRIC. In addition to these reports, Risk Management also provides independent risk assessment to
transaction monitoring reports, which are prepared by the Business Originators on a quarterly basis.
Although, in the case of treasury investments and corporate lending transactions, the Corporation can lend unsecured,
almost all of the Corporation’s loans, which are largely project and corporate financing and asset-backed structured trade
are secured by collateral. Because many of the Corporation’s project lending transactions are bespoke, the collateral
package is tailored to the individual project. The requirement for collateral and the type to be taken at origination will be
based upon the nature of the transaction and the credit quality, size and structure of the borrower. The Corporation will
often require the collateral to include a first charge over land and buildings owned and occupied by the business, a
debenture over one or more of the assets of a company, personal guarantees from the directors of a company. However,
some collateral requirements are generic, including domiciliation of contract proceeds and the proceeds of off-take
agreements, assignment of all insurance and reinsurance proceeds, charge over the Collections Account and Debt Service
Reserve Account and pledges or liens over physical assets. In the case of asset-backed trade related transactions, the
collateral is a mix of product financed, cash or receivables.
The principal collateral types acceptable to the Corporation are: commercial properties; charges over business assets such
as premises, inventory and plant and machinery; financial instruments such as debt securities, and guarantees received
from third parties. The Corporation maintains appetite guidelines on the acceptability of specific classes of collateral.
Collateral held as security for financial assets other than loans and advances is determined by the nature of the underlying
exposure. Debt securities, including treasury, bonds and other bills are generally unsecured. Collateral is generally not held
against loans and advances to banks/placements; however, securities are held as part of reverse repurchase or securities
borrowing transactions or where a collateral agreement has been entered into under a master netting agreement.
Derivative transactions with financial counterparties are typically collateralised under a Credit Support Annex (CSA), in
conjunction with the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) Master Agreement. Derivative transactions
with non-financial customers are not usually supported by a CSA. The Corporation considers risk concentrations by
collateral providers with a view to ensuring that any potential undue concentrations of risk are identified and suitably
managed. Generally, the concentration of collateral follows a similar pattern as the geographical and sectoral split of the
Corporation’s portfolio of loans and advances to customers.
In order to manage the risk of portfolio concentration, the Corporation has limits approved by the BRIC in respect of
Countries, Sectors (e.g. Power, Natural Resources, etc.), Single Obligor and Sector Single Obligor.
The most important types of risks faced by the Corporation are credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk. These individual
sources of risk and how the Corporation manages them are described in more detail below.
11
203
f-203

--- Page 450 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
3.1
Credit risk
The Corporation takes on exposures to credit risk, which is the risk of financial loss as a result of a failure by a client or
counterparty to meet its contractual obligation to the Corporation. The Corporation has two principal sources of credit risk:
(i) credit risk on its loans and investments; and (ii) counterparty credit risk on its portfolio of treasury investments which
include money market deals and other debt securities. The Corporation’s credit risks are managed within a framework of
credit policies, guidelines and processes, which are described in more detail below:
The maximum exposure to credit risk is presented in the table below:
3.1.1 Maximum exposure to credit risk
Maximum Exposure
June 30, 2024
December 31,
2023
US$ '000
US$ '000
Balances with banks
27,563
6,681
Loan and advances to banks:
 - Placements with banks
859,751
1,371,103
Derivative financial assets
166,452
263,391
Loan and advances to other customers:
 - Project finance loans
3,725,675
3,593,111
 - Trade finance loans
1,029,854
690,181
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
 - Debt securities
316,856
307,132
 - Asset under management (debt securities)
22,228
22,248
Investment Securities:
 - Corporate debt securities
404,660
397,215
 - Government debt securities
3,374,339
3,349,127
Pledged Assets:
 - Corporate debt securities
318,478
336,382
 - Government debt securities
130,972
184,657
Other assets:
 - Account receivable
16,581
14,973
 - Fee receivable
8,875
8,875
10,402,284
10,545,076
Off-balance sheet commitments
2,360,889
2,498,904
The above table represents a worst-case scenario of credit risk exposure faced by Corporation as at the reporting dates
without taking account of any collateral held or other credit enhancements attached. The exposures are based on net
carrying amounts as reported in the statement of financial position.
12
204
f-204

--- Page 451 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
3.1.2 Credit quality analysis
Credit Rating of Counterparty/Obligor
Counterparties are subject to the Corporation’s internal rating process as part of its credit approval and review process. All
risk rating processes are reviewed and validated periodically to ensure relevance to business realities, and relate to loans
and advances to customers, loans and advances to banks, and investment securities. External ratings may also be
obtained where such is available. There were no changes to the risk rating process in the period. The Corporation’s risk
rating buckets and definitions are as highlighted below:
Risk Buckets and Definition
Description
Rating bucket
Range of scores
Risk range description
Very Low Risk
AAA to A-
1.00 - 1.60
Excellent
Low Risk
BBB+ to BBB-
1.70 - 1.90
Strong
Moderate Risk
BB+ to BB-
2.00 - 2.60
Good
Moderate Risk
BB to B-
2.90 - 4.00
Fair
High Risk
CCC+ to CCC
5.00 - 7.00
Acceptable
High Risk
CCC-
8.00 
Marginal
Very High Risk
CC- C
9.00
Special attention
Very High Risk
D
10
Default
The internal credit risk rating bucket has been calibrated to rating grades of international credit rating agencies. Our credit
grades are not intended to replicate external credit grades (where these are available), and ratings assigned by external
rating agencies are not used in determining our internal credit grades. Nonetheless, as the factors used to grade a borrower
may be similar, a borrower rated poorly by an external rating agency is typically assigned a worse internal credit grade.
The credit quality of the Corporation's financial assets with exposure to credit risk that are neither past due nor impaired is
detailed below:
June 30, 2024
December 31,
2023
US$ '000
US$ '000
Counterparties with international credit rating
(S&P, Fitch, Moody’s)
Investment grade (AAA to BBB-)
3,376,868
3,850,812
Others (BB+, BB, BB-, B+, B, B-)
3,682,631
3,714,402
7,059,499
7,565,214
Counterparties without international credit ratings
Group 1
577,975
554,627
Group 2
2,704,810
2,367,774
3,282,785
2,922,401
Total unimpaired nor past due loans, advances and debt securities
10,342,284
10,487,615
Total unimpaired nor past due financial assets
10,342,284
10,487,615
Group 1 – New customers/related parties (less than 6 months).
Group 2 – Existing customers/related parties (more than 6 months) with no defaults in the past.
Using the Corporation’s internal credit rating, the credit quality of financial assets measured at amortised cost exposed to
credit risk is detailed below:
13
205
f-205

--- Page 452 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Balances with banks at amortised cost:
June 30, 2024
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
- Excellent
10,054
-
-
10,054
- Good
1,686
-
-
1,686
- Fair
179
-
-
179
- Acceptable
15,644
-
-
15,644
Gross carrying amount
27,563
-
-
27,563
Loss allowance
-
-
-
-
Carrying amount
27,563
-
-
27,563
December 31, 2023
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
- Excellent
848
-
-
848
- Strong
5,315
-
-
5,315
- Good
80
-
-
80
- Acceptable
438
-
-
438
Gross carrying amount
6,681
-
-
6,681
Loss allowance
-
-
-
-
Carrying amount
6,681
-
-
6,681
Loans and advances to banks at amortised cost:
June 30, 2024
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
- Excellent
705,384
-
-
705,384
- Strong
-
-
-
-
- Acceptable
159,752
-
-
159,752
Gross carrying amount
865,136
-
-
865,136
Loss allowance
(5,385)
-
-
(5,385)
Carrying amount
859,751
-
-
859,751
December 31, 2023
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
- Excellent
1,101,704
-
-
1,101,704
- Strong
-
-
-
-
- Good
-
-
-
-
- Acceptable
274,923
-
-
274,923
-
-
-
-
Gross carrying amount
1,376,627
-
-
1,376,627
Loss allowance
(5,524)
-
-
(5,524)
Carrying amount
1,371,103
-
-
1,371,103
14
206
f-206

--- Page 453 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost:
June 30, 2024
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Project finance
- Excellent
234,507
-
-
234,507
- Good
483,548
-
-
483,548
- Strong
-
-
-
-
- Fair
584,206
-
-
584,206
- Acceptable
1,939,226
350,277
-
2,289,503
- Marginal
234,761
-
-
234,761
- Special attention
-
-
-
-
- Default
-
-
125,356
125,356
Gross carrying amount
3,476,248
350,277
125,356
3,951,881
Loss allowance
(134,385)
(23,932)
(67,889)
(226,206)
3,341,863
326,345
57,467
3,725,675
Trade finance
- Strong
-
-
-
-
- Good
5,005
-
-
5,005
- Fair
126,108
-
-
126,108
- Acceptable
934,466
-
-
934,466
- Special attention
-
-
-
-
Gross carrying amount
1,065,579
-
-
1,065,579
Loss allowance
(35,725)
-
-
(35,725)
1,029,854
-
-
1,029,854
Gross loans to other customers
4,541,827
350,277
125,356
5,017,460
Carrying amount
4,371,717
326,345
57,467
4,755,529
December 31, 2023
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Project finance
- Excellent
252,489
-
-
252,489
- Strong
-
-
-
-
- Good
287,897
-
-
287,897
- Fair
623,083
-
-
623,083
- Acceptable
2,164,861
350,443
-
2,515,304
- Marginal
-
-
-
-
- Default
-
-
125,356
125,356
Gross carrying amount
3,328,330
350,443
125,356
3,804,129
Loss allowance
(121,313)
(21,816)
(67,889)
(211,018)
3,207,017
328,627
57,467
3,593,111
Trade finance
- Good
7,005
-
-
7,005
- Fair
268,292
-
-
268,292
- Acceptable
439,143
-
-
439,143
- Marginal
-
-
-
-
Gross carrying amount
714,440
-
-
714,440
Loss allowance
(24,259)
-
-
(24,259)
690,181
-
-
690,181
Gross loans to other customers
4,042,770
350,443
125,356
4,518,569
Carrying amount
3,897,198
328,627
57,467
4,283,292
15
207
f-207

--- Page 454 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
The following table sets out information about the overdue status of loans and advances to customers in Stages 1, 2 and 3.
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost – gross carrying amount
June 30, 2024
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Current
4,541,827
350,277
31,851
4,923,955
Overdue 30 - 90 days
-
-
-
-
Overdue 90 - 180 days
-
-
-
-
Overdue > 180 days
-
-
93,505
93,505
Total
4,541,827
350,277
125,356
5,017,460
December 31, 2023
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Current
4,042,770
350,443
31,851
4,425,064
Overdue 30 - 90 days
-
-
-
-
Overdue 90 - 180 days
-
-
-
-
Overdue > 180 days
-
-
93,505
93,505
Total
4,042,770
350,443
125,356
4,518,569
16
208
f-208

--- Page 455 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Investment securities at amortised cost:
June 30, 2024
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Corporate debt securities
- Excellent
-
-
-
-
- Strong
-
-
-
-
- Good
-
-
-
-
- Fair
70,163
-
-
70,163
- Acceptable
266,045
-
-
266,045
- Marginal
92,609
-
-
92,609
428,817
-
-
428,817
Loss allowance
(24,159)
-
-
(24,159)
404,658
-
-
404,658
Government debt securities
- Excellent
2,004,909
-
-
2,004,909
- Strong
76
-
-
76
- Fair
68,062
-
-
68,062
- Acceptable
1,328,784
-
-
1,328,784
3,401,831
-
-
3,401,831
Loss allowance
(27,490)
-
-
(27,490)
3,374,341
-
-
3,374,341
Carrying amount
3,778,999
-
-
3,778,999
December 31, 2023
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Corporate debt securities
- Excellent
-
-
-
-
- Strong
-
-
-
-
- Fair
66,968
-
-
66,968
- Acceptable
351,716
-
-
351,716
- Marginal
-
-
-
-
- Special attention
-
-
-
-
418,684
-
-
418,684
Loss allowance
(21,470)
-
-
(21,470)
397,214
-
-
397,214
Government debt securities
- Excellent
2,108,533
-
-
2,108,533
- Strong
20,175
-
-
20,175
- Fair
4,013
-
-
4,013
- Acceptable
1,241,761
-
-
1,241,761
-
-
-
-
3,374,482
-
-
3,374,482
Loss allowance
(25,354)
-
-
(25,354)
3,349,128
-
-
3,349,128
Carrying amount
3,746,342
-
-
3,746,342
17
209
f-209

--- Page 456 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Pledged assets:
June 30, 2024
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Corporate debt securities
- Excellent
-
-
-
-
- Strong
71,005
-
-
71,005
- Good
-
-
-
-
- Acceptable
258,483
-
-
258,483
329,488
-
-
329,488
Loss allowance
(11,008)
-
-
(11,008)
318,480
-
-
318,480
Government debt securities
- Excellent
-
-
-
-
- Strong
50,504
-
-
50,504
- Fair
51,151
-
-
51,151
- Acceptable
31,141
-
-
31,141
132,796
-
-
132,796
Loss allowance
(1,826)
-
-
(1,826)
130,970
-
-
130,970
Carrying amount
449,450
-
-
449,450
December 31, 2023
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Corporate debt securities
- Excellent
-
-
-
-
- Strong
50,905
-
-
50,905
- Fair
31,936
-
-
31,936
- Acceptable
265,742
-
-
265,742
348,583
-
-
348,583
Loss allowance
(12,200)
-
-
(12,200)
336,383
-
-
336,383
Government debt securities
- Excellent
30,897
-
-
30,897
- Strong
50,521
-
-
50,521
- Good
75,301
-
-
75,301
- Acceptable
31,157
-
-
31,157
187,876
-
-
187,876
Loss allowance
(3,220)
-
-
(3,220)
184,656
-
-
184,656
Carrying amount
521,039
-
-
521,039
18
210
f-210

--- Page 457 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Other assets:
June 30, 2024
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Account receivable
-Acceptable
16,581
-
-
16,581
Fee receivable
- Acceptable
8,875
-
-
8,875
25,456
-
-
25,456
Loss allowance
-
-
-
-
Carrying amount
25,456
-
-
25,456
December 31, 2023
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Account receivable
- Acceptable
14,973
-
-
14,973
Fee receivable
- Acceptable
8,875
-
-
8,875
Advance for investment
- Good
-
-
-
-
23,848
-
-
23,848
Loss allowance
-
-
-
-
Carrying amount
23,848
-
-
23,848
Off-balance sheet commitments:
June 30, 2024
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Debt and financial guarantees
- Good
20,164
-
-
20,164
- Fair
43,307
-
-
43,307
- Acceptable
2,294,493
-
-
2,294,493
- Marginal
2,925
-
-
2,925
Total
2,360,889
-
-
2,360,889
Loss allowance on commitments
11,083
-
-
11,083
December 31, 2023
US$ '000
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Debt and financial guarantees
- Good
26,571
-
-
26,571
- Fair
239,350
-
-
239,350
- Acceptable
2,232,983
-
-
2,232,983
- Marginal
-
-
-
-
Total
2,498,904
-
-
2,498,904
Loss allowance on commitments
17,897
-
-
17,897
19
211
f-211

--- Page 458 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Using the Corporation’s internal credit rating, the credit quality of financial assets measured at fair value exposed to credit
risk is detailed below:
June 30, 2024
December 31,
2023
US$ '000
US$ '000
Derivative financial assets:
- Acceptable
166,452
263,391
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Debt securities
- Fair
5,000
5,000
- Acceptable
307,380
290,610
- Marginal
4,476
11,522
Asset under management: debt securities
- Acceptable
22,228
22,248
339,084
329,380
Effects of collateral and other credit enhancements
The Corporation holds collateral and other credit enhancements against certain of its credit exposures. For loans and
advances to other customers, the general credit worthiness of a customer tends to be the most relevant indicator of credit
quality of a loan extended to it. Collateral values are assessed at the time of loan origination. The Corporation requires
collateral to be realistically valued by an appropriately qualified source, independent of both the credit decision process and
the customer, at the time of borrowing. Collateral provides additional security and the Corporation generally requests that
borrowers provide it. The extent to which collateral values are actively managed will depend on the credit quality and other
circumstances of the obligor. Although lending decisions are predominantly based on expected cash flows, any collateral
provided may impact the pricing and other terms of a loan or facility granted; this will have a financial impact on the amount
of net interest income recognised and on internal loss-given-default estimates that contribute to the determination of asset
quality.
For unimpaired secured lending, the Corporation reports assets gross of collateral and therefore discloses the maximum
loss exposure. The Corporation believes that this approach is appropriate as collateral values at origination and during a
period of good performance may not be representative of the value of collateral if the obligor enters a distressed state.
Unimpaired secured lending is predominantly managed on a cash flow basis. On occasion, it may include an assessment of
underlying collateral, although, for impaired lending, this will not always involve assessing it on a fair value basis. No
aggregated collateral information for the entire unimpaired secured wholesale lending portfolio is provided to key
management personnel.
Valuation of collateral is updated when the credit risk of a loan deteriorates significantly and the loan is monitored more
closely. No collateral is held for cash and balances with banks, loans and advances to banks and other assets.
Where collateral has been obtained in the event of default, the Corporation does not, as a rule, use such assets for its own
operations and they would be sold on a timely basis. There were no assets held by the Corporation as at June 30, 2024, as
a result of the enforcement of collateral (2023: Nil).
The types of collateral held includes fixed and floating charge on companies’ assets and securities and a charge on the
commodities financed for trade transactions. The Corporation also uses insurance by a counterparty which is more
creditworthy than the original counterparty, as a means of credit enhancement. The Corporation has portfolio insurance
cover over the loans and advances to other customers and investment securities portfolios.
Volume of exposure secured by collateral and other credit enhancements:
2024
2023
Type of credit exposure
%
%
Type of collateral held
Loans and advances to other customers
- Project finance
90
95
charge on securities/company
assets/insurance
- Trade finance
83
80
charge on commodities financed
Debt securities
67
71
charge on company assets/insurance
Investment debt securities
-
-
Portfolio insurance
20
212
f-212

--- Page 459 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Loss allowance
The loss allowance recognised in the period is impacted by a variety of factors, as described below:

Transfers between Stage 1 and Stages 2 or 3 due to financial instruments experiencing significant increases (or
decreases) of credit risk or becoming credit-impaired in the period, and the consequent “step up” (or “step down”)
between 12-month and Lifetime ECL;

Additional allowances for new financial instruments recognised during the period, as well as releases for financial
instruments de-recognised in the period;
Impact on the measurement of ECL due to changes in PDs, EADs and LGDs in the period, arising from regular refreshing
of inputs to models;

Impacts on the measurement of ECL due to changes made to models and assumptions;

Discount unwind within ECL due to the passage of time, as ECL is measured on a present value basis;

Foreign exchange translation for assets denominated in foreign currencies and other movements; and

Financial assets derecognised during the period and write-offs of allowances related to assets that were written
off during the period.
21
213
f-213

--- Page 460 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
The following tables explain the changes in the loss allowance between the beginning and the end of the annual period due
to these factors:
June 30, 2024
Loans and advances to banks
at amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
5,524
-
-
-
5,524
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
(139)
-
-
-
(139)
Balance at 30 June
5,385
-
-
-
5,385
December 31, 2023
Loans and advances to banks
at amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
2,365
-
-
-
2,365
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
3,159
-
-
-
3,159
Balance at 31 December
5,524
-
-
-
5,524
June 30, 2024
Loans and advances to
customers at amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
145,572
21,816
67,889
-
235,277
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
24,540
2,114
-
-
26,654
Balance at 30 June
170,112
23,930
67,889
-
261,931
December 31, 2023
Loans and advances to
customers at amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
93,648
31,548
67,889
-
193,085
Transfer to Stage 1
7,909
(7,909)
-
-
-
Transfer to Stage 3
-
-
-
-
-
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
44,015
(1,823)
-
-
42,192
Balance at 31 December
145,572
21,816
67,889
-
235,277
22
214
f-214

--- Page 461 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
June 30, 2024
Loans and advances to
customers at amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Project finance loans
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
121,312
21,816
67,889
-
211,017
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
13,074
2,115
-
-
15,189
Financial assets that have been
derecognised
-
-
-
-
-
Balance at 30 June
134,386
23,931
67,889
-
226,206
December 31, 2023
Loans and advances to
customers at amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Project finance loans
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
77,834
25,960
67,889
-
171,684
Transfer to Stage 1
2,321
(2,321)
-
-
-
Transfer to Stage 3
-
-
-
-
-
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
41,157
(1,823)
-
-
39,334
Balance at 31 December
121,312
21,816
67,889
-
211,018
June 30, 2024
Loans and advances to
customers at amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Trade finance loans
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
24,259
-
-
-
24,259
Transfer to Stage 1
-
-
-
-
-
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
11,466
-
-
-
11,466
Financial assets that have been
derecognised
-
-
-
-
-
Balance at 30 June
35,725
-
-
-
35,725
December 31, 2023
Loans and advances to
customers at amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Trade finance loans
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
15,814
5,588
-
-
21,401
Transfer to Stage 2
5,588
(5,588)
-
-
-
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
2,858
-
-
-
2,858
Balance at 31 December
24,260
-
-
-
24,259
23
215
f-215

--- Page 462 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
June 30, 2024
Investment securities at
amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
46,824
-
-
-
46,824
Derecognised
-
-
-
-
-
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
4,825
-
-
-
4,825
Balance at 30 June
51,649
-
-
-
51,649
December 31, 2023
Investment securities at
amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
38,898
812
-
-
39,710
Transfer to Stage 1
812
(812)
-
-
-
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
7,114
-
-
-
7,114
Balance at 31 December
46,824
-
-
-
46,824
June 30, 2024
Investment securities at
amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Corporate debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
21,470
-
-
-
21,470
Transfer to Stage 1
-
-
-
-
-
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
2,692
-
-
-
2,692
Balance at 30 June
24,162
-
-
-
24,162
December 31, 2023
Investment securities at
amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Corporate debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
18,598
-
-
-
18,598
Transfer to Stage 1
-
-
-
-
-
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
2,872
-
-
-
2,872
Balance at 31 December
21,470
-
-
-
21,470
24
216
f-216

--- Page 463 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
June 30, 2024
Investment securities at
amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Government debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
25,354
-
-
-
25,354
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
2,133
-
-
-
2,133
Balance at 30 June
27,487
-
-
-
27,487
December 31, 2023
Investment securities at
amortised cost:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Government debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
20,300
812
-
-
21,112
Transfer to Stage 2
-
(812)
-
-
(812)
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
5,054
-
-
-
5,054
Balance at 31 December
25,354
-
-
-
25,354
June 30, 2024
Investment securities at
FVOCI:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Corporate debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
-
-
-
-
-
Financial assets that have been
derecognised
-
-
-
-
-
Balance at 30 June
-
-
-
-
-
December 31, 2023
Investment securities at
FVOCI:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Corporate debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
-
-
-
-
-
Financial assets that have been
derecognised
-
-
-
-
-
Balance at 31 December
-
-
-
-
-
25
217
f-217

--- Page 464 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
June 30, 2024
Pledged assets:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
15,420
-
-
-
15,420
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
(2,586)
-
-
-
(2,586)
Balance at 30 June
12,834
-
-
-
12,834
December 31, 2023
Pledged assets:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
8,447
-
-
-
8,447
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
6,973
-
-
-
6,973
Balance at 31 December
15,420
-
-
-
15,420
June 30, 2024
Pledged assets:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Corporate debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
3,220
-
-
-
3,220
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
(1,394)
-
-
-
(1,394)
Balance at 30 June
1,826
-
-
-
1,826
December 31, 2023
Pledged assets:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Corporate debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
2,018
-
-
-
2,018
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
1,202
-
-
-
1,202
Balance at 31 December
3,220
-
-
-
3,220
26
218
f-218

--- Page 465 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
June 30, 2024
Pledged assets:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Government debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
12,200
-
-
-
12,200
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
(1,192)
-
-
-
(1,192)
Balance at 30 June
11,008
-
-
-
11,008
December 31, 2023
Pledged assets:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
Government debt securities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
6,429
-
-
-
6,429
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
5,771
-
-
-
5,771
Balance at 31 December
12,200
-
-
-
12,200
June 30, 2024
Commitments:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
17,897
-
-
-
17,897
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
(6,814)
-
-
-
(6,814)
Balance at 30 June
11,083
-
-
-
11,083
December 31, 2023
Commitments:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased
credit-
impaired
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Loss allowance as at 1
January
12,486
-
-
-
12,486
Net remeasurement of loss
allowance
5,411
-
-
-
5,411
Balance at 31 December
17,897
-
-
-
17,897
27
219
f-219

--- Page 466 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Credit-impaired financial assets
See accounting policy in note  Credit-impaired loans and advances are graded 10 in the Corporation’s internal credit risk
grading system (see note 3.1.2 above).
The following table sets out a reconciliation of changes in the net carrying amount of credit impaired loans and advances to
customers.
June 30, 2024
Total
December 31,
2023
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
Credit-impaired loans and advances to customers at 1 January
57,467
57,687
Net repayments
-
(220)
Closing balance
57,467
57,467
Modified financial assets
The following table provides information on financial assets that were modified while they had a loss allowance measured at
an amount equal to lifetime ECL.
June 30, 2024
Total
December 31,
2023
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
Financial assets modified during the period
Amortised cost before modification
-
33,760
Net modification gain/(loss)
-
(3,437)
3.1.3
Concentration of risks of financial assets with credit risk exposure
Geographical sectors
The Corporation manages concentration risk using the Exposure Limits Framework (ELF) as part of its credit risk
management policies. The ELF proposes a portfolio diversification strategy for the Corporation in order to avoid excessive
portfolio concentration either in single projects or groups of projects, or in particular sectors that could be simultaneously
affected by similar exogenous events. The ELF defines sector exposure limits, single obligor exposure limits and single
country exposure limits. In line with best practices, the exposure limits are linked to the Corporation’s total investable fund,
that is the shareholders’ funds plus retained earnings plus borrowings with a remaining maturity exceeding one year, and
the pace at which these Board approved limits are consumed is dependent on the Corporation’s risk appetite. The following
table analyses the Corporation’s main credit exposures at their carrying amounts, categorised by geographical region, as at
June 30, 2024. The Corporation has allocated exposures to regions based on the country of domicile of its counterparties.
28
220
f-220

--- Page 467 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
June 30, 2024
West Africa
Rest of Africa
Outside Africa
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Cash and balances with banks:
Balances with banks
4,368
13,141
10,054
27,563
Loans and advances to banks:
- Placements with banks
154,604
-
705,147
859,751
Derivative financial assets
80,615
17,324
68,513
166,452
Loans and advances to other customers:
- Project finance
2,442,766
1,282,909
-
3,725,675
- Trade finance
701,236
328,618
-
1,029,854
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
- Debt securities
125,118
191,738
-
316,856
- Asset under management (debt securities)
-
-
22,228
22,228
Investment securities:
- Corporate debt securities
109,774
294,885
-
404,659
- Government debt securities
1,109,964
259,638
2,004,738
3,374,340
Pledged assets:
- Corporate debt securities
247,743
70,734
-
318,477
- Government debt securities
30,425
100,548
-
130,973
Other assets:
- Account receivable
16,581
-
-
16,581
- Fee receivable
2,500
6,375
-
8,875
5,025,694
2,565,910
2,810,680
10,402,284
Off-balance sheet commitments
1,584,989
775,900
-
2,360,889
December 31, 2023
West Africa
Rest of Africa
Outside Africa
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Cash and balances with banks:
Balances with banks
516
5,317
848
6,681
Loans and advances to banks:
- Placements with banks
273,378
-
1,097,725
1,371,103
Derivative financial assets
155,496
-
107,895
263,391
Loans and advances to other customers:
- Project finance
2,418,046
1,175,065
-
3,593,111
- Trade finance
515,604
174,577
-
690,181
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
- Debt securities
134,802
172,330
-
307,132
- Asset under management (debt securities)
-
-
22,248
22,248
Investment securities:
- Corporate debt securities
112,791
284,424
-
397,215
- Government debt securities
1,209,734
30,994
2,108,399
3,349,127
Pledged assets:
- Corporate debt securities
285,682
50,700
-
336,382
- Government debt securities
30,494
154,163
-
184,657
Other assets:
- Account receivable
14,973
-
-
14,973
- Fee receivable
2,500
6,375
-
8,875
5,154,016
2,053,945
3,337,115
10,545,076
Off-balance sheet commitments
1,560,865
938,039
-
2,498,904
29
221
f-221

--- Page 468 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Credit Concentration by Industry
June 30, 2024
Natural
Resources
Heavy
Industry &
Telecoms
Power
Transport
Financial
Services &
Others
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Cash and balances with banks:
Balances with banks
-
-
-
-
27,563
27,563
Loans and advances to banks:
- Placements with banks
-
-
-
-
859,751
859,751
Derivative financial assets
-
-
-
-
166,452
166,452
Loans and advances to other customers:
- Project finance
762,736
827,871
779,279
817,734
538,055
3,725,675
- Trade finance
33,669
221,489
-
-
774,696
1,029,854
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
- Debt securities
117,333
16,316
26,451
156,756
-
316,856
- Asset under management (debt securities)
-
-
-
-
22,228
22,228
Investment securities:
- Corporate debt securities
-
-
288,089
115,424
1,147
404,660
- Government debt securities
-
-
-
-
3,374,339
3,374,339
Pledged assets:
- Corporate debt securities
-
-
-
-
318,478
318,478
- Government debt securities
-
-
-
-
130,972
130,972
Other assets:
- Account receivable
-
-
-
-
16,581
16,581
- Fee receivable
2,500
-
6,375
-
-
8,875
916,238
1,065,676
1,100,194
1,089,914
6,230,262
10,402,284
Off-balance sheet commitments
59,229
216,794
78,167
4,967
2,001,732
2,360,889
30
222
f-222

--- Page 469 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
December 31, 2023
Natural
Resources
Heavy
Industry &
Telecoms
Power
Transport
Financial
Services &
Others
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Cash and balances with banks:
Balances with banks
-
-
-
-
6,681
6,681
Loans and advances to banks:
- Placements with banks
-
-
-
-
1,371,103
1,371,103
Derivative financial assets
-
-
-
-
263,391
263,391
Loans and advances to other customers:
- Project finance
622,329
762,334
744,262
881,631
582,555
3,593,111
- Trade finance
56,501
52,085
-
-
581,595
690,181
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
- Debt securities
118,786
15,994
11,098
152,732
8,522
307,132
- Asset under management (debt securities)
-
-
-
-
22,248
22,248
Investment securities:
- Corporate debt securities
-
-
281,592
113,746
1,877
397,215
- Government debt securities
-
-
-
-
3,349,127
3,349,127
Pledged assets:
- Corporate debt securities
-
-
-
-
336,382
336,382
- Government debt securities
-
-
-
-
184,657
184,657
Other assets:
- Account receivable
-
-
-
-
14,973
14,973
- Fee receivable
2,500
-
6,375
-
-
8,875
800,116
830,413
1,043,327
1,148,109
6,723,111
10,545,076
Off-balance sheet commitments
75,340
182,664
124,322
27,892
2,088,686
2,498,904
31
223
f-223

--- Page 470 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
3.2
Market Risk
3.2.1 Foreign exchange risk
In the normal course of business, the Corporation is exposed to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency
exchange rates on its financial position and cash flows. The Corporation has exposure to currencies other than the United
States Dollars, its functional currency, which include the Nigerian Naira (NGN), Euros, South African Rand (ZAR), Japanese
Yen (JPY), Swiss Francs (CHF), Egyptian Pounds (EGP) and the Ghanian Cedi (GH¢). These exposures are hedged in
accordance with the Corporation's policy. The highest single currency exposure did not exceed 11% (2023: 12%) of total
assets and 9% (2023: 8%) of total liabilities while in aggregate they amount to 21% (2023: 25%) of financial assets and
11% (2023: 10%) of financial liabilities. The Board sets limits on the level of exposure by currency, which are monitored.
The table below summarizes the Corporation's exposure to foreign exchange rate risk at June 30, 2024. Included in the
table are the Corporation’s financial instruments at carrying amounts, categorised by currency.
Concentrations of currency risk – financial instruments
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
US dollars
Others
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Cash and balances with banks
11,985
15,597
27,582
Loans and advances to banks
796,023
63,728
859,751
Derivative financial assets
148,688
17,764
166,452
Loans and advances to other customers
3,739,256
1,016,273
4,755,529
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
1,614,840
-
1,614,840
Investment securities
2,161,956
1,653,795
3,815,751
Pledged assets
449,450
-
449,450
Other assets
6,619
18,837
25,456
Total financial assets
8,928,817
2,785,994
11,714,811
Liabilities
Borrowings
7,092,866
924,573
8,017,439
Derivative financial liabilities
67,685
8,597
76,282
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
165,766
31,921
197,687
Total financial liabilities
7,326,317
965,091
8,291,408
Net financial position
1,602,500
1,820,903
3,423,403
Off-balance sheet commitments
724,988
1,635,901
2,360,889
The following analysis shows the Corporation’s sensitivity to increases or decreases in exchange rates. The analysis
assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant. The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in
the exchange rates arises mainly from monetary financial instruments and investments in equity securities carried at fair
value through profit or loss and the impact on other components of equity arises from investments classified as fair value
through OCI.
Impact
Total
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
US$ '000
US$ '000
Impact on Profit or loss
Sensitivity at 200bp depreciation
49,590
49,590
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation
(95,655)
(95,655)
Impact on Equity
Sensitivity at 200bp depreciation
259
259
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation
(488)
(488)
32
224
f-224

--- Page 471 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
December 31, 2023
Audited
US dollars
Others
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Cash and balances with banks
6,612
99
6,711
Loans and advances to banks
1,063,326
307,777
1,371,103
Derivative financial assets
254,083
9,308
263,391
Loans and advances to other customers
3,216,928
1,066,364
4,283,292
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
1,601,402
-
1,601,402
Investment securities
2,228,159
1,555,163
3,783,322
Pledged assets
521,039
-
521,039
Other assets
6,720
17,128
23,848
Total financial assets
8,898,269
2,955,839
11,854,108
Liabilities
Borrowings
7,446,298
878,185
8,324,483
Derivative financial liabilities
112,376
16,538
128,914
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
155,754
32,822
188,576
Total financial liabilities
7,714,428
927,545
8,641,973
Net financial position
1,183,841
2,028,294
3,212,135
Off-balance sheet commitments
731,538
1,767,366
2,498,904
The following analysis shows the Corporation’s sensitivity to increases or decreases in exchange rates.
Others
Total
December 31, 2023
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
Impact on Profit or loss
Sensitivity at 200bp depreciation
22,954
22,954
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation
(98,720)
(98,720)
Impact on Equity
Sensitivity at 200bp depreciation
636
636
Sensitivity at 400bp appreciation
(1,198)
(1,198)
Currency exposures emanating from the investment portfolio are hedged in line with the Corporation’s policy. As at June 30,
2024, the net open FX position was US$ 80.8 million (2023: US$ 26.1 million) representing 2.2% (2023: 0.8%) of
shareholders’ funds as of that date.
3.2.2 Interest rate risk
Interest rate benchmark reform
The Corporation is exposed to the USD LIBOR and JPY LIBOR (collectively ‘IBORs’) which are referenced in derivatives
and nonderivative financial assets and liabilities with various counterparties. The alternative reference rate of the USD
LIBOR is the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) while the alternative reference rate for the JPY LIBOR is the Tokyo
Overnight Average Rate (TONAR).
Progress on the transition to alternative benchmark interest rates
a.
Non-derivative financial assets
The Corporation completed its transition to alternative benchmark rates. The Corporation's remaining IBOR exposures as at
30 June 2024 have appropriate fallback clauses. These clauses automatically switch the instrument from USD LIBOR to the
Secured Overnight financing rate as and when USD LIBOR ceases. As announced by the Financial Conduct Authority, the
one-,three - and six month synthetic USD LIBOR settings will cease on 30 September 2024. 
33
225
f-225

--- Page 472 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
b.
Non-derivative financial liabilities
The Corporation has no unreformed non-derivative financial liabilities as at 30 June 2024.
Cashflow Interest rate risk
The table below summarises the Corporation’s exposure to interest rate risks. It includes the Corporation’s financial
instruments at carrying amounts, categorised by the earlier of contractual repricing or maturity dates.
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
Repricing dates
Up to 3
months
Above 3
months
Non-Interest
Bearing
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Cash and balances with banks
-
-
27,582
27,582
Loans and advances to banks
687,603
98,866
73,282
859,751
Derivative financial instruments
-
-
166,452
166,452
Loans and advances to customers
1,725,304
3,030,225
-
4,755,529
Financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss
11,936
217,148
1,385,756
1,614,840
Investment securities
2,912,349
866,650
36,752
3,815,751
Pledged assets
-
449,450
-
449,450
Other assets
-
-
25,456
25,456
Total financial assets
5,337,192
4,662,339
1,715,280
11,714,811
Liabilities
Borrowings
3,735,363
4,282,076
-
8,017,439
Derivative financial instruments
-
-
76,282
76,282
Other liabilities
-
-
197,687
197,687
Total financial liabilities
3,735,363
4,282,076
273,969
8,291,408
Total interest repricing gap
1,601,829
380,263
1,441,311
3,423,403
34
226
f-226

--- Page 473 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
December 31, 2023
Audited
Repricing dates
Up to 3
months
Above 3
months
Non-Interest
Bearing
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Cash and balances with banks
-
-
6,711
6,711
Loans and advances to banks
1,142,191
164,938
63,974
1,371,103
Derivative financial instruments
-
-
263,391
263,391
Loans and advances to customers
1,567,451
2,715,841
-
4,283,292
Financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss
1,770
230,620
1,369,012
1,601,402
Investment securities
3,391,890
354,452
36,980
3,783,322
Pledged assets
-
521,039
-
521,039
Other assets
-
-
23,848
23,848
Total financial assets
6,103,302
3,986,890
1,763,916
11,854,108
Liabilities
Borrowings
4,251,580
4,072,903
-
8,324,483
Derivative financial instruments
-
-
128,914
128,914
Other liabilities
-
-
188,576
188,576
Total financial liabilities
4,251,580
4,072,903
317,490
8,641,973
Total interest repricing gap
1,851,722
(86,013)
1,446,426
3,212,135
Interest rate sensitivities
The management of interest rate risk against interest rate gap limits is supplemented by the sensitivity of the Corporation’s
financial assets and liabilities to various standard interest rate scenarios. The table below shows an analysis of the
sensitivity of the Corporation’s Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income to an increase or decrease in market
interest rates, assuming no asymmetrical movement in yield curves and a constant balance sheet position. However, for the
purpose of sensitivity analysis, we have used a conservative assumption of 50 basis point (bp) parallel fall or rise in interest
rates of the financial assets and liabilities.
50 bp parallel
increase
50 bp parallel
decrease
Sensitivity of reported profit or loss for the period
2023
(5,652)
5,652
2024
(8,746)
8,746
There were no interest-bearing financial asset measured at FVOCI during the period (2023: Nil).
3.3
Liquidity Risk
The Corporation holds a diversified portfolio of cash and High-Quality Liquid Assets (“HQLA”) to support financial
obligations and contingent funding in a stressed market environment. HQLA generally include cash, inter-bank placements
and certain marketable securities backed by sovereigns and central banks. These assets are typically of the highest quality
and the most liquid, and there is no limit on the extent to which these assets are held to meet the Liquidity Coverage Ratio
(“LCR”) . Other HQLA assets include government securities and corporate debt securities. The assets held for managing
liquidity risk are comprise:
35
227
f-227

--- Page 474 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
December 31, 2023
Audited
Carrying
Amount
Fair Value
Carrying
Amount
Fair Value
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Cash and balances with banks
27,582
27,582
6,711
6,711
Loans and advances to banks
865,136
865,136
1,376,627
1,376,627
Investment securities
1,998,386
1,998,340
2,108,533
2,108,518
Total liquidity reserves
2,891,104
2,891,058
3,491,871
3,491,856
Monitoring and reporting take the form of daily cash flow measurement and projections. The starting point for those
projections is an analysis of the contractual maturity of the financial liabilities and the expected collection date of the
financial assets.
The Corporation has a Liquidity Policy and Contingency Funding Plan that defines extensively how liquidity risk would be
managed within the Corporation. The policy requires that the Corporations keeps High Quality Liquid Assets (“HQLA”) to
cover its Minimum liquidity Level (“MLL”) at twelve and eighteen months under ‘stress’ and business as usual (“BAU”)
conditions respectively. MLL, or the purpose of the Corporation, is defined as the level of liquidity that is available to meet
the Corporation’s financial obligations repayment of borrowing - principal plus interest accruals, operating expenses and
other non-cancellable debt and equity commitments). Similar to the provisions of Basel III Capital Accord on Liquidity, the
Corporation has defined its Liquidity Coverage ratio (“LCR”) as its stock of HQLA as a proportion of its MLL, as defined
above. Under both stress and BAU conditions, the LCR is required to be greater than 100%.
As at June 30, 2024, the LCR was under stress scenario 122% (December 31, 2023: 143%) and under normal
circumstances 139% (December 31, 2023: 161%).
36
228
f-228

--- Page 475 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Financial assets available to support future funding
The following table sets out the availability of the Corporation’s financial assets (excluding equity securities and derivative
assets) to support future funding.
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
Encumbered
Unencum-
bered
Total
Note
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Cash and balances with banks
15
-
27,582
27,582
Loans and advances to banks
16
-
859,751
859,751
Loans and advances to other customers
18
-
4,755,529
4,755,529
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
-
339,084
339,084
Investment securities
-
3,778,999
3,778,999
Pledged assets
21
449,450
-
449,450
Other assets
22
-
25,456
25,456
Total assets
449,450
9,786,401
10,235,851
December 31, 2023
Audited
Encumbered
Unencum-
bered
Total
Note
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Cash and balances with banks
15
-
6,711
6,711
Loans and advances to banks
16
-
1,371,103
1,371,103
Loans and advances to other customers
18
-
4,283,292
4,283,292
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
-
329,380
329,380
Investment securities
-
3,746,342
3,746,342
Pledged assets
21
521,039
-
521,039
Other assets
22
-
23,848
23,848
Total assets
521,039
9,760,676
10,281,715
37
229
f-229

--- Page 476 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
3.4
Capital Management & Governance structure
The Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility for policy formulation, strategy and decision making, with specific
authority delegated to three subsidiary committees and Executive Management for day-to-day operations. Below represent
the reporting structures of the various Board committees within the Corporation.
In carrying out its oversight functions, EXCO through various committees manages the day to day operations of the
Corporation. Below is a chart of the various sub committees of EXCO and their mandates.
The Corporation’s objectives when managing capital, which is a broader concept than the ‘equity’ on the face of the
statement of financial position are:

to comply with the capital requirements set by the Board of Directors of the Corporation;

to safeguard the Corporation’s ability to continue as a going concern so that it can continue to provide returns for
shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders; and

to maintain a strong capital base to support the development of its business.
Capital adequacy is monitored regularly by the Corporation’s management, employing techniques derived from the
guidelines developed by the Basel Committee. The Corporation’s Capital Adequacy Framework requires the business to
maintain a ratio of total risk capital to the risk-weighted asset (the Basel ratio) at a minimum of 30%. To allow for a proactive
management of any issue with its capital position, the Corporation has further defined an internal trigger at 40% that would
necessitate the activation of a remedial action.
38
230
f-230

--- Page 477 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
At the end of the period, the capital adequacy ratio stood at 34.7% (2023: 34.5%) and 32.5% (2023: 32.3%) excluding the
Tier II capital borrowings. The Corporation’s capital currently comprises of Tier 1- 97% (2023: 91%) and Tier 2 - 3% (2023:
9%) capital as shown below:
Tier 1: Comprises of share capital, share warrants and retained earnings created by appropriations of retained earnings.
Tier 2: Comprises of unrealised gains arising from the fair valuation of equity instruments held at fair value through other
comprehensive income, collective impairment allowance made on debt instruments and borrowings which meet the criteria
for inclusion as tier 2 capital under Basel requirements.
The risk weighted assets are measured by means of a hierarchy of risk weights classified according to the nature of (and
reflecting an estimate of credit, market and other risks associated with) each asset and counterparty, taking into account
any eligible collateral or guarantees. A similar treatment is adopted for off-balance sheet exposures, with some adjustments
to reflect the more contingent nature of the potential losses.
The table below summarises the composition of capital and the ratios of the Corporation for the period ended June 30,
2024. The Corporation has no externally imposed capital requirements, but complied with its own internal capital adequacy
requirements described above, during the period under review.
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
December 31,
2023
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
Tier 1 capital
Share capital
1,551,716
1,537,719
Share premium
438,556
423,675
Share warrants
200,000
200,000
Retained earnings
1,453,591
1,286,318
Total qualifying Tier 1 capital
3,643,863
3,447,712
Tier 2 capital
Net fair valuation loss on FVOCI assets
(27,247)
(27,020)
Impairment allowance
144,473
137,850
Borrowings
250,000
250,000
Total qualifying capital
4,011,089
3,808,542
Risk-weighted assets:
On-balance sheet
10,526,164
9,669,734
Off-balance sheet
1,034,648
1,358,287
Total risk-weighted assets
11,560,812
11,028,021
Basel ratio
%
34.7
%
34.5
39
The Corporation raised additional ordinary share capital of US$28.9 million during the period from new shareholders. 
As part of the long-term process to continually strengthen our capital base, callable capital was introduced into the 
capital structure of the Corporation. At June 30, 2024, the outstanding callable capital amounted to US$43 million (2023:
 US$39 million). The callable capital was credit enhanced using insurance cover from investment grade rated insurance 
companies.
231
f-231

--- Page 478 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
3.5
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities that are traded in active markets are based on quoted market
prices or dealer price quotations. For all other financial instruments, the Corporation determines fair values using other
valuation techniques. For financial instruments that trade infrequently and have little price transparency, fair value is less
objective, and requires varying degrees of judgement depending on liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of market factors,
pricing assumptions and other risks affecting the specific instrument.
Current period valuation and sensitivity methodologies are consistent with those described within note 3.5, fair value of
financial instruments in the Corporation’s 2023 annual report.
(a)
Valuation models
The Corporation measures fair values using the following fair value hierarchy, which reflects the significance of the inputs
used in making the measurements.

Level 1: inputs that are quoted market prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical instruments.

Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable either directly (i.e. as prices)
or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). This category includes instruments valued using: quoted market prices in
active markets for similar instruments; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are
considered less than active; or other valuation techniques in which all significant inputs are directly or indirectly
observable from market data.

Level 3: inputs that are unobservable. This category includes all instruments for which the valuation technique
includes inputs not based on observable data and the unobservable inputs have a significant effect on the
instrument’s valuation. This category includes instruments that are valued based on quoted prices for similar
instruments for which significant unobservable adjustments or assumptions are required to reflect differences
between the instruments.
Valuation techniques include net present value and discounted cash flow models, comparison with similar instruments for
which market observable prices exist, Black-Scholes and polynomial option pricing models and other valuation models.
Assumptions and inputs used in valuation techniques include risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit spreads and
other premia used in estimating discount rates, bond and equity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, equity and equity
index prices and expected price volatilities and correlations.
The objective of valuation techniques is to arrive at a fair value measurement that reflects the price that would be received
to sell the asset or paid to transfer the liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date.
The Corporation uses widely recognised valuation models for determining the fair value of common and plain vanilla
financial instruments, such as interest rate and currency swaps that use only observable market data and require little
management judgement and estimation. Observable prices or model inputs are usually available in the market for listed
debt and equity securities, exchange-traded derivatives and simple over-the-counter derivatives such as interest rate
swaps. Availability of observable market prices and model inputs reduces the need for management judgement and
estimation and also reduces the uncertainty associated with determining fair values. Availability of observable market prices
and inputs varies depending on the products and markets and is prone to changes based on specific events and general
conditions in the financial markets.
For more complex financial instruments, the Corporation uses proprietary valuation models, which are usually developed
from recognised valuation models. Some or all of the significant inputs into these models may not be observable in the
market, and are derived from market prices or rates or are estimated based on assumptions. Examples of instruments
involving significant unobservable inputs include unquoted equity securities for which there is no active market. Valuation
models that employ significant unobservable inputs require a higher degree of management judgement and estimation in
the determination of fair value. Management judgement and estimation are usually required for selection of the appropriate
valuation model to be used, determination of expected future cash flows on the financial instrument being valued,
determination of the probability of counterparty default and prepayments and selection of appropriate discount rates.
Fair value estimates obtained from models are adjusted for any other factors, such as liquidity risk or model uncertainties,
to the extent that the Corporation believes that a third-party market participant would take them into account in pricing a
transaction. Fair values reflect the credit risk of the instrument and include adjustments to take account of the credit risk of
the counterparty where appropriate.
40
232
f-232

--- Page 479 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
(b)
Valuation framework
The Corporation has an established control framework with respect to the measurement of fair values. This framework
includes a Product Control function, which is independent of front office management and reports to the Chief Financial
Officer, and which has overall responsibility for independently verifying the results of investment operations and all fair value
measurements. Specific controls in the Corporation’s valuation control framework include:

an established procedure for the verification of observable market prices;

an established procedure for the independent re-performance and validation of model-based valuations; 

a review and approval process for new models and changes to models analysis and investigation of significant
daily valuation movements; and

review of unobservable inputs, valuation adjustments and changes to the fair value measurement of Level 3
instruments compared with the previous period, by the valuation committee (a committee which includes the
Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Risk Officer)
Level 2 and 3 categories, fair valuation adjustments are approved by the Board of Directors through two of its subsidiary
committees: Audit and Compliance Committee and Risk and Investment Committee.
The following table analyses financial instruments measured at fair value as at June 30, 2024, by the level in the fair value
hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised. The amounts are based on the values recognised in the
statement of financial position.
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Derivatives assets
- Forward contracts
-
12,281
-
- Cross currency swaps
-
136,387
-
- Interest rate options
-
5,246
-
- Interest rate swaps
-
12,538
-
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
- Assets under management (debt securities)
22,228
-
-
- Debt securities
-
-
316,856
- Equity securities
3,785
-
1,271,971
Investment securities:
- Equity securities (FVOCI)
18,999
-
17,753
Total
45,012
166,452
1,606,580
Liabilities
Derivatives liabilities
- Forward contracts
-
4,480
-
- Interest rate options
-
5,246
-
- Cross currency swaps
-
59,434
-
- Interest rate swaps
-
7,122
-
Total
-
76,282
-
41
233
f-233

--- Page 480 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
December 31, 2023
Audited
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Derivatives assets
- Forward contracts
-
10
-
- Cross currency swaps
-
251,705
-
- Interest rate options
-
2,858
-
- Interest rate swaps
-
8,818
-
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
- Assets under management (debt securities)
22,248
-
-
- Debt securities
8,525
-
298,607
- Equity securities
17,516
-
1,254,506
Investment securities:
- Equity securities (FVOCI)
19,226
-
17,754
Total
67,515
263,391
1,570,867
Liabilities
Derivatives liabilities
- Forward contracts
-
14,007
-
- Interest rate options
-
2,858
-
- Cross currency swaps
-
106,797
-
- Interest rate swaps
-
5,252
-
Total
-
128,914
-
The Corporation’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as at the end of the
reporting period. There were no transfers between levels 1 and 2 for recurring fair value measurements during the period.
Level 2 fair value measurements
The foreign exchange forward contracts and interest rate swaps were valued using widely recognised valuation models that
use only observable market data and require little management judgement and estimation. The option contracts were
valued using the Black Scholes option pricing model. Assumptions and inputs used include risk-free and benchmark
interest rates, credit spreads and other premia used in estimating discount rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and
expected price volatilities and correlations.
The hybrid instruments were valued using the binomial tree model. The zero rate curve used in the model was obtained
from an observable financial market (2023: the zero rate curve used in the model was obtained from an observable financial
market was used to value the hybrid instruments).
42
234
f-234

--- Page 481 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Level 3 fair value measurements
The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurements
in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
Reconciliation of Level 3 items
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
December 31,
2023
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
As at 1 January
1,570,867
1,623,264
Unrealised (losses)/gains:
- in OCI
-
(2,016)
- in profit of loss
20,594
50,703
Repayment/disposal
(2,291)
(21,759)
Additions
17,410
189,943
Derecognised
-
(269,268)
Closing balance
1,606,580
1,570,867
Transfer to level 3
There were no transfers to level 3 during the period (2023: Nil).
Unobservable inputs used in measuring fair value
The table below sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used as at June 30, 2024 in measuring financial
instruments categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
Type of financial
instrument
Fair value
June 30,
2024
Valuation
technique
Significant
unobserva-
ble input
Range of
estimates for
unobservable
input
Fair value measurement sensitivity to
unobservable inputs
US$ '000
Unquoted equity
securities
1,289,724
Discounted
cashflow
WACC
11.2% - 18.2% Significant increases in the cost of
equity, in isolation, would result in lower
fair values. Significant reduction would
result in higher fair values
Debt securities
316,856
Option
Pricing
Model
Credit Spread 2.74% - 6.42% Significant increases in credit spread, in
isolation, would result in lower fair
values. Significant reduction would result
in higher fair values
Total
1,606,580
43
235
f-235

--- Page 482 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
December 31, 2023
Audited
Type of financial
instrument
Fair value
December
31, 2023
Valuation
technique
Significant
unobserva-
ble input
Range of
estimates for
unobservable
input
Fair value measurement sensitivity to
unobservable inputs
US$ '000
Unquoted equity
securities
1,272,260
Discounted
cashflow
WACC
10.6% - 17.9% Significant increases in the cost of
equity, in isolation, would result in lower
fair values. Significant reduction would
result in higher fair values
Terminal
growth rate
2.7% - 6.1%
Significant increases in terminal growth
rate, in isolation, would result in higher
fair values. Significant reduction would
result in lower fair values
Debt securities
298,607
Option
Pricing
Model
Credit Spread
1.81% - 3.5%
Significant increases in credit spread, in
isolation, would result in lower fair
values. Significant reduction would result
in higher fair values
Total
1,570,867
The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs for assets and liabilities recognised at fair value and classified
as level 3 are consistent with note 3.5, fair value of financial instruments in the Corporation’s 2023 annual report.
Significant unobservable inputs in the discounted cash flow technique applied are developed as follows:
(i) The Corporation applied the Capital Asset Pricing Model to determine the cost of equities for its various unquoted
equities which were fair valued as at 30 June 2024.
(ii) 'The risk-free rate was sourced from Bloomberg and determined using the yield on the US Government bond and
Germany Government bond (for Euro-denominated assets) of the appropriate tenor and this was adjusted for country risk
premium (for unquoted securities denominated in US Dollars and Euros). 
(iii) Equity risk premium was determined based on data obtained from Damodaran Online and expert judgment.
(iv) Beta estimates were obtained from Damodaran Online and illiquidity and minority discounts applied in line with valuation
best practices.
The effect of unobservable inputs on fair value measurement
The Corporation believes that its estimates of fair values are appropriate. However, the use of different methodologies or
assumptions could lead to different measurements of fair value. For fair value measurements in Level 3, changing the cost
of equity or terminal growth rate by a reasonable possible value, in isolation, would have the following effects on Other
Comprehensive Income and profit or loss for the period as follows:
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
US$ '000
Other
Comprehensive Income
Profit or loss
1%
1%
1%
1%
Key Assumption
Increase
Decrease
Increase
Decrease
WACC
-
-
(53,445)
19,803
44
236
f-236

--- Page 483 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
December 31, 2023
Reviewed
US$ '000
Other
Comprehensive Income
Profit or loss
1%
1%
1%
1%
Key Assumption
Increase
Decrease
Increase
Decrease
WACC
(1,006)
1,076
(145,424)
118,080
Terminal growth rate
-
-
35,204
(38,301)
For the Corporation’s hybrid instruments, the following highlights the sensitivity of the fair value of these instruments to key
input factors as at reporting date:
Effect on Profit or Loss (US$ '000)
Key Assumption
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
December 31,
2023
Audited
2% increase in Credit Spread
(12,966)
(14,122)
2% decrease in Credit Spread
14,566
13,601
2% increase in Forward Price
30
(22)
2% decrease in Forward Price
(30)
48
45
237
f-237

--- Page 484 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
Derivative credit (CVA) and debit valuation adjustments (DVA)
The effect of CVA/DVA adjustments is insignificant on the Corporation’s portfolio.
Financial instruments not measured at fair value
Due to the short-term nature of certain financial assets and financial liabilities, the fair values are not significantly different
from their carrying amounts. These financial assets and liabilities are as follows:
i.   Cash and bank balances: The carrying amount of cash and bank balances is a reasonable approximation of the fair
value. Cash and bank balances are disclosed in note 15.
ii.  Loans and advances to bank: Loans to banks are short-term money market placements, therefore the fair values are not
significantly different from the carrying amount.
iii. Treasury bills are short-term securities, therefore the fair values are not significantly different from the carrying amount.
iv. Other assets and other liabilities: The carrying amounts of other assets and other liabilities are considered to be the
same as their fair values due to their short-term nature.
The following table sets out the fair values of financial instruments not measured at fair value and analyses them by the
level in the fair value hierarchy into which each fair value measurement is categorised.
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total fair
values
Total carrying
values
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Loans and advances to
other customers:
- Project finance
-
-
3,725,675
3,725,675
3,725,675
- Trade finance
-
-
1,029,854
1,029,854
1,029,854
Investment securities:
- Corporate debt
securities
5,365
-
395,338
400,703
404,660
- Government debt
securities
3,731,392
-
-
3,731,392
3,374,339
Pledged assets:
- Corporate debt
securities
278,283
-
-
278,283
318,479
- Government debt
securities
232,617
-
-
232,617
130,971
Other assets
- Account receivable
16,581
-
-
-
16,581
- Fee receivable
8,875
-
-
-
8,875
Total
4,273,113
-
5,150,867
9,398,524
9,009,434
Liabilities
Borrowings
3,292,317
4,809,814
-
8,102,131
8,017,439
Other liabilities
163,777
-
-
163,777
197,687
Total
3,456,094
4,809,814
-
8,265,908
8,215,126
46
238
f-238

--- Page 485 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
December 31, 2023
Audited
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total fair
values
Total carrying
values
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Assets
Loans and advances to
other customers:
- Project finance
-
-
3,593,111
3,593,111
3,593,111
- Trade finance
-
-
690,181
690,181
690,181
Investment securities:
- Corporate debt
securities
5,365
-
395,338
400,703
397,215
- Government debt
securities
3,731,392
-
-
3,731,392
3,349,127
Pledged assets:
- Corporate debt
securities
278,283
-
-
278,283
336,383
- Government debt
securities
232,617
-
-
232,617
184,656
Other assets
- Account receivable
14,973
-
-
-
14,973
- Fee receivable
8,875
-
-
-
8,875
- Advance for
investments
-
-
-
-
-
Total
4,271,505
-
4,678,630
8,926,287
8,574,521
Liabilities
Borrowings
3,292,317
4,809,814
-
8,102,131
8,324,483
Other liabilities
141,851
-
-
141,851
141,851
Total
3,434,168
4,809,814
-
8,243,982
8,466,334
Where available, the fair value of investment securities (corporate and government debt securities), loans and advances
are based on observable market transactions. Where observable market transactions are not available, fair value is
estimated using valuation models, such as discounted cash flow techniques.
The fair value of borrowing from counterparty is estimated using discounted cash flow techniques, applying the rates that
are offered for deposits of similar maturities and terms.
47
239
f-239

--- Page 486 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
3.6
Financial instruments by category
The following table provides a reconciliation between line items in the statement of financial position and categories of
financial instruments.
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
Assets as per Statement of Financial Position
Mandatorily
FVTPL
Designated
at FVTPL
FVOCI - Debt
Instruments
FVOCI -
Equity
Instruments
Amortised
cost
Carrying
Amount
Assets
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Cash and balances with banks
-
-
-
-
27,582
27,582
Loans and advances to banks:
- Placements with banks
-
-
-
-
859,751
859,751
Derivatives 
166,452
-
-
-
-
166,452
Loan 
and 
advances 
to 
other
Customers:
- Project finance
-
-
-
-
3,725,675
3,725,675
- Trade finance
-
-
-
-
1,029,854
1,029,854
Financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss:
- Debt securities
-
316,856
-
-
-
316,856
- Equity securities
-
1,275,756
-
-
-
1,275,756
- Assets under management
-
22,228
-
-
-
22,228
Investment securities:
- Debt securities
-
-
-
-
3,778,999
3,778,999
- Equity securities
-
-
-
36,752
-
36,752
Pledged assets:
- Debt securities
-
-
-
-
449,450
449,450
Other assets:
- Account receivable
-
-
-
-
16,581
16,581
- Fee receivable
-
-
-
-
8,875
8,875
Total financial assets
166,452
1,614,840
-
36,752
9,896,767
11,714,811
Mandatorily
FVTPL
Designated
at FVTPL
Amortised
cost
Carrying
Amount
Liabilities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Other liabilities
-
-
163,778
163,778
Derivatives 
76,282
-
-
76,282
Borrowings
-
-
8,017,439
8,017,439
Total financial liabilities
76,282
-
8,181,217
8,257,499
48
240
f-240

--- Page 487 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
3.
Financial risk management (continued)
December 31, 2023
Audited
Mandatorily
FVTPL
Designated
at FVTPL
FVOCI - Debt
Instruments
FVOCI -
Equity
Instruments
Amortised
cost
Carrying
Amount
Assets
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Cash and balances with banks
-
-
-
-
6,711
6,711
Loans and advances to banks:
- Placements with banks
-
-
-
-
1,371,103
1,371,103
Derivatives 
263,391
-
-
-
-
263,391
Loan 
and 
advances 
to 
other
Customers:
- Project finance
-
-
-
-
3,593,111
3,593,111
- Trade finance
-
-
-
-
690,181
690,181
Financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss:
- Debt securities
-
307,132
-
-
-
307,132
- Equity securities
-
1,272,022
-
-
-
1,272,022
- Assets under management
-
22,248
-
-
-
22,248
Investment securities:
- Debt securities
-
-
-
-
3,746,342
3,746,342
- Equity securities
-
-
-
36,980
-
36,980
Pledged assets:
- Debt securities
-
-
-
-
521,039
521,039
Other assets
- Account receivable
-
-
-
-
14,973
14,973
- Fee receivable
-
-
-
-
8,875
8,875
Total financial assets
263,391
1,601,402
-
36,980
9,952,335
11,854,108
Mandatorily
FVTPL
Designated
at FVTPL
Amortised
cost
Carrying
Amount
Liabilities
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Other liabilities
-
-
141,851
141,851
Derivatives 
128,914
-
-
128,914
Borrowings
-
-
8,324,483
8,324,483
Total financial liabilities
128,914
-
8,466,334
8,595,248
49
241
f-241

--- Page 488 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
4.
Critical accounting estimates and judgements in applying accounting policies
The Corporation’s condensed consolidated interim financial statements and its financial result are influenced by accounting
policies, assumptions, estimates and management judgement, which necessarily have to be made in the course of
preparation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements.
The Corporation makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as at the end
of the period. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
1.
Assumption and estimation uncertainties
Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment
in the period ended June 30, 2024 is set out in note 3.5 (fair value of financial assets and liabilities) in relation to the fair
value of financial instruments, and in the following notes in relation to other areas.
(a).
Impairment losses on loans and advances
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost is an area that
requires the use of complex models and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour
(e.g. the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses). Explanation of the inputs, assumptions and estimation
techniques used in measuring ECL which also sets out key sensitivities of the ECL to changes in these elements.
(b).
Fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments where no active market exists or where quoted prices are not otherwise available are
determined by using valuation techniques. In these cases, the fair values are estimated from observable data in respect of
similar financial instruments or using models. Where market observable inputs are not available, they are estimated based
on appropriate assumptions. Where valuation techniques are used to determine fair values, they are validated and
periodically reviewed by qualified personnel independent of those that sourced them. All models are certified before they
are used, and models are calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect actual data and comparative market prices. To a
practicable extent, models use only observable data; however, areas such as credit risk, volatilities and correlations require
management to make estimates.
Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments.
(c).
Exemption under IAS 28 – Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures
Equity investments that result in the Corporation having a significant influence, but not control, over the financial and
operating policies of investee companies are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value through profit or loss
rather than accounted for as associates using the equity method of accounting.
This treatment is permitted by IAS 28 Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures, which permits investments held by
venture capital organizations and similar financial institutions to be excluded from its scope where those investments are
designated, upon initial recognition, as at fair value through profit or loss and accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9, with
changes in fair value recognised in the income statement in the period of the change. The Corporation’s operational
activities typically entail provision of equity finance to unquoted companies and taking an active role in helping to build and
develop such companies by having a representation on the Board of the investee companies. The equity business of the
Corporation is managed and appraised with the objective of earning capital return on its venture capital investments upon
exit in the medium term. The Corporation is also a member of the Africa Private Equity & Venture Capital Association
(AVCA).
(d).
Measurement of defined benefit obligation
The measurement of the Corporation's defined benefit obligation involves the use of key actuarial assumptions that include
the discount rate, rate of future salary growth and inflation rates. Changes to these assumptions will impact the carrying
value of pension obligations.
50
242
f-242

--- Page 489 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
4.
Critical accounting estimates and judgements in applying accounting policies (continued)
2.
Judgements
Information about judgements made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effects on the amounts
recognised in the condensed consolidated interim financial statements are set out below.
(a).
Measurement of ECL
A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring ECL, such as:

Determining criteria for significant increase in credit risk;

Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL;

Establishing the number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios for each sector and the associated
ECL;

Establishing groups of similar financial assets for the purposes of measuring ECL; and

Assumptions used in estimating recoverable cashflows.
In measuring credit risk of loans and advances to various counterparties, the Corporation considers the character and
capacity of the obligor, the probability that an obligor or counterparty will default over a given period (probability of default –
PD), the portion of the loan expected to be irrecoverable at the time of loan default (loss given default – LGD) and carrying
amount of the loan that is outstanding as at reporting date (exposure at default – EAD). The table below shows the
sensitivities of the impairment loss provision for 1% increase or decrease in the LGD and PD, across the Corporation’s risk
asset portfolio.
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
December 31, 2023
Audited
Probability of
Default
Loss given
Default
Probability of
Default
Loss given
Default
Increase/(decrease)
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Effect of a 1% increase:
2,838
3,429
2,668
3,209
Effect of a 1% decrease:
(2,838)
(3,429)
(2,668)
(3,209)
(b).
Classification of financial assets
Information about assessment of the business model within which the assets are held and assessment of whether the
contractual terms of the financial asset are Solely Payments of Principal and Interests (SPPI) on the principal amount
outstanding are set out in note 2.4, financial assets and liabities in the Coporation's 2023 annual report.  .
(c).
Consolidation: whether the Corporation has control over an investee
The Corporation has exercised judgement in determining whether it has control over investee entities where the
Corporation holds over 50% of the issued ordinary equity of the investee.
Arise Integrated Industrial Platforms (Arise IIP)
Although the Corporation holds 72.13% of the issued ordinary equity in Arise IIP, management has determined that the
Corporation does not have control over the entity. The interest in Arise IIP increased, due to the conversion to ordinary
equity of a convertible loan extended to the entity. The entity has three (3) investors, including two (2) shareholders, but
based on the terms of the investment agreements, the Corporation holds 37.5% of the voting rights in the entity. Therefore,
the entity has been carried at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) in accordance with the requirements of IAS 28.
Djibouti Wind Company Limited
Djibouti Wind Company Limited ("DWCL") is the general partner of the Djibouti Wind Limited Partnership ("DWLP"), a
special purpose vehicle set up by the limited partners to hold a 90% interest in Red Sea Power Limited SAS. The
Corporation has 56.67% interest in DWCL and DWLP. The partners have similar interests in DWCL and DWLP.
Management has determined that the Corporation does not control DWCL because under the terms of agreements
establishing the entity, the Corporation has 33.3% of the voting rights in the entity. Therefore, the entity has been carried at
fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) in accordance with the requirements of IAS 28.
51
243
f-243

--- Page 490 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
4.
Critical accounting estimates and judgements in applying accounting policies (continued)
Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A
Although, the Corporation holds a 51% interest in the ordinary equity of the Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A, management has
determined that the Corporation does not control the entity. The entity has three (3) shareholders but based on the terms of
agreements under which the entity was established, the Corporation’s has voting rights of 50%. The Corporation is
represented by three (3) directors on the board of the entity while the other shareholders are also represented by three (3)
directors, giving a board with six (6) directors. Board decisions are based on a majority of votes. Therefore, management
has concluded that the Corporation has significant influence over entity. The investment has been carried at fair value
through profit or loss (FVTPL) in accordance with the requirements of IAS 28.
Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott (“TCN”)
In 2023, the Corporation increased its interest in Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott (“TCN”) to 50%, from 10.5%. The
entity has two (2) shareholders and based on the terms of agreements under which the entity was established, each
shareholder has equal voting rights. This implies that both shareholders have substantive rights in the entity.  Management
has determined that the Corporation does not control TCN. Therefore, the entity has been carried at fair value through profit
or loss (FVTPL) in accordance with the requirements of IAS 28.
5.
Reporting Segments
The Corporation evaluates the performance of its operating units primarily based on unit operating profit, as defined below:
1)
Investment Division
The Corporation's Investment division is responsible for the end-to-end project development, origination, structuring and
execution of investments. This division is further divided into groups based on sector classifications, with each group
responsible for customer relationship management and investments within its sector. The Investment division also works
closely with Risk Management to perform portfolio management functions for the Corporation's investment portfolio. The
Investment division offers a diverse range of financing products, such as loans, quasi-equity financing, equity and arranging
services to infrastructure projects in Africa. It also provides technical and economic advisory services to projects that are in
the early stage of project development.
2)
Financial Services Division
The Corporation's Financial Services division is divided into three groups, (i) treasury and funding, (ii) financial institutions
and syndication, and (iii) financial advisory. The treasury and funding group is responsible for the Corporation's capital
raising and covers both debt and equity. Its function is to seek to ensure that the Corporation has adequate capital and the
appropriate capital structure.
The treasury and funding group interfaces with the Corporation's shareholders, bankers, potential lenders, rating agencies
and other providers of capital. It is also responsible for the management of the liquidity of the Corporation, ensuring that all
liquidity risk management indices are met and that the Corporation is able to meet its contractual obligations under normal
as well as stressed environments. It is also responsible for designing and executing hedging activities to manage the
Corporation's exposures to market risk. The financial institutions and syndication team is responsible for leading
syndications of the Corporation's transactions and participations in external syndications, as well as seeking and executing
asset buy and sell down opportunities. It is also responsible for trade finance transactions that do not fall under one of the
sectors in the Investment division and those that involve financial institutions. The financial advisory group is responsible for
providing advisory services to clients and generating fee-based income for the Corporation.
52
244
f-244

--- Page 491 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
5.
Reporting Segments (continued)
The information provided to the Corporation's Board for the reportable units for the period ended June 30, 2024 is as
follows:
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
Investment
Financial
Services
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Interest income
229,689
296,235
525,924
Dividend income
1,031
4,207
5,238
Fee commission and other income
17,008
13,708
30,716
Gain or loss on sale of financial assets
296
1,753
2,049
Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through
profit or loss
20,625
(17,226)
3,399
Net impairment charge on financial assets
(40,665)
18,726
(21,940)
Interest expense, credit risk insurance & administrative
expenses
(196,548)
(79,287)
(275,835)
Loss for the period, from discontinued operations
(14,939)
-
(14,939)
Profit for the period
16,497
238,116
254,612
Total assets
7,288,100
4,905,130
12,193,230
Total liabilities
403,366
8,173,247
8,576,613
Expenditure on reportable segment:
Non-current assets
2,500
1,683
4,183
Depreciation and amortisation
829
492
1,321
53
245
f-245

--- Page 492 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
5.
Reporting Segments (continued)
June 30, 2023
Unaudited
Investment
Financial
Services
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Interest income
185,203
170,633
355,836
Dividend income
714
-
714
Fee commission and other income
16,426
13,147
29,573
Gain or loss on sale of financial assets
-
7,126
7,126
Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through
profit or loss
(4,728)
(3,007)
(7,735)
Net impairment charge on financial assets
(24,913)
(13,415)
(38,328)
Interest expense, credit risk insurance & administrative
expenses
(186,383)
(33,908)
(220,291)
Loss for the period, from discontinued operations
(7,300)
-
(7,300)
Profit for the period
(20,981)
140,576
119,595
Total assets  as at 31 Dec 2023
6,293,723
6,051,414
12,345,137
Total liabilities as at 31 Dec 2023
376,585
8,547,860
8,924,445
Expenditure on reportable segment:
Non-current assets
1,480
493
1,973
Depreciation and amortisation
2,140
1,380
3,520
54
246
f-246

--- Page 493 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
5.
Reporting Segments (continued)
Geographic information
The geographic information analyses the Corporation’s revenue and non-current assets by the Corporation’s country of
domicile and other countries. In presenting the geographic information below, segment revenue is based on the geographic
location of customers and segment assets are based on the geographic location of the assets.
June 30, 2024
Reviewed
West Africa
Rest of Africa
Others
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Interest income
372,003
106,762
47,159
525,924
Dividend income
4,680
558
-
5,238
Fee commission and other income
23,934
6,656
126
30,716
Gain or loss on sale of financial assets
2,049
-
-
2,049
Net gain on financial instruments at fair
value through profit or loss
(12,415)
15,814
-
3,399
Loss for the period, from discontinued
operations
(14,939)
-
-
(14,939)
External revenue
375,311
129,790
47,286
552,387
Credit risk insurance
-
-
(10,774)
(10,774)
Interest expenses
-
(12,904)
(202,288)
(215,192)
Segment net revenues
375,311
116,886
(165,776)
326,421
Total assets
5,691,182
3,691,368
2,810,680
12,193,230
June 30, 2023
Unaudited
West Africa
Rest of Africa
Others
Total
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
US$ '000
Interest income
247,078
81,556
27,202
355,836
Dividend income
575
139
-
714
Fee commission and other income
15,971
11,497
2,105
29,573
Gain or loss on sale of financial assets
7,126
-
-
7,126
Net gain on financial instruments at fair
value through profit or loss
(11,207)
3,472
-
(7,735)
Loss for the period, from discontinued
operations
(7,300)
-
-
(7,300)
External revenue
252,243
96,664
29,307
378,214
Credit risk insurance
(2,679)
(2,793)
(4,505)
(9,977)
Interest expense
-
(3,720)
(163,865)
(167,585)
Segment net revenues
249,564
90,151
(139,063)
200,652
Total assets as at 31 Dec 2023
5,832,361
3,175,661
3,337,115
12,345,137
55
247
f-247

--- Page 494 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
6 months
6 months
ended
ended
30 June
30 June
2024
2023
Reviewed
Unaudited
US$ '000
US$ '000
6.
Interest income and interest expense
Interest income
Loans and advances to other customers
258,927
199,162
Loans and advances to banks
85,424
60,366
Financial assets at FVTPL
8,923
18,991
Investment securities:
- Financial assets at amortised cost
172,650
77,317
525,924
355,836
Interest expense
Borrowings from financial institutions
157,629
106,990
Corporate bonds
57,563
60,595
Interest expense on borrowings
215,192
167,585
Net interest income
310,732
188,251
The amounts reported above include interest income and expense, calculated using the effective interest method, that
relate to the following financial assets and financial liabilities:
Financial assets measured at;
- Amortised cost
517,001
336,845
- FVTPL
8,923
18,991
Total interest income
525,924
355,836
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
- Amortised cost
215,192
167,585
Total interest expense
215,192
167,585
7.
Dividend income
Equity securities at;
- FVOCI
298
714
- FVTPL
4,940
-
5,238
714
56
248
f-248

--- Page 495 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
6 months
6 months
ended
ended
30 June
30 June
2024
2023
Reviewed
Unaudited
US$ '000
US$ '000
8.
Fees, commission and other income
Risk participation and commitment fees
13,293
10,249
Advisory and structuring fees
9,950
14,615
Facility and other fees
7,473
4,709
30,716
29,573
Performance obligations and revenue recognition policies
i.
Risk participation and commitment fees: Risk participation fees are earned on various unfunded risk participation
programs with financial institutions, to facilitate trade transactions. Commitment fees are earned on commitments to
provide debt or equity financing to counterparties and are recognised over the commitment period.
ii.
Advisory fees: these are fees earned on mandates in which the Corporation acts in advisory capacities. Revenue
related to advisory mandates are recognised on a milestone basis, and success fees are recognised once the service
under a given mandate is rendered.
iii.
Structuring fees: these are fees earned on project finance transactions in which the Corporation plays a mandated lead
arranger role, in a loan syndication finance arrangement. These fees are recognised at a point in time when the loan
syndication is finalised.
iv.
Facility and other fees: these are fees earned on agency services rendered by the Corporation. Revenue from facility
and other fees is recognised as the services are provided.
v.
Development fees: these are fees earned for developing a project and it is often a multiple of the amount spent on
development costs as agreed with project sponsors. The fees are recognised when the development phase of the
project is completed.
9.
Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL:
Derivative financial instruments
- Interest rate
1,923
5,451
- Cross currency swap
561,120
633,022
Foreign exchange
(581,832)
(641,767)
Equity investments
18,558
4,067
Hybrid instruments
3,129
(8,941)
Designated at FVTPL:
Asset under management
501
433
3,399
(7,735)
10.
Net impairment charge on financial assets
Loans and advances to customers (Note 18a)
26,654
24,913
Loans and advances to banks (Note 16a)
(139)
1,916
Investment securities at amortised cost (Note 20b)
4,825
4,600
Pledged assets at amortised cost (Note 21a)
(2,586)
3,833
Off-balance sheet commitments (Note 26c)
(6,814)
3,066
21,940
38,328
57
249
f-249

--- Page 496 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
6 months
6 months
ended
ended
30 June
30 June
2024
2023
Reviewed
Unaudited
US$ '000
US$ '000
11.
Gain on sale of financial assets
- Equity securities
-
2,924
- Debt securities
2,049
4,202
2,049
7,126
Amounts represent income realised from the sale of the investments in certain securities during the period, in line with the
Corporation’s investment strategy.
12.
Operating expenses
a.
Operating expenses
Staff cost:
Wages and salaries
33,804
30,602
Post-employment benefits
2,061
952
Other employee benefits
1,173
1,157
Other operating expenses:
Rent, rates and utilities
125
136
Insurance
232
267
Advertising and business promotion
1,888
1,409
Auditor's remuneration
250
150
Communication
825
577
Travel
600
473
Board expenses, including Directors’ fees
1,681
1,333
Training, seminars and conferences
1,043
544
Repairs and maintenance
41
41
Project and other transaction expenses
1,260
501
Consultancy fees
1,746
1,014
Other expenses
1,820
1,814
Depreciation and amortisation
1,321
1,759
49,870
42,729
58
250
f-250

--- Page 497 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
6 months
6 months
ended
ended
30 June
30 June
2024
2023
Reviewed
Unaudited
US$ '000
US$ '000
12.
Operating expenses (continued)
b.
Credit risk insurance
- Credit risk insurance premium
10,774
9,977
The Corporation uses credit risk insurance as a risk mitigation tool for the protection of the Corporation against borrower
defaults. Insurance cover is provided by investment grade rated insurance companies.
13.
Taxation
Under the Headquarters Agreement between AFC and the Government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria signed in May
2007, AFC is exempt from tax on all its income arising from operations in the host country.
14.
Earnings per share
Basic/Diluted
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to equity holders of the Corporation by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period. Basic and diluted earnings per share are the same
as the Corporation has no potentially dilutive ordinary shares.
Basic earnings per share
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Corporation from continuing
operations (US$ '000)
269,550
126,895
From discontinued operations (US$ '000) 
(14,939)
(7,300)
254,611
119,595
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000)
Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 1 January 
1,396,822
1,290,527
Effect of shares issued during the period
147,264
46,707
Weighted-average number of ordinary shares at 31 December ('000)
1,544,086
1,337,234
Diluted earnings per share
Basic/diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (expressed in US
cents per share)
17.46
9.49
Basic/diluted loss per share from discontinued operations (expressed in US
cents per share)
(0.97)
(0.55)
Total for the period
16.49
8.94
59
251
f-251

--- Page 498 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
15.
Cash and balances with banks
Cash in hand
19
30
Balances with banks
27,563
6,681
27,582
6,711
All cash and balances with banks are current.
16.
Loans and advances to banks
Placements with banks
865,136
1,376,627
Less: Allowance for impairment (See (a) below)
(5,385)
(5,524)
859,751
1,371,103
All loans and advances to banks are current.
a)  The movement in impairment allowance is shown below:
Opening
5,524
2,365
Net remeasurement of ECL allowance (Note 10)
(139)
3,159
5,385
5,524
17.
Derivative financial instruments
The table below shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments recorded as assets or liabilities together with their
notional amounts. The notional amount, recorded gross, is the amount of a derivative’s underlying asset, reference rate or
index and is the basis upon which changes in the value of derivatives are measured. The notional amounts indicate the
volume of transactions outstanding as at 30 June 2024 and are indicative of neither the market risk nor the credit risk.
June 30, 2024
Assets
US$ '000
Liabilities
US$ '000
Notional
US$ '000
Forward contracts
12,281
4,480
569,078
Cross currency swaps
136,387
59,434
3,075,833
Interest rate options
5,246
5,246
37,882
Interest rate swap
12,538
7,122
538,591
166,452
76,282
4,221,384
Current
110,328
37,210
Non-current
56,124
39,072
60
252
f-252

--- Page 499 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
17.
Derivative financial instruments (continued)
December 31, 2023
Assets
US$ '000
Liabilities
US$ '000
Notional
US$ '000
Forward contracts
10
14,007
631,483
Cross currency swaps
251,705
106,797
3,514,593
Interest rate options
2,858
2,858
25,542
Interest rate swap
8,818
5,252
583,487
263,391
128,914
4,755,105
Current
86,857
58,891
Non-current
176,534
70,023
The Corporation uses derivatives to manage its exposure to market risks.
18.
Loans and advances to other customers
Project finance loans
3,951,881
3,804,129
Advances under trade finance
1,065,579
714,440
5,017,460
4,518,569
Impairment allowance (see note (a) below):
- Project finance
(226,206)
(211,018)
- Trade finance
(35,725)
(24,259)
(261,931)
(235,277)
4,755,529
4,283,292
Current
1,169,258
709,809
Non-current
3,586,271
3,573,483
a.
The movement in impairment allowance is shown below:
Balance as at 1 January
235,277
193,085
Net measurement of impairment allowance (Note 10)
26,654
42,192
Closing balance
261,931
235,277
See Note 3.1.2 for a detailed analysis. 
61
253
f-253

--- Page 500 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
19.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Designated at fair value through profit or loss:
Debt securities (see note (a) below)
316,856
307,132
Equity securities (see note (b) below)
1,275,756
1,272,022
Assets under management: debt securities (see note (c) below)
22,228
22,248
1,614,840
1,601,402
Current
34,524
34,189
Non-current
1,580,316
1,567,213
a).Debt securities include hybrid instruments and other debt securities at fair value through profit or loss. The hybrid
instruments include a conversion option which results in no closely related risks inherent in the host contract. The
Corporation therefore designated the instrument as financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.
b).  Equity securities at fair value through profit or loss include:
2024
2023
2024
2023
US$ '000
US$ '000
% Shareholding
Arise Infrastructure Services
27,901
27,387
%
34
%
34
Arise Integrated Industrial Platforms
526,519
513,860
%
72
%
72
Arise Ports and Logistics Limited
205,296
203,333
%
25
%
25
Cabeolica S.A.
15,722
15,722
%
50
%
50
Cenpower Generation Company
15,444
15,444
%
32
%
32
Cenpower Operations Company
74
74
%
25
%
25
Danakali Limited
3,785
17,516
%
14
%
14
Djibouti Wind Company Limited
63
63
%
57
%
57
Djibouti Wind Limited Partnership
6,237
6,237
%
57
%
57
Infinity Energy Africa Investments Limited
400
400
%
49
%
49
Infrastructure Credit Guarantee Company Limited
34,702
34,702
%
30
%
30
International Gulf Mining Limited
222
222
%
43
%
43
Ivoire Hydro Energie S.A
29,575
29,575
%
51
%
51
Ncondezi
10
10
%
23
%
23
Nouvelle Gabon Mining SA
310,170
307,840
%
43
%
43
Société Concessionaire du Pont Riviera-Marcory
71,938
71,938
%
26
%
26
South African Toll Road Company (Proprietary) Ltd
13,365
13,365
%
29
%
29
Terminal à Conteneurs de Nouakchott
13,321
13,321
%
50
%
50
Vigeo Power Limited
1,010
1,010
%
20
%
20
1,275,756
1,272,022
The Corporation acquired stakes in these companies with the intention to exit at a future date. As of June 30, 2024, the
Corporation had no commitments to these entities except as disclosed in Note 28. There are no restrictions on the ability of
these entities to pay cash dividends and repay outstanding obligations to the Corporation.
c) Assets under management represent funds managed by a third-party investment company on a discretionary basis. The
portfolio comprises of marketable debt securities with observable prices and is managed on a fair value basis.
20.
Investment securities
At amortised cost:
- Corporate debt securities
428,817
418,684
- Sovereign debt securities (note i)
3,401,831
3,374,482
3,830,648
3,793,166
Less: Allowance for impairment (see note (b) below)
(51,649)
(46,824)
3,778,999
3,746,342
62
254
f-254

--- Page 501 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
20.
Investment securities (continued)
At FVOCI:
- Equity securities (see note (c) below)
36,752
36,980
3,815,751
3,783,322
Current
3,453,269
3,414,302
Non-current
362,482
369,020
i) Included in sovereign debt securities are treasury bills issued by the government of United States of America which are
highly liquid financial instruments.
a.   As at June 30, 2024, the Corporation held no collateral, which it was permitted to sell or repledge in the event of default
by the owner of the collateral (December 31, 2023: Nil).
b.
The movement in impairment allowance is shown below:
Opening balance
46,824
39,710
Net remeasurement of ECL allowance (Note 10)
4,825
7,114
Closing balance
51,649
46,824
c.
Equity securities at FVOCI
Equity securities (see note (i) below)
36,752
36,980
(i).
The movement in equity securities is as follows:
Balance as at 1 January
36,980
52,920
(Disposals)/additions
-
(13,438)
Net loss on fair valuation through other comprehensive income
(228)
(2,252)
Foreign exchange gain
-
(250)
Closing balance
36,752
36,980
63
255
f-255

--- Page 502 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
21.
Pledged assets
Corporate debt securities
329,488
348,583
Sovereign debt securities
132,796
187,876
462,284
536,459
Less: Allowance for impairment (see note (a) below)
(12,834)
(15,420)
449,450
521,039
Current
-
105,464
Non-current
449,450
415,575
a.
The movement in ECL allowance is shown below:
Balance as at 1 January
15,420
8,447
Net remeasurement of ECL allowance (Note 10)
(2,586)
6,973
Closing balance
12,834
15,420
b) Pledged assets comprise debt securities used to secure the Corporation’s borrowings but were not derecognised in the
condensed consolidated interim financial statements. These are transactions in which the Corporation uses its investment
securities to collaterise some its bilateral borrowings. The Corporation continues to recognise the securities in their entirety
in the statement of financial position because it retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership. The
Corporation does not have the ability to use the transferred assets during the term of the arrangement. These transactions
were conducted under terms that are usual and customary to standard lending and repurchase activities. Details are as
below:
Carrying amount of the assets
449,450
521,039
Carrying amount of the associated liabilities (see note 27(iii))
329,341
388,945
Fair value of the assets
447,023
510,900
Fair value of the liabilities
(329,341)
(388,945)
Net fair value
117,682
121,955
22.
Other assets
Financial assets
Accounts receivable
16,581
14,973
Fee receivable
8,875
8,875
25,456
23,848
Non-financial assets
Prepayments
7,625
7,029
33,081
30,877
Current assets
33,081
30,877
Non-current assets
-
-
64
256
f-256

--- Page 503 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
23.
Property, plant and equipment
Year end December 31, 2023
Right of use-
asset
US$ '000
Motor
vehicles
US$ '000
Leasehold
improvements
US$ '000
Furniture &
equipment
US$ '000
Total
US$ '000
As at January 1, 2023
Cost
9,764
4,192
2,376
5,792
22,124
Accumulated depreciation 
(6,133)
(2,113)
(1,992)
(4,840)
(15,078)
Net book value at January 1, 2023
3,631
2,079
384
952
7,046
Additions
-
881
36
255
1,172
Disposals - cost
-
(1,183)
-
(65)
(1,248)
Disposals - accumulated depreciation 
-
1,125
-
64
1,189
Depreciation
(1,585)
(1,003)
(155)
(329)
(3,072)
Net book value at December 31, 2023
2,046
1,899
265
877
5,087
As at December 31, 2023
Cost 
9,764
3,890
2,784
5,975
22,413
Accumulated depreciation
(7,718)
(1,991)
(2,519)
(5,098)
(17,326)
Net book amount
2,046
1,899
265
877
5,087
Period end June 30, 2024
Right of use-
asset
US$ '000
Motor
vehicles
US$ '000
Leasehold
improvements
US$ '000
Furniture &
equipment
US$ '000
Total
US$ '000
As at January 1, 2024
Cost 
9,764
3,890
2,784
5,975
22,413
Accumulated depreciation 
(7,718)
(1,991)
(2,519)
(5,098)
(17,326)
Net book value at January 1, 2024
2,046
1,899
265
877
5,087
Additions
-
159
-
58
217
Disposals  - cost
-
(314)
-
(32)
(346)
Disposals - accumulated depreciation
and impairment
-
280
-
32
312
Depreciation
(627)
(394)
(79)
(174)
(1,274)
Net book value at June 30, 2024
1,419
1,630
186
761
3,996
As at June 30, 2024
Cost
9,764
3,735
2,784
6,000
22,283
Accumulated depreciation
(8,345)
(2,105)
(2,598)
(5,239)
(18,287)
Net book amount
1,419
1,630
186
761
3,996
i. There were no impairment losses on any class of property and equipment during the period (2023: Nil).
ii. There were no capitalised borrowing costs related to the acquisition of property and equipment during the period (2023:
Nil).
iii. There were no restrictions to the title held by the Corporation, in respect of its property and equipment during the period
(2023: Nil).
iv.  The depreciation charge for the period was US$1.3 million (2023: US1.8 million) 
v.   All items of property and equipment are non-current.
65
257
f-257

--- Page 504 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
24.
Intangible assets
Software costs
187
200
Software costs are expenses incurred in the purchase and implementation of the Corporation’s software. The movement in
intangible assets from the preceding financial year is as follows:
At 1 January
200
566
Additions
35
82
Amortisation
(48)
(448)
Closing balance
187
200
i. There were no impairment losses on any class of intangible assets during the period (2023: Nil).
ii. There were no capitalised borrowing costs related to the acquisition of intangible assets during the period (2023: Nil).
iii. There were no restrictions to the title held by the Corporation, in respect of its intangible assets during the period (2023:
Nil).
iv. All items of intangible assets are non-current.
25.
Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operation
In 2023, the Corporation acquired a controlling interest in Pecan Energies AS formerly known as Aker Energy AS. After the
acquisition, assets and liabilities of Pecan Energies AS were transferred to Pecan Energies Investment Limited. The
investment was classified as held-for-sale following the commitment of the Corporation to sell down part of its interest in the
entity at the date of acquisition. This decision was made in line with the Corporation's business strategy. 
The results of the entity have been consolidated into the condensed interim financial statements as required by the IFRS
accounting standards. Financial information relating to the held for sale asset for the period is set out below:
(a).
Financial information of discontinued operation
Loss for the period is attributable to:
6 months
ended
30 June
2024 
Reviewed
US$ '000
6 months
ended
30 June
2023 
Unaudited
US$ '000
Parent
(14,939)
(7,300)
Non-controlling interest 
-
-
Loss for the period from discontinued operations
(14,939)
(7,300)
30 June
2024 
Reviewed
US$ '000
31 December
2023 
Audited 
US$ '000
Non-current assets held for sale
466,611
478,713
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale
285,206
282,472
66
258
f-258

--- Page 505 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
26.
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
Accrued expenses
70,999
71,475
Accounts payable
38,991
29,724
Lease liability
990
986
Defined benefit plan
14,247
13,126
Margin deposit  (see note (a) below)
28,851
26,540
Deposit for shares see note (b) below)
9,700
-
163,778
141,851
Unearned fees
22,826
28,828
Allowance for debt commitments (see note (c) below
11,083
17,897
197,687
188,576
Current
1,951,060
157,050
Non-current
25,807
31,526
a) As part of the Corporation's credit support arrangement with various counterparties on its derivative transactions, margin
deposits are received from such counterparties in instances where the mark-to-market valuation of the derivative
transactions is favourable to the Corporation. These cash deposits are therefore recognised as margin deposits.
b). During the period, Total Energies EP Nigeria Closed Pension Fund Administrator (Total CPFA) made a deposit towards
an investment in the equity capital of the Corporation.
c). This is the amount set aside for expected credit losses on the Corporation’s commitments which are exposed to credit
risk. These commitments includes debt commitments, unfunded risk participation arrangements and guarantees (see note
28 (c))and 28(d).
The movement in allowance for debt commitments during the period is as follows:
Balance as at 1 January
17,897
12,486
Net measurement of impairment allowance (see note 10)
(6,814)
5,411
Closing balance
11,083
17,897
27.
Borrowings
At amortised cost
Corporate bonds issued (note (i))
3,000,381
3,514,669
Borrowings from other financial institutions (note (ii))
5,017,058
4,809,814
8,017,439
8,324,483
Current
1,155,709
1,069,692
Non-current
6,861,730
7,254,791
(i) Amount represents outstanding balance on issuances made under the Corporation’s Eurobond program. The
Corporation’s US$5 billion Global Medium-Term Note (“GMTN”) programme which was upsized from US$3 billion in line
with the Corporation’s funding strategy. The terms and conditions of the notes issued under the Corporation’s GMTN
program are as follows: 
67
259
f-259

--- Page 506 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
27.
Borrowings (continued)
2024
2023
Bond issued
Year
Issued
Year of
Maturity
Coupon
(%)
Coupon
Type
Amount
US$ '000
Amount
US$ '000
US$ 500 million
2017
2024
3.8750
Fixed
-
503,990
US$ 650 million
2019
2026
4.3750
Fixed
654,021
653,517
US$ 500 million
2019
2029
3.7500
Fixed
499,317
498,956
EUR 15 million
2020
2038
1.6250
Fixed
15,795
16,124
EUR 35 million
2020
2041
1.7500
Fixed
36,828
38,261
EUR 15 million
2020
2047
1.6250
Fixed
15,631
15,958
CHF150 Million 
2020
2025
1.2050
Fixed
168,285
178,580
US$ 700 Million
2020
2025
3.1250
Fixed
699,812
699,232
US$ 750 Million
2021
2028
2.9900
Fixed
750,790
750,402
US$ 50 Million 
2021
2031
2.9000
Fixed
51,032
50,296
US$ 50 Million
2021
2031
2.8700
Fixed
50,841
50,107
EUR 40 Million
2021
2031
1.3500
Fixed
43,069
44,059
EUR 15 Million
2021
2034
1.3000
Fixed
14,959
15,188
3,000,381
3,514,669
(ii) Borrowings from other financial institutions comprise loans from commercial banks and development financial
institutions within Africa, Europe, Asia and the United States. These are floating rate liabilities and repricing of these
borrowings are between 3 months and 6 months.
(iii) Included in other borrowings from other financial institutions is an amount of US$329.3 million (2023: US$388.9 million)
which has been secured using corporate and sovereign securities with a carrying value of US$449.5 million (2023:
US$521.0 million). See note 21(b).
(iv) The Corporation has not defaulted on principal, interest or other covenant breaches with respect to its borrowings.
(v) The maturity profile of borrowings are as follows:
Less than 1 year
1,155,709
1,069,692
1 – 3 years
3,764,568
4,227,084
Over 3 years
3,097,162
3,027,707
8,017,439
8,324,483
(vi) Reconciliation of movement in borrowings to cashflows from financing activities
At beginning of the year
8,324,483
7,568,205
Proceeds from other borrowings
1,167,137
2,425,914
Transaction costs related to borrowings
(12,442)
(13,329)
Interest expense (see note 6)
215,192
350,404
Interest paid
(205,730)
(330,682)
Repayment of borrowings
(1,438,968)
(1,722,949)
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates
(32,233)
46,920
Closing balance
8,017,439
8,324,483
Currency exposures arising from borrowing transactions are hedged in line with the Corporation’s policy (see Note 3.2.1
Foreign exchange risk).
(vii) Loan Covenants 
As at 30 June 2024, the Corporation was in compliance with all applicable loan covenants, which are monitored and
reported on a quarterly and half-yearly basis.
68
260
f-260

--- Page 507 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
28.
Contingent liabilities and commitments
a.
Legal proceedings
As at June 30, 2024, there was one legal proceeding against the Corporation. The Directors believe that, based on currently
available information and advice of the Corporation’s legal counsel, the outcome from this proceedings will not have a
material adverse effect on the financial position of the Corporation. No provision has been made in respect of these legal
proceedings, for the period ended June 30, 2024 (2023: Nil).
b.
Equity commitments
These commitments relate to equity financing commitments to third parties.
c.
Debt commitments
These commitments relate to unfunded risk participation arrangements under Trade Finance transactions and loan
commitments on transactions which are yet to be disbursed.
d.
Guarantees
These are contracts that require the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because
a specified debtor fails to make payments when due, in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
Details of contingent liabilities is presented below.
Equity commitments (Note 28b)
28,820
27,012
Debt commitments (Note 28c)
483,889
844,758
Unfunded risk participation and guarantees (Note 28d)
1,877,000
1,654,146
2,389,709
2,525,916
In line with the provisions of IFRS Accounting Standards (IFRS 9), the Corporation has set aside an amount for expected
credit losses on its commitments exposed to credit risk (see note 26(c)).
69
261
f-261

--- Page 508 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
29.
Share capital
The total authorised number of ordinary shares is 2 billion units with a par value of US$1.00 per share.
Issued and fully paid capital
2024
No. of shares
In thousands
2023
No. of shares
In thousands
At 1 January
1,537,719
1,290,527
Addition during the period
13,997
247,192
Closing Balance
1,551,716
1,537,719
2024
US$ '000
2023
US$ '000
At 1 January
1,537,719
1,290,527
Addition during the period (note(i) below)
13,997
247,192
Closing balance
1,551,716
1,537,719
(i) In 2023, the sum of US$339.7 million was invested by shareholders under the rights issue program approved by the
Board in 2022. The basis of the rights issue is 1 new share for every 4 shares held.  In addition, the Republic of Egypt and
the Republic of Sierra Leone increased their investment in the Corporation’s capital by re-investing their dividends from
2022 financial year, which amounted to US$3 million and US$0.1 million respectively.
30.
Share premium
2024
US$ '000
2023
US$ '000
At 1 January
423,675
184,018
Addition during the period (note 29 (i) above)
14,881
239,657
Closing balance
438,556
423,675
31.
Share warrants
2024
No. of
warrants in
thousands
2023
No. of
warrants in
thousands
Opening/ Closing
105,263
105,263
2024
US$ '000
2023
US$ '000
Opening  / Closing
200,000
200,000
(i) The Corporation issued 105,263,158 warrants in 2020, for an aggregate amount of US$200 million and credited the
proceeds to the share warrant account. Share warrants are convertible into ordinary shares of the Corporation, if the
warrants are not redeemed before maturity at the option of the Corporation. Payment of returns on warrants are at the sole
discretion of the Corporation.
70
During the period, the Corporation received equity investments totalling US$24.9 million from National Social Security Fund
Kenya, US$5.0 million from RawBank Democratic Republic of the Congo and US$5.0 (comprising US$1 million paid-in
capital and US$4 million callable capital) from Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe.
262
f-262

--- Page 509 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
32.
Retained earnings
At beginning of the period
1,286,318
1,049,190
Dividend paid during the period
(81,742)
(85,581)
Return on warrants
(5,596)
(6,981)
Profit for the period
254,611
329,690
Closing balance
1,453,591
1,286,318
33.
Fair value reserves
At 1 January
(27,020)
(24,299)
Net loss on FVOCI financial assets:
- Fair value loss - equity securities
(227)
(2,503)
- Remeasurements of defined benefit liability
-
(218)
(227)
-
Closing balance
(27,247)
(27,020)
The fair value reserves comprise:
The fair value reserves comprise the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity securities measured at FVOCI and
defined benefit obligation.
34.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash in hand and balances with banks (Note 15)
27,582
6,711
Placements with other banks (Note 16)
865,136
1,376,627
Investment securities (note (i) below)
1,998,386
2,108,533
Closing balance
2,891,104
3,491,871
i) Included in investment securities in Note 20 are treasury bills issued by the government of United States of America
which are highly liquid financial instruments with less than three (3) months to maturity.
71
263
f-263

--- Page 510 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
35.
Group entities and related party transactions
Group entities
The Group consists of the Africa Finance Corporation as the Parent. Other group entities are:
Subsidiaries
AFC Equity Investments Limited: a wholly owned entity incorporated in Mauritius, which was set up to hold equity
investments on behalf of the Corporation (2023: 100%).
AFC Capital Partners: a wholly owned entity incorporated in Mauritius, set up as an investment management entity with a
global business License (2023: 100%).
Arise PCC: a wholly owned special purpose vehicle, incorporated in Mauritius, to hold 50% interest in Terminal à
Conteneurs de Nouakchott (TCN), a port project in the Islamic Republic of Mauritania. Arise PCC became wholly owned in
2022, increasing the Corporation’s interest in TCN to 50%, from 10.5%. In 2023, the investment in TCN was transferred
from Arise PCC to AFC Equity and the process for an orderly liquidation of Arise PCC commenced. (2023: 100%).
Pecan Energies Investment Limited: a wholly owned entity incorporated in Cayman Island, which was set up to hold the
entities acquired from Pecan Energy AS, formally Aker Energy AS. In 2023, the Corporation acquired a 100% interest in
Pecan Energies AS, an exploration and production company incorporated in Norway. The group has been recognised as
non-current assets held for sale after all the requisite conditions had been fulfilled.  The subsidiaries of Pecan Energies
Investment Limited include. 
(i) Pecan Energy Ghana Limited (PEGL): a wholly owned subsidiary, incorporated in Ghana. The Company has a    50%
participating interest in the Deepwater Tano / Cape Three Points block (“DWT/CTP”) and is the operator responsible for
developing the DWT/CTP (Pecan field).
(ii) Pecan Energy Services Limited: a wholly owned subsidiary, incorporated in Cayman Island, set up provide technical
services to PEGL for the development of the Pecan field.
(iii) FPSO Investment Limited: a wholly owned subsidiary, incorporated in Malta, set up for the acquisition of a floating
production storage and offloading vessel for the development of the Pecan field. The entity has 3 wholly owned
subsidiaries, which were incorporated in Malta, namely; Ghana FPSO Holdings Limited, Ghana FPSO Company Limited
and Ghana FPSO Operations AS. 
Associates and joint venture operations
Associated entities comprise of equity investments that result in the Corporation having significant influence by being able
to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee companies. These investments are carried in
the statement of financial position at fair value through profit or loss rather than accounted for using the equity method. See
Note 19 for details of these investments.
See Note 4 for information about judgements made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effects on
the amounts recognised in the condsensed consolidated interim financial statements in relation to group entities.
72
264
f-264

--- Page 511 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
30 June
31 December
2024
2023
Reviewed
Audited
US$ '000
US$ '000
35.
Group entities and related party transactions (continued)
Related party transactions
Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control the other party or exercise influence over the other
party in making financial and operational decisions, or one other party controls both. The definition includes subsidiaries,
associates, joint venture entities, significant shareholders and their companies as well as key management personnel.
a.
Balances with related parties:
Loans:
2024
US$ '000
2023
US$ '000
   Shareholders
222,462
206,939
Placements/investments in debt securities:
   Shareholders
144,396
202,040
   Associate companies
388,965
383,269
Cash and bank balances:
   Operating account balances
3,355
312
b.
Interest income earned
6 months
ended
30 June
2024 
Reviewed
US$ '000
6 months
ended
30 June
2023 
Unaudited
US$ '000
Shareholders
37,075
25,339
Associated companies
14,847
25,706
These transactions were carried out  in the normal course of business, under commercial terms. The terms and conditions
of loans to related parties are as follows:
Average
Tenor
Coupon/Rate
Rate Type
Loans and advances
15 Months
3% - 9%
Fixed/floating
Corporate debt securities
11 Years
5% - 15%
Fixed/floating
c.
Cross currency swap
2024
US$ '000
2023
US$ '000
Notional amount
1,064,495
1,520,000
73
265
f-265

--- Page 512 ---
Africa Finance Corporation
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the Period ended June 30, 2024
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements
35.
Group entities and related party transactions (continued)
d.
Key management compensation
6 months
ended
30 June
2024 
Reviewed
US$ '000
6 months
ended
30 June
2023 
Unaudited
US$ '000
Salaries and other short-term benefits
8,550
8,101
Post-employment benefits
393
397
Key management staff refers to members of the Executive Management Committee, which are: (a) President and Chief
Executive Officer, (b) Executive Director and Chief Investment Officer, (c) Executive Director, Financial Services, (d) Senior
Director & Chief Financial Officer,  (e) Senior Director & Chief Risk Officer, (f) Senior Director & General Counsel (g)
Director & Head of Corporate Services, (h) Director & Head, Economics, Research and Strategy.
36.
Events after the reporting period
There were no events after the statement of financial position date which materially affect these condensed consolidated
interim financial statements.
74
266
f-266

--- Page 513 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 232 - 
70-41079910 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
₦ 41 
€ 40 
€STR .............................................................. 25 
1940 Act ....................................................... 228 
2015 Conditions ........................................... 102 
2016 Conditions ........................................... 103 
2016 Order .............................................. 42, 154 
2017 Conditions ........................................... 103 
2018 Conditions ........................................... 103 
2020 Conditions ........................................... 103 
2021 Conditions ........................................... 103 
2022 Financial Statements .............................. 39 
30/360 ....................................................... 61, 73 
30E/360 .......................................................... 73 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................. 74 
360/360 ........................................................... 73 
ABAC ........................................................... 152 
accredited investor ........................................ 226 
Accrual Period ................................................ 61 
ACP .............................................................. 125 
Actual/360 ...................................................... 73 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ......................................... 73 
Actual/Actual.................................................. 73 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................... 61 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ..................................... 73 
Adjustment Spread ......................................... 77 
AFC ................................................................ 40 
AFD ........................................................ 45, 119 
AfDB ........................................................ 39, 40 
Africa Re .................................................. vii, 40 
African Development Bank ...................... vii, 40 
Agency Agreement ......................................... 52 
Agents............................................................. 53 
ALCO ............................................................. 30 
Alternative Reference Rate ............................. 78 
AML ............................................................. 152 
Amortised Face Amount................................. 88 
Angola .............................................................. 7 
Annual General Meeting .............................. 197 
Arbitral Tribunal............................................. 96 
ARISE SEZ (IIP) .......................................... 128 
BACC ..................................................... 40, 124 
BADEA .................................................... vii, 40 
banking organisation .................................... 205 
Base Prospectus ................................ 1, 102, 103 
Base Rate ........................................................ 80 
BCRG ............................................................. 16 
Bearer Notes ............................................... 3, 52 
Benchmark ......................................... 25, 65, 68 
Benchmark Event ........................................... 78 
Benchmark Replacement ................................ 68 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ............ 68 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 .................................................................... 68 
Benchmark Replacement Date ....................... 69 
Benchmark Transition Event .......................... 69 
Benchmarks .................................................... 25 
Beneficial Owner .......................................... 205 
Benefit Plan Investor ..................................... 210 
Benin ......................................................... vii, 40 
BNGC ..................................................... 40, 124 
Board of Directors.................................... viii, 40 
Bond Basis ...................................................... 73 
Botswana ..................................................... 7, 40 
bpd ................................................................ 131 
BRIC ....................................................... 40, 124 
Business Day ............................................. 63, 65 
CAGR ....................................................... 40, 46 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 109 
Cameroon .......................................................... 7 
Cape Verde ............................................... vii, 40 
CBN .................................................. 12, 40, 132 
CDC Gabon ..................................................... 16 
Cenpower ...................................................... 137 
Central Bank of Ireland ..................................... 3 
CEO .............................................................. 124 
CFT ............................................................... 152 
Chad .......................................................... vii, 40 
Charter ...................................................... vii, 40 
Chinese yuan ................................................... 40 
clearing agency ............................................. 205 
clearing corporation ...................................... 205 
Clearing Systems .......................................... 205 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ..................... 3, 53, 98 
CMA ............................................................. 227 
CMP Regulations 2018 .................................... iv 
CNY ................................................................ 40 
Code .......................................................... ii, 212 
Common Depositary ....................................... 98 
Compounded Index ......................................... 71 
Compounded SOFR ........................................ 65 
Conditions ............................................... 52, 102 
Congo-Brazzaville .................................... vii, 40 
constant yield election ................................... 214 
Control ............................................................ 60 
Convention ...................................................... vii 
Corporation ................................................. 3, 40 
Côte ................................................................. vii 
Cȏte d'Ivoire .................................................... 40 
Couponholders ................................................ 52 
Coupons .......................................................... 52 
covered fund ..................................................... 3 
CRA Regulation ............................................ 111 
CRMP ........................................................... 142 
Currency Rate ................................................. 80 
Currency Swap Rights .................................. 210 
Custodian ...................................................... 207 
D1 ............................................................. 73, 74 
D2 ............................................................. 73, 74 
Day Count Fraction ................................... 61, 73 
DBSA ...................................................... 45, 119 
Dealer ................................................................ 3

--- Page 514 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 233 - 
70-41079910 
 
Dealers .............................................................. 3 
Designated Account ....................................... 82 
Designated Bank............................................. 82 
Determination Period ..................................... 62 
DFIs .................................................................. 8 
DFSA ............................................................ 225 
Dispute ........................................................... 96 
Disruption Event............................................. 80 
Distribution Compliance Period ..................... 56 
distributor ................................................. v, 101 
Djibouti..................................................... vii, 40 
DOL .............................................................. 209 
Drawdown Prospectus ................................ 3, 52 
DRC ................................................................ vii 
DTC ............................................................ 3, 54 
DTC Notes .................................................... 205 
Early Redemption Amount ............................. 88 
ECL ................................................................ 15 
EEA ..................................................... 3, iv, 101 
Egypt .................................................... vii, 7, 40 
EIA ............................................................... 176 
EIM .............................................................. 151 
EIT .................................................................. 37 
Eligibility Criteria ......................................... 114 
Eligible Green Projects ................................. 114 
EMMI ......................................................... v, 25 
employee benefit plans ................................. 209 
Environmental and Social Risk Management 
Policy ........................................................ 151 
EPC .................................................................. 8 
ERISA .......................................................... 209 
ERISA Plans ................................................. 209 
ERISA-Permitted Issuance ........................... 211 
Eritrea ....................................................... vii, 40 
ESAP ............................................................ 151 
Establishment Agreement ......................... vii, 41 
Ethiopia ............................................................ 7 
ETI ................................................................ 133 
EU ................................................................ 152 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ........................... 25 
EU CRA Regulation ......................... 3, 110, 111 
EUR ................................................................ 40 
euro ................................................................. 40 
Eurobond Basis............................................... 73 
Euroclear .............................................. 3, 53, 98 
Euronext Dublin ....................................... 3, 102 
EUWA ................................................ 3, 40, 101 
Event of Default ............................................. 91 
Exchange Act ............................... iv, ix, 41, 100 
Exchange Agent ............................................. 52 
Exchange Control Regulations ..................... 225 
Exchange Date ................................................ 98 
Exchange Event ........................................ 98, 99 
EXCO ....................................................... 34, 40 
Exempt Notes ................................................... 3 
Exempt Offer ........................................ 225, 226 
exposure at default ........................................ 160 
Extraordinary Resolution................................ 56 
Facility .......................................................... 128 
FATCA ..................................................... 32, 90 
FCA ................................................................... 3 
FIM ............................................................... 151 
Final Issuer Determination Cut-off Date ......... 75 
Final Terms ................................................. 3, 52 
Financial Statements ....................................... 39 
FinSA ............................................................ 225 
first Person ...................................................... 60 
FirstBank ....................................................... 201 
Fixed Interest Period ....................................... 60 
FMO ........................................................ 45, 119 
foreign currency Notes .................................. 216 
FSMA ............................................... v, 101, 224 
FSMR ............................................................ 226 
FSRA ............................................................ 226 
FTT ............................................................... 218 
FVOCI .......................................................... 196 
Gabon ........................................................ vii, 41 
GCF ......................................................... 45, 119 
Ghana ........................................................ vii, 41 
Glencore ........................................................ 134 
Global Note ..................................................... 52 
Governmental Authority ................................. 85 
Grandfathering Date ........................................ 32 
Green Bond Framework ................................ 114 
Green Bonds ................................................. 114 
GSEZ ............................................................ 128 
Guinea-Bissau ........................................... vii, 41 
Guinea-Conakry ........................................ vii, 41 
Headquarters Agreement......................... 41, 154 
holder of Notes ................................................ 54 
HQLA ........................................................... 171 
IASB ............................................................... 39 
ICRF ............................................................. 125 
ID Memo ....................................................... 151 
IFRS .......................................................... 39, 41 
IIT ................................................................... 37 
IMF ................................................................. 41 
Indebtedness .................................................... 56 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money ................. 57 
Indebtedness Guarantee .................................. 58 
Independent Adviser ....................................... 79 
India Exim Bank ..................................... 41, 148 
Indirect Participants ...................................... 205 
in-house asset managers ................................ 210 
Initial Currency Rate ....................................... 80 
Initial Issuer Determination Cut-off Date ....... 75 
Insurance Distribution Directive .............. iv, 223 
Interest Amount .............................................. 72 
Interest Determination Date ............................ 66 
Interest Payment Date ..................................... 62 
Investment Company Act.......... 1, 3, 41, 56, 220 
Investor's Currency ......................................... 33 
IPP ................................................................. 126 
IRS .......................................................... 32, 212 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ............................. 69 
ISDA Fallback Rate ........................................ 70 
Issue Date ........................................................ 56 
issue price ..................................................... 213 
Issuer ................................................. 1, 3, 41, 52 
IT 155

--- Page 515 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 234 - 
70-41079910 
 
Kenya ....................................................... vii, 41 
KPMG .......................................................... 230 
KSA Regulations .......................................... 227 
KYC ............................................................. 152 
LCIA............................................................... 96 
LCR .............................................................. 171 
Legended Note ............................................... 56 
Legended Notes ....................................... iv, 222 
LEI .................................................................... 1 
Liberia ...................................................... vii, 41 
London Business Day ..................................... 75 
London Stock Exchange ................................... 3 
Long Maturity Note ........................................ 82 
loss given default .......................................... 160 
M1 ............................................................ 73, 74 
M2 ............................................................ 73, 74 
Madagascar ............................................... vii, 41 
Malawi ...................................................... vii, 41 
Mali .......................................................... vii, 41 
Material Subsidiary ........................................ 56 
Mauritania ................................................ vii, 41 
Mauritius .................................................. vii, 41 
Maximum Days of Disruption ........................ 80 
Member Countries .................................... vii, 41 
Member Country ............................................ 90 
MEND ............................................................ 18 
MiFID II ................................................... 3, 101 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................... v 
MIGA ............................................... 41, 45, 119 
MLL ............................................................... 15 
Moody's ........................................................ 3, 5 
Morocco ......................................................... vii 
Naira ............................................................... 41 
Namibia .................................................... vii, 41 
necessary information ..................................... 50 
Niger ......................................................... vii, 41 
Nigeria ...................................................... vii, 41 
Nigerian ISA .............................................. ii, 41 
Nigerian SEC .............................................. ii, 41 
Nigerian SEC Rules .......................................... ii 
NNPC ............................................................. 12 
Noteholder ...................................................... 54 
Noteholders .................................................... 31 
Notes........................................................... 3, 52 
Observation Period ......................................... 66 
offer of such Notes to the public .................. 224 
Official List ...................................................... 3 
OFID....................................................... 45, 119 
OPEC Fund .................................................. 148 
Order................................................................. 1 
original issue discount Note ......................... 213 
Owners ......................................................... 205 
ownership interest ..................................... 3, 228 
Participants ................................................... 205 
participating Member States ......................... 218 
Parties in Interest .......................................... 209 
Paying Agents................................................. 52 
Payment Day .................................................. 84 
PEPs ............................................................... 20 
Permanent Bearer Global Note ....................... 98 
Permitted Security Interest .............................. 58 
Person ............................................................. 57 
Plan ............................................................... 209 
Plan Asset Regulation ................................... 210 
Plan Fiduciary ............................................... 211 
POGBV ......................................................... 135 
PRC ........................................................... 42, 85 
PRC Government ............................................ 36 
Price Source Disruption .................................. 80 
PRIIPs Regulation .................................... iv, 101 
Principal Paying Agent ................................... 52 
probability of default ..................................... 159 
Programme ........................................................ 3 
Programme Agreement ................................. 219 
prohibited transactions .................................. 210 
Project Finance Equity Interests ..................... 59 
PROPARCO ................................................. 148 
Prospectus Regulation .......... 1, 3, i, 42, 102, 224 
PTCE ............................................................. 210 
Put Notice ....................................................... 88 
QIB ......................................................... 57, 220 
QIBs ................................................. 1, 3, iii, 223 
QP ........................................................... 57, 220 
QPs ................................................... 2, 3, iii, 223 
Qualified Investors ............................................ 1 
qualified professional asset managers ........... 210 
qualified reopening ......................................... 95 
Qualified stated interest ................................ 213 
Quasi-Security ................................................ 60 
Quotient Rate .................................................. 80 
Rate Calculation Business Day ....................... 85 
Rate Calculation Date ..................................... 85 
Record Date .................................................... 83 
Redeemed Notes ............................................. 87 
Reference Currency ........................................ 80 
Reference Rate Replacement ........................ 217 
Reference Time ............................................... 70 
Register ........................................................... 82 
Registered Global Notes ................................. 99 
Registered Notes ......................................... 3, 52 
Registrar .......................................................... 52 
Regulation S ............................. 1, iii, 57, 98, 221 
Regulation S Global Note ......................... 57, 99 
Regulation S Notes ....................................... 222 
Relevant Date .................................................. 90 
relevant Dealer .................................................. 3 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus ....................... 52 
relevant Final Terms ....................................... 52 
Relevant Governmental Body ......................... 70 
Relevant Jurisdiction ....................................... 90 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................. 79 
Relevant Notes ................................................ 27 
relevant persons ................................................ 1 
Relevant Screen Page ...................................... 80 
Relevant State ......................................... 42, 224 
renminbi .......................................................... 40 
Repo ................................................................ 60 
retail investor ........................................ 223, 224 
RMB ............................................................... 40 
RMB Clearing Banks ...................................... 36

--- Page 516 ---
10292519675-v37 
- 235 - 
70-41079910 
 
RMB Currency Events ................................... 85 
RMB Illiquidity .............................................. 85 
RMB Inconvertibility ..................................... 85 
RMB Non-Transferability .............................. 86 
Rule 144A ......................................... iii, 57, 220 
Rule 144A Global Note ............................ 57, 99 
Rules ....................................................... 96, 205 
Rwanda ..................................................... vii, 42 
SA Companies Act .................................. iv, 225 
SADC ............................................................. 19 
Sanctions ...................................................... 152 
SAR .............................................................. 136 
SEC ........................................................... iv, 42 
second Person ................................................. 60 
securities ......................................................... 60 
Securities Act .................... 1, 3, 42, 57, 220, 222 
Security Interest .............................................. 60 
Selection Date................................................. 87 
Senegal ..................................................... vii, 42 
Series .............................................................. 53 
Settlement Agreements ................................... 36 
SF (CMP) Regulations ................................. 102 
SFA ................................................. iv, 102, 227 
short-term Note............................................. 214 
Sierra Leone ............................................. vii, 42 
Similar Law .................................................. 211 
Similar Plan .................................................. 210 
SOFR .............................................................. 67 
SOFR Administrator ....................................... 67 
SOFR Administrator's Website ...................... 67 
SOFR Determination Time ............................. 67 
SOFRi ............................................................. 67 
South Africa ..................................................... 7 
South African rand ......................................... 42 
Specified Time ............................................... 80 
Spot Rate ........................................................ 86 
SPV .............................................................. 133 
Stabilising Manager(s)..................................... iii 
stated redemption price at maturity .............. 213 
sub unit ........................................................... 62 
Subsidiary ....................................................... 60 
Successor Reference Rate ............................... 79 
Talons ............................................................. 52 
Tanzania ...................................................... 7, 42 
TARGET2 System .......................................... 63 
Taxes ............................................................... 89 
TCN .............................................................. 156 
TEFRA C .......................................................... 6 
TEFRA D .......................................................... 6 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ....................... 98 
The Gambia ............................................... vii, 41 
Togo .......................................................... vii, 42 
Tranche ........................................................... 53 
Transaction Party .......................................... 210 
Transfer Agents ............................................... 52 
Transfer Certificate ......................................... 55 
Trust Deed....................................................... 52 
Trustee ........................................................ 3, 52 
Tunisia .................................................. vii, 7, 42 
U.S. ................................................................. 42 
U.S. dollar ....................................................... 42 
U.S. GAAP ..................................................... 39 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ..... 67 
U.S. Holder ................................................... 213 
U.S.$ ............................................................... 42 
UAE .............................................................. 225 
UBA .............................................................. 202 
Uganda ...................................................... vii, 42 
UK ............................................................. 3, 101 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ............................. v 
UK CRA Regulation ......................... 3, 110, 111 
UK MiFIR ......................................................... v 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ............. v 
UK Prospectus Regulation .......................... 3, 42 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ............. 70 
United States ................................................... 42 
UNSC ............................................................ 152 
Valuation Date ................................................ 80 
VAPTs .......................................................... 155 
Volcker Rule ..................................................... 3 
with recourse ................................................... 57 
Y1 ............................................................. 73, 74 
Y2 ............................................................. 73, 74 
Zambia ...................................................... vii, 42 
Zimbabwe ................................................. vii, 42

--- Page 517 ---
10292519675-v37 
 
70-41079910 
 
ISSUER 
Africa Finance Corporation 
3a Osborne Road 
Ikoyi 
Lagos State 
Nigeria 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
First Abu Dhabi Bank 
P.J.S.C. 
FAB Building 
Khalifa Business Park – Al 
Qurm District 
P.O. Box 6316 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan 
25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
 
Rand Merchant Bank, a 
division of FirstRand Bank 
Limited (London Branch) 
Floor 23 
The Broadgate Tower 
20 Primrose Street 
London 
EC2A 2EW  
 
SMBC Nikko Capital 
Markets Limited 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
TRUSTEE 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AND TRANSFER 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENTS 
(for Registered Notes) 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
(for Registered Notes) 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and U.S. law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 518 ---
10292519675-v37 
 
70-41079910 
 
To the Dealers as to English and U.S. law 
To the Dealers as to Nigerian law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
Aluko & Oyebode 
1 Murtala Muhammed Drive 
Ikoyi, Lagos 
Nigeria 
To the Trustee as to English law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
KPMG Professional Services Chartered Accountants 
KPMG Tower 
33 Bishop Aboyade Cole St 
Victoria Island, Lagos 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland