--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
i 
 
 
 
AGENCE FRANÇAISE DE DÉVELOPPEMENT 
Euro 60,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Agence Française de 
Développement ("AFD" or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term 
Notes (the "Notes").  The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 60,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue of any Notes). 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the base prospectus dated 14 June 2022 and all supplements thereto. 
The Notes may be either senior Notes ("Senior Notes") or subordinated Notes ("Subordinated Notes"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. It is 
the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated as Tier 2 Capital (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as may be 
amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), in respect of, and for the purposes of giving information with regard to the Issuer and to the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group") and the Notes which is material to any investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attached to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
The Base Prospectus, as may be supplemented from time to time, received the approval number 22-490 on 16 December 2022 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") and shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) months after its approval by the AMF until 16 
December 2023, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a 
significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the French 
Code monétaire et financier. The AMF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should neither be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Notes will be issued in one or more series (each a "Series"). Each Series of Notes may be issued in one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") on different issue dates 
and on terms otherwise identical (except in relation to the interest commencement dates and matters related thereto). 
Application may be made (i) to the regulated market of Euronext Paris S.A. ("Euronext Paris") for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of twelve 
(12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to any other Regulated 
Market (as defined below) situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted 
to trading on such Regulated Market. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended, 
("EU MiFID II") appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities Markets Authority (a "Regulated Market"). However, Notes issued 
pursuant to the Programme may also be unlisted and not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (forms of which 
are contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated 
Market in the EEA. 
The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the issue date), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. No physical documents of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued 
in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear 
France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depository) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depository bank for Clearstream Banking SA ("Clearstream") or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the 
relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the books 
of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest 
coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be 
exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the 
fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised 
Notes" below) upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche 
intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depository on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a 
clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term Issuer Default Rating of the Issuer assigned by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, French Subsidiary ("Fitch 
Ratings") is AA and the long-term corporate rating of the Issuer assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") is AA. Fitch Ratings has assigned the 
Programme an unsecured long-term rating at AA and the Programme has been rated AA by S&P. Credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have 
been issued by Fitch Ratings and S&P, each of which is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (the "ESMA") 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
is published on the ESMA website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be published on the websites 
of (a) the Issuer (http://www.afd.fr/en/investors-page) and (b), provided they constitute documents on which the AMF has granted an approval, filing or visa number,

--- Page 2 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
ii 
 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and copies of such documents may be obtained free of charge during usual business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and 
at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and each of the Paying Agents. The Final Terms relating to Notes admitted on any Regulated Market in accordance with 
the EU Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on such Regulated Market, on the websites of (a) the Issuer 
((http://www.afd.fr/en/investors-page) and (b) the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Arranger 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank  
Deutsche Bank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
iii 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplement thereto that may be 
published from time to time and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein or therein 
in accordance with article 19 of the EU Prospectus Regulation (see section "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" below), each of which shall be incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information 
on the website which appears in the documents incorporated by reference) unless that information is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of 
the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in section headed 
"Subscription and Sale" below). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it 
is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme 
and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  The Notes have not and will not be registered 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and the Notes include Notes in 
bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder.   
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see section headed "Subscription and Sale" below. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point

--- Page 4 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
iv 
 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made by all relevant Dealers in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the EU MiFID II product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a EU MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor 
or a manufacturer under the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative 5 materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer 
under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(REVISED EDITION 2020) OF SINGAPORE – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore" 
which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the 
"SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to 
"relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the 
purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
CANADA - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as 
principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 
or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

--- Page 5 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
v 
 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-
Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), 
the dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with an offer of Notes. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus 
or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes when such statement is made in reliance 
upon the Base Prospectus and other information provided and/or made available by the Issuer. Each of 
the Arranger and the Dealers accordingly disclaims all and any liability (save as referred to above) which 
it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements or information supplied in connection with the 
Programme (including any information incorporated by reference) are intended to provide the basis of 
any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements 
should purchase the Notes.  Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance 
of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. The contents of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective 
investor should determine for itself and/or consult its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and 
related aspects of an investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Independent review and advice 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on 
its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and 
condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions 
applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that purchase in light of its own 
circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or in any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact of the 
purchase of the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 6 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
vi 
 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for the principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;  
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks, and 
(f) 
be aware that the relevant legislative or regulatory regimes applicable to it may restrict its ability 
to invest in particular types of Notes under the Programme. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help 
of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's 
overall investment portfolio. 
Subordinated Notes are complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors. Each potential investor in the Subordinated Notes should determine the suitability of such 
investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
the risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the 
Subordinated Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) 
to evaluate how the Subordinated Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the market value of the Subordinated Notes, and the impact of this investment on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any SDG 
Bonds, (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated 
"green", or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any 
green criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, 
nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for eligible green assets, any 
verification of whether the eligible green assets meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of 
proceeds of any SDG Bonds (or amounts equal thereto). Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers 
makes any representation as to the suitability or contents of the SDG Bond Framework and the Second 
Party Opinion. The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related 
considerations is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. The Second Party Opinion and any 
other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any 
investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or 
suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
 
Credit ratings  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
assigned to the Notes by the rating agencies are based on the Issuer's financial situation but take into 
account other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the Notes, 
and reflect only the views of the rating agencies. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all 
risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. The ratings address the likelihood of full and timely payment to the 
Noteholders of all payments of interest on each interest payment date and repayment of principal on the 
final payment date. Such ratings may not continue for any period of time or may not be reviewed, revised, 
suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of 
information or if, in the rating agencies' judgement, circumstances so warrant. A credit rating and/or a 
corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time.  In addition, as the Issuer is currently wholly-owned and controlled by 
the French State, a rating downgrade of the Republic of France may lead to a rating downgrade of the 
Issuer and/or the Programme.

--- Page 7 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
vii 
 
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on 
the offered Notes. Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the Issuer may 
affect the market value of the relevant Notes 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  The rating of Notes (if 
any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to 
the Programme.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions.  In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes.  Potential 
investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained in this Base Prospectus and/or in the 
Final Terms but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the 
acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor. This investment consideration has to be read in 
connection with the taxation sections of this Base Prospectus and the additional tax sections, if any, 
contained in the relevant Final Terms. 
Potential investors should be aware that the provisions of the Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 
July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the 
internal market, amended by the Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017, may impact the tax 
treatment of the Issuer or the investors. Potential investors should consult their own professional advisor 
and obtain confirmation of the relevant tax treatment under such provisions. 
In certain circumstances the Notes may be subject to U.S. withholding tax under FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
"FATCA", a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions, including France, have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required 
to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of 
the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would 
not apply prior to 1 January 2019. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
All or some of the Dealers, the Calculation Agent or their respective affiliates have and/or may in the 
future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial 
dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group.

--- Page 8 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
viii 
 
They have or may (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that 
may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) 
act as underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the 
Group or (iii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of 
these transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities 
of the Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. 
Certain of the Dealers, the Calculation Agent or their respective affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers, Calculation Agent and their respective 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers, the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
term "affiliate(s)" also includes parent companies. 
In addition, the Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes 
under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international 
financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, in a wide range of 
banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst they will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, they may in their other 
banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives 
which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes 
or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 9 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
ix 
 
Table of Contents  
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1 
RISK FACTORS 
8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
24 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
32 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
33 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
36 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
80 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
81 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
97 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
102 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
106

--- Page 10 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 1 - 
36-41045817 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description does not purport to be complete, must be read as an introduction to this 
Base Prospectus and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus.  
The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This chapter is subject to the other information provided in this Base Prospectus and is to be read 
as such. This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purpose 
of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as 
amended. It does not purport to be complete, and is not intended to constitute, a summary of this 
Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this summary. 
Issuer: 
Agence Française de Développement (the "Issuer") 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI): 
9695008K5N8MKIT4XJ91 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") 
Use of Proceeds 
As described in the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base 
Prospectus, the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes 
will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be applied by the 
Issuer to finance: 
 
(i) its general corporate activities; or 
(ii) a portfolio of eligible loans which will be used to finance 
eligible climate, social and/or sustainable projects ("Sustainable 
Development Projects") as further described in the AFD SDG 
Bond Framework as of 13 October 2020 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time) available on the website of the 
Issuer, as amended and supplemented from time to time 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2020-10-07-38-47/sdg-bond-
framework-afd.pdf) (the "SDG Bond Framework"); or 
(iii) any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Size: 
Up to Euro 60,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
outstanding at any time. The amount of the Programme may be 
increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, Deutsche Bank Atkiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Morgan 
Stanley Europe SE, Natixis and Société Générale.  
Fiscal Agent:  
BNP Paribas  
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are

--- Page 11 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 2 - 
36-41045817 
 
set out in "Risk Factors - Risks factors relating to the Issuer" in 
this Base Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set 
out in "Risk Factors - Risk factors relating to the Notes" in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes 
may 
be 
issued 
in 
either 
dematerialised 
form 
("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised 
Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) form. No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes. See Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination and Title). 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A 
temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of 
each Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only 
be issued outside France. See Condition 1 (Form, Denomination 
and Title). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series").  Each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on 
different issue dates (each an "Issue Date").  The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the 
principal amount thereof, the issue price, the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches.  The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations.   
Listing and Trading: 
Application may be made (i) to the regulated market of Eurnoext 
Paris S.A. ("Euronext Paris") for Notes issued under the 
Programme during a period of twelve (12) months from the date 
of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus to  be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to any other 
Regulated Market (as defined below) situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on such 
Regulated Market. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended, ("EU MiFID II") appearing on the list 
of regulated markets issued by the European Securities Markets 
Authority (a "Regulated Market"). However, Notes issued 
pursuant to the Programme may also be unlisted and not admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (the 
"Final Terms") (forms of which are contained herein) in respect 
of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes 
will be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant 
Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depository in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes,

--- Page 12 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 3 - 
36-41045817 
 
Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers and specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes may either be senior Notes ("Senior Notes") or 
subordinated Notes ("Subordinated Notes"), in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(1) Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes to be issued under the Programme shall 
constitute direct, unconditional, senior, unsecured (subject to 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and rank at all times (i) pari passu and rateably without 
any preference among themselves and equally with Senior 
Obligations and (ii) senior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case 
subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory 
under French law.  
(2) Subordinated Notes  
The Subordinated Notes to be issued under the Programme shall 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking (i) junior to all Senior Obligations 
of the Issuer, (ii) pari passu and rateably without any preference 
among themselves, (iii) pari passu with any Ordinarily 
Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer and (iv) senior to any 
present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres 
participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply subordinated 
obligations (obligations dites "super subordonnées", i.e. 
engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer. 
In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Obligations, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated 
Notes will be terminated. 
The holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be responsible for 
taking all steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any 
collective proceedings in relation to any claims they may have 
against the Issuer. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes, for 
regulatory purposes, be treated as Tier 2 Capital. 
Negative Pledge: 
(1) Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge as further 
described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
(2) Subordinated Notes  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
Events of Default and 
Enforcement: 
(1) Senior Notes

--- Page 13 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 4 - 
36-41045817 
 
There will be events of default in respect of the Senior Notes as 
further described in Condition 11 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
(2) Subordinated Notes 
There will be no events of default in relation to the Subordinated 
Notes. However, each Subordinated Note shall immediately 
become due and repayable at its principal amount together with 
interest accrued to the date of repayment, if any, on a Repayment 
Event. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Maturity Date"). In the case of Subordinated Notes, the Maturity 
Date shall be at least five years after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche). 
Redemption and Purchase: 
(1) Senior Notes 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the Senior Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
following a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event or an Event 
of Default) or that the Senior Notes will be redeemable before their 
maturity following the exercise of a Call Option or a Put Option. 
The Issuer may also purchase and cancel Senior Notes. 
(2) Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
(subject to certain conditions including in particular the prior 
approval of the Relevant Regulator) at the option of the Issuer (i) 
if a Call Option is exercised or (ii) in the case of (a) a Withholding 
Tax Event, (b) a Gross-Up Event, (c) a Tax Deductibility Event or 
(d) a Capital Event. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing.  Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. Notes may have 
a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest, or both, 
provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less 
than zero. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 5 - 
36-41045817 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms applicable to a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by the FBF Definitions (as defined in section 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes"); or  
(b) on the same basis as the floating rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms applicable to a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined in section "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes"); or 
(c) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service,  
in each case adjusted by reference to any applicable margin. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert on the date 
set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Currency Linked Interest 
Notes: 
Currency Linked Interest Notes bear interest of which the amount 
payable is calculated on a Currency Exchange Rate Valuation 
Date by reference to a single currency rate of exchange or basket 
of currency rates of exchange as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Currency Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
Principal payable on Currency Linked-Redemption Notes is 
calculated on a Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date by 
reference to a single currency rate of exchange or basket of 
currency rates of exchange as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined 
(except for SOFR) by reference to the original benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative 
benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the 
terms of such Series of Notes and, potentially, the application of 
an adjustment spread, which could be negative or positive). See 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) (Benchmark Discontinuation) for further 
information. 
Denominations: 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in 
the relevant Final Terms, save that the Notes admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
shall have a minimum specified denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency), or such higher amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary

--- Page 15 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 6 - 
36-41045817 
 
or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 
of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
Rating: 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term Issuer Default 
Rating of the Issuer assigned by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, 
French Subsidiary ("Fitch Ratings") is AA and the long-term 
corporate rating of the Issuer assigned by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P") is AA. Fitch Ratings has assigned the 
Programme an unsecured long-term rating at AA and the 
Programme has been rated AA by S&P.  Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Each of S&P and Fitch Ratings is established in the European 
Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with EU CRA Regulation. The relevant Final Terms 
will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
relevant rating organisation. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Issuer or the Programme. The ratings of the Notes, if any, are 
expected to be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd, in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the ratings to be issued by S&P 
and Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 16 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 7 - 
36-41045817 
 
Governing 
Law 
and 
jurisdiction: 
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, French law. 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, 
Coupons or Talons will be submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
competent courts in Paris.  
Method of Publication: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and 
any documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
will be published on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.afd.fr) 
and (b), provided they constitute documents on which the AMF 
has granted an approval, filing or visa number, the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and copies of such documents may be 
obtained free of charge during usual business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of the 
Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents. The Final Terms relating to 
Notes admitted on any Regulated Market in accordance with the 
EU Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on such Regulated Market, on the websites 
of (a) the Issuer (www.afd.fr) and (b) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org).  
Selling Restrictions: 
Restrictions may apply to the offer, sale or delivery of Notes and 
on the distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions.  
See section "Subscription and Sale" below.   
The Notes constitute Category 2 securities for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Representation of 
Noteholders 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (in each case, the "Masse") which will be governed by 
the provisions of Article L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
Commerce as amended and supplemented by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part 
through a representative (the "Representative") and in part 
through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions").

--- Page 17 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 8 - 
36-41045817 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In section 1 below, the Issuer presents the significant risk factors to which it believes it is exposed as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. The risk factors considered to be the most important, based on the probability 
of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact and after consideration of the 
effects of the measures implemented by the Issuer in order to manage these risk factors, are mentioned first 
in their respective category.  
In section 2 below, the Issuer presents the risk factors which it believes are specific to the Notes and 
material for an informed investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the 
Programme. In each category, the Issuer sets out the material risks in descending order of importance, 
taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. 
Investors are invited to read carefully the information provided in the risk factors before investing in the 
Notes. Investors’ attention is drawn to the fact that other risks, not identified as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus or whose realisation is not considered likely to have, as at this same date, a significant negative 
impact on the Issuer's business, financial situation and results, its perspectives, its development and/or on 
the Notes, may exist or occur. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of any documents incorporated by 
reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, 
investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with the investment 
in a particular series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular 
circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in the other sections of this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning 
in this section. 
 
1. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
AFD's activities focus mainly on the financing of development projects in foreign countries and in the 
French Overseas Territories. The various risks associated with this financial activity and with the countries 
of operation must be strictly monitored. These various risk factors are therefore monitored and managed 
according to the nature of the risk and according to the geographical region concerned.  
Please note that, although monitored and managed, the risks described on pages 88 to 95 of the French 
language Document d'enregsitrement universel of the Issuer for the financial year 2021 (the "2021 
Universal Regsitration Document") which was filed with the AMF on 28 April 2022 under registration 
number D. 21-0333 and which pages are incorporated by reference herein in the section "Documents 
incorporated by reference" below and those corresponding to the classification provided for by the 
Ministerial Order (Arrêté) dated 3 November 2014 cannot be totally eliminated. 
2. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following paragraphs describe the main risk factors that are considered material for prospective 
investors in order to assess the market risk associated with the Notes. They do not describe all the risks of 
an investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers 
about risks associated with investment in the Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of 
their particular circumstances. 
A. Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves a credit risk on the Issuer. The Notes may be either Subordinated Notes 
or Senior Notes benefiting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees. Therefore the Noteholders 
can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The value of the Notes 
will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as may be impacted by the risks related to the Issuer as 
described above). If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholders 
could be significant: a deterioration in creditworthiness could give rise to negative repercussions on the 
Noteholders because (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the

--- Page 18 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 9 - 
36-41045817 
 
Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Change of law may occur in the future that will impact the conditions of the Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on French law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change in French 
law or the official application or interpretation of French law after the date of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such decision or change could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If 
any change in law were unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have an adverse or a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes (depending on the nature of the change) and 
could have potentially serious negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. The risk 
of changes in law is higher for Notes with longer maturities. 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Condition 12(d) (Collective Decisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for 
calling meetings or decisions of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally including 
without limitation the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (subject to the limitations 
provided by French law).  
These provisions permit, in certain cases, defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority, and Noteholders who did not respond to or rejected the relevant 
Written Decision (each as defined in Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). 
Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the limitations provided by French law. If a proposal is duly 
adopted through such a Collective Decision and such modification were to impair or limit the rights of the 
Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes.  
B. Risks related to the structure and the characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of a wide range of Notes with varying 
structures and features. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders, 
depending on the specific structures and features of such Notes. A description of the most material risks 
associated with such structures and features is set out below: 
Interest rate risks 
Risks related to Fixed Rate Notes  
Condition 5(a) (Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate 
of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that 
subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes and 
potentially decrease the yield. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost 
upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of 
the capital invested. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the 
market value of the relevant Tranche of Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes.  
Risks related to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) (Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a floating 
rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) 
which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Therefore, the amount of interest payable by the

--- Page 19 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 10 - 
36-41045817 
 
Issuer may vary and Noteholders may receive no interest. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, 
it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting 
of the reference rate and the relevant margin, being lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no 
event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. The interest amount payable on any Interest 
Payment Date may be different from the amount pauable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date 
and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if 
a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to 
determine a definitive yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing.  
Risks related to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that 
is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa. Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest 
at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final Terms.  The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. Any such volatility 
may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes.  
Investors should also refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating 
Rate Notes" above. 
Risks related to Zero Coupon Notes  
Condition 5(c) (Zero Coupon Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes. Zero Coupon Notes are 
subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. Changes in market rates of interest have a 
substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes 
because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par.  If market rates of interest increase, Zero 
Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating.  
Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to 
higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating 
Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Risks related to Currency Linked Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 7 (Currency Linked Notes), the Issuer may issue Notes (i) bearing interest of which 
the amount payable is calculated by reference to a single currency rate of exchange or basket of currency 
rates of exchange as specified in the relevant Final Terms ("Currency Linked Interest Notes") and (ii) 
with principal of which the amount payable is calculated by reference to a single currency rate of exchange 
or basket of currency rates of exchange as specified in the relevant Final Terms ("Currency Linked 
Redemption Notes" and, together with a Currency Linked Interest Note, a "Currency Linked Notes"). 
The applicable currency rate(s) of exchange may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. 
Currency Linked Notes have a different risk profile to ordinary debt securities. Fluctuations in exchange 
rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) will affect the value of the investment return on the 
Currency Linked Notes. The market price of such Notes may be volatile and, may depend upon the time 
remaining to the redemption date and the volatility of currency exchange rates. Movements in currency

--- Page 20 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 11 - 
36-41045817 
 
exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in currency 
exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
The performance of currency values is dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the 
international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in 
the countries concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks, regardless of 
other market forces. Where the Currency Linked Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency 
or linked to one or more emerging market currencies, such emerging market currency or currencies can 
experience significantly more volatility and less certainty with respect to their future levels or the rate of 
exchange against other currencies than currencies or more developed markets. Emerging market currencies 
are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis happening in the future and this could trigger the need 
for the Calculation Agent to make adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes. 
As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in currency exchange rates may adversely 
affect the value of Currency Linked Notes and as a result, could lose all or part of their investment. 
If in respect of Currency Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event 
(as defined in Condition 7(b)) has occurred or is continuing, then, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
it is unable to determine the relevant rate(s) of exchange, the Issuer may either require the Calculation 
Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions as it considers appropriate to account for any such Market 
Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective or give notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Currency Linked Notes, at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b)). 
Currency Linked Notes are volatile investments which are particularly susceptible to disadvantageous 
changes in exchange rates. Therefore, investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the redemption, 
exercise or sale of Currency Linked Notes into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in the 
exchange rates between their home currency and the relevant currency (or basket of currencies). 
Risks relating to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to reference rates that constitute "benchmarks", including the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", such "benchmarks" 
are the subject of ongoing national, international and other regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to change their methodology or other terms, 
to disappear entirely or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes (including the value and/or liquidity thereof and/or the return 
thereon) referencing such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark, within the European Union. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the 
Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 and further amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation"). The Amending 
Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021 and introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation 
or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a 
statutory replacement for (i) benchmarks designated as critical that may affect the stability of financial 
markets in the European Union, and other relevant benchmarks, if their cessation or wind-down would 
significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European Union, (ii) third-country

--- Page 21 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 12 - 
36-41045817 
 
benchmarks if their cessation or wind-down would significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets 
in the European Union or pose a systemic risk to the financial system in the European Union, and (iii) 
benchmarks designated as critical in a Member State by a national laws, such replacement being restricted 
to contracts and financial instruments which do not contain fallback provisions or suitable fallback 
provisions and have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For 
instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which 
significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation 
is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated.  
The statutory replacement of a benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, any Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end 
of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. 
The Benchmark Regualtion applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 
5(b)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) which seek to offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the 
Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on the market value and return of any Notes linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular in any of the following circumstances: 
- 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions 
do not apply; and 
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the relevant "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the relevant "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, which are linked to or which reference such benchmark 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Notes 
or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be (please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event" could have a material adverse effect on the value and of the return on any Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmark" below). However, such fallback provisions may be

--- Page 22 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 13 - 
36-41045817 
 
deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further 
explained below. 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be 
relying upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate 
Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for 
the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value and of the 
return on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, linked to or 
referencing such "benchmark" 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) provides for certain fallback arrangements set out in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) in the event that Screen Rate Determination is specified to tbe "Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms and a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as 
EURIBOR), or other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, 
becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer 
permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floatting Rate Notes, as the 
case may be, by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)), with or without the 
application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied 
with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper 
operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser (as 
defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate. In addition, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with any other 
related adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of such Notes which are made in order 
to give effect to any Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate. 
In certain circumstances, as specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(D), including (i) where no Independent Adviser 
has been appointed or Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, (ii) due to 
uncertainty relating to the availability of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or (iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, if an Independent Adviser is appointed, such 
Independent Adviser is unable to act, the fallback rules may not apply as expected at the relevant time. In 
such a scenario, alternative fallback rules may be applied, resulting in the rate of interest for such Interest 
Period being based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms), as set out in the risk factor entitled "Risks related to the regulation and reform 
of "benchmarks" above. In addition, due to uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and 
Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
It is possible that, if a Benchmark Event occurs, it will take some time before a clear successor or alternative 
reference rate is established in the market. Accordingly, Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(6) provides as a further 
fallback that, following the designation of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, if the Independent Adviser 
determines that the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor reference rate, the Issuer shall appoint 
or re-appoint an Independent Adviser for the purpose of confirming the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
or determining a substitute Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(D). 
If the Independent Adviser is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will remain unchanged despite the fact that it

--- Page 23 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 14 - 
36-41045817 
 
may no longer be substantially comparable to the Original Reference Rate or that it may no longer constitute 
an industry accepted rate, which may have a negative effect on the market value and yield of the Notes.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to 
determine or measure. In addition, the replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued 
benchmark. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical 
and expected performance of the relevant benchmark. Any adjustment factor applied to any Series of Notes 
may not adequately compensate for this impact. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading 
value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based 
on the Relevant Screen Page may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing 
such hedges with instruments tied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
In addition, in the case where the application of Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) would result in a Capital Event, as 
defined in Condition 6(d), Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) will not apply and the fallback provisions included in 
Conditions 5(b)(iii)(A), (B) and (C) will apply.  
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, linked to or referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note 
that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
consequences and due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be 
favourable to each Noteholder.  
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and yield on, any such 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, or have other significant adverse 
effects or unforeseen consequences. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" because the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in a loss of a portion of the 
principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case 
may be. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as reference rate for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be 
Pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, may specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the SOFR as reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR, including 
term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR 
rate over a designated term). The continued development of SOFR rates as interest reference rates for the 
Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SOFR based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of 
the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing SOFR.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes 
referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the Notes.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may

--- Page 24 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 15 - 
36-41045817 
 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing SOFR. 
SOFR differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history 
Pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may 
specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR. 
SOFR differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SOFR is a backwards-looking, 
compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR 
and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR 
is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform 
differently over time to LIBOR which is an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began 
on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SOFR in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The 
future performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of  SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical 
level of  SOFR.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference 
Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become 
due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement), 
or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately 
prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of  SOFR may make changes that could change the value of  SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR 
Pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, may specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to SOFR. 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may, after the relevant Issue 
Date, make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes 
related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. In addition, the administrator may, after the 
relevant Issue Date, alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR (in which case  the 
fallback methods of determining the interest rate on the Notes specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR.  
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of the SOFR is 
subject to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may 
alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR at 
any time without notice. In addition, SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based 
on data received from other sources. The SOFR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. If the manner in which the SOFR is calculated 
is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or 
elimination of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of the Notes 
which would negatively impact the Noteholders who could lose part of their investment.

--- Page 25 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 16 - 
36-41045817 
 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
Pursuant to Condition 3(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Subordinated 
Notes. It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated 
as Tier 2 Capital. The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes are unsecured and subordinated 
and will rank junior to unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and creditors in respect of all other obligations 
expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes, as more fully described in Condition 3 (Status). 
In the event of the dissolution of the Issuer, the rights of payment of the holders of the Subordinated Notes 
will be subordinated to the payment in full of unsubordinated creditors and any other creditors that are 
senior to the holders of the Subordinated Notes. In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated 
creditors and any other creditors that are senior to the holders of Subordinated Notes upon the dissolution 
of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes will be terminated by 
operation of law. 
Although the Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a higher risk that investors in the Subordinated Notes will lose all or a significant part 
of their investment should the Issuer be dissolved. 
Absence of negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
There is no negative pledge in respect of Subordinated Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
place no restrictions on the incurrence by the Issuer of additional obligations that rank pari passu with, or 
senior to, the Notes. The Issuer may pledge assets to secure other notes or debt instruments without granting 
an equivalent pledge or security interest and status to the Subordinated Notes. Such pledge or security 
interest will not be granted to the holders of such Notes and such Noteholders will not benefit from 
protection that would secure the ranking of the Notes. As a consequence, the Issuer's ability to service its 
debt obligations, including those of the Subordinted Notes, might be affected and this could have a negative 
impact of the holders of such Notes. As a result, such Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
Absence of events of default in respect of the Subordinated Notes  
Pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Events of Default and Enforcement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
there are no events of default in respect of the Subordinated Notes. In no event will holders of Subordinated 
Notes be able to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, in the event that any 
payment on the Subordinated Notes is not made when due, the holders will have claims only for amounts 
then due and payable on their Subordinated Notes. 
Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of Subordinated Notes for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce such payment, which could be time-consuming and costly. This could result in significant delays 
in the payment of interest or principal and could have an adverse impact on the Noteholders seeking 
repayment. As a result, holders of Subordinated Notes could lose all or part of their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. However, in the case of dissolution of the Issuer, the Subordinated Notes would 
become immediately due and payable. 
The Issuer is subject to specific rules applicable to EPICs, which are legal entities governed by public law. 
In particular, EPICs' assets may not be seized (as the Cour de cassation clearly stated it in a decision dated 
21 December 1987). As a result, the Issuer is not subject to ordinary enforcement procedures. It is subject 
to Law n°80-539 of 16 July 1980 on the penalties imposed in administrative matters and on the execution 
of judgments by legal entities governed by public law. Article 1, paragraph 2 of such law provides that 
when EPICs are ordered to pay a sum of money by a final court decision, they must register this sum in 
their budget or authorise its payment within two months from the notification of the court’s decision. If an 
EPIC fails to do so, the French Government must substitute itself for the EPIC in order (i) to register 
automatically the debts in the budget of the EPIC or (ii) to plan new resources to pay the debts (in the 
budget of the EPIC, in principle). 
Early redemption risks in relation to the Subordinated Notes

--- Page 26 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 17 - 
36-41045817 
 
 
Subject to the satisfaction of Condition 6(i) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of 
Subordinated Notes), the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes, on any applicable call date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Issuer may also, at its option and subject to the satisfaction of Condition 6(i) (Additional conditions to 
redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes), redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part 
upon the occurrence of certain events, including a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event, a Tax 
Deductibility Event or a Capital Event, all as further described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase, 
Options) of the Conditions. Such redemption options will be exercised at the principal amount of such 
Subordinated Notes together with interest accrued to the date of redemption (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any interest accrued thereon at such date).  
 
The optional redemption feature of the Subordinated Notes may affect the market value of the Subordinated 
Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value 
of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. If the Issuer elects to redeem the Subordinated Notes, Noteholders may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield.  
The Subordinated Notes may be undated securities with no specified maturity date 
The Subordinated Notes may be undated securities with no fixed redemption or maturity date. The Issuer 
is under no obligation to redeem the Undated Subordinated Notes, as defined in Condition 3(b) 
(Subordinated Notes), at any time. The Noteholders will have no right to require the redemption of the 
Undated Subordinated Notes except if the Issuer is liquidated. Therefore, prospective investors may be 
required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Undated Subordinated Notes for an indefinite 
period, and consequently that they may lose part of or their entire investment. 
Early redemption risks  
The Notes may be redeemed for tax reasons prior to maturity 
In the event that, pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), the Issuer would be 
obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the jurisdiction of the Issuer or a political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with this Condition. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above 
the price set for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders’ anticipated returns would be 
significant. In addition, if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes, holders of Notes may receive less than the 
full amount due, and the market value of such Notes will be adversely affected. As a consequence, 
Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue 
of Notes, could cause the yield actually received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer, 
pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer).  Such right of termination is often 
provided for bonds or notes in periods of high rates of interest.  If the market rates of interest decrease, the 
risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of termination increases.  As a consequence, the 
yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes 
may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder (specified as the "Issue Price" 
in the relevant Final Terms).  As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, 
so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested.  In addition, 
investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only 
in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
Such right of early redemption, if provided in the relevant Final Terms relating to a particular issue of Notes, 
could cause the expected yield in respect of the Notes to be considerably less than anticipated. See "Partial

--- Page 27 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 18 - 
36-41045817 
 
redemption of Notes at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the Noteholders may make the market 
illiquid" for risks relating to partial redemption. 
A partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or a redemption at the option of the Noteholders may affect 
the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Final Terms for a particular issue may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer or at the 
option of the Noteholders. Depending on the nominal amount of Notes of the same Series in respect of 
which a partial redemption of the Notes at the option of the Noteholders, pursuant to Condition 6(f) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) or at the option of the Issuer, pursuant to Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of 
which such option is not exercised may become less liquid or illiquid, which, depending on the extent of 
the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose 
of their Notes. In such circumstances, the market value of the Notes in respect of which such option is not 
exercised may be negatively affected and Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption shall be effected, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount redeemed and in the case of Materialised Notes, the Fiscal Agent shall make 
the drawing that is required in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC; there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each of which may 
adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes, out of the PRC to service Renminbi Notes. 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi (the "Renminbi Notes").  
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items.  
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People’s Bank of China (the "PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalise control 
over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border 
utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future 
which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. 
Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, the PRC Government may impose 
interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi.  
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the 
Renminbi Notes may be negatively affected. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US 
Dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the Renminbi Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose 
part of their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing 
exchange rate at that time. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes

--- Page 28 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 19 - 
36-41045817 
 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes will be Renminbi 
Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and 
is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although 
PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi . The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints 
imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC law and regulations may be 
promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be terminated or amended in the future, each of which 
may have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is 
required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service the Renminbi Notes, the Issuer may not  able 
to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, 
such as US Dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the Renminbi Notes, the relevant Noteholders 
may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, depending on the 
prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes will be Renminbi 
Notes. 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. 
This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in 
that foreign currency will decline. As a result, Noteholders could be negatively impacted as they may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal and lose part of or their entire 
investment. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes will be Renminbi 
Notes. 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in 
Condition 8(i)), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days' 
irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in U.S. 
dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in Condition 8(i)) of any such interest or

--- Page 29 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 20 - 
36-41045817 
 
principal, as the case may be. As a consequence, payments of interest or principal will be subject to currency 
risk as further described in "Exchange rate risks and exchange controls" below and payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. Noteholders could be negatively 
impacted as they may receive less interest or principal than expected.  
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Renminbi 
Notes 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes will be Renminbi 
Notes. 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations or by transfer 
through the Cross-Border Interbank Payment System in accordance with relevant rules and regulations, if 
so specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means 
(including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). If the custody and holding 
arrangements with respect to a Noteholder's Renminbi Notes do not comply with the foregoing, such 
Noteholders may not receive timely payments in respect of Renminbi Notes, which could negatively affect 
such Noteholders' return. 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes will be Renminbi 
Notes. 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual Noteholders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") 
or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the 
PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains 
derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation 
rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 
20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual Noteholder from the 
transfer of Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual Noteholders would be treated as income derived from sources within 
the PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, Noteholders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Noteholders and 
individual Noteholders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange 
of the Notes.  
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident Noteholders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay 
PRC income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax 
treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual Noteholders of 
Renminbi Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in 
Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected. 
The use of proceeds of the Notes may not be a suitable investment criteria for Noteholders seeking 
exposure to assets of a social, sustainable or green nature 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes to a portfolio of eligible loans 
which will be used to finance eligible climate, social and/or sustainable projects ("Sustainable 
Development Projects") as further described in the AFD Sustainable Development Goal ("SDG") Bond 
Framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the "SDG Bond Framework") available 
on the website of the Issuer (https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2020-10-07-38-47/sdg-bond-framework-
afd.pdf) to finance or refinance, in part or in full new and existing Sustainable Development Projects ("SDG 
Bonds").

--- Page 30 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 21 - 
36-41045817 
 
The use of such proceeds for any Sustainable Development Projects (as indicated in the "Use of proceeds" 
paragraph in the relevant Final Terms and as more fully described in the SDG Bond Framework) may not 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Sustainable 
Development Projects. Investors should note that reporting on the proceeds of any issuance of SDG Bonds 
will relate to the allocation of proceeds to the portfolio of eligible loans rather than to any specific 
Sustainable Development Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", 
"social", "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as "green", "social", "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any 
assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, Sustainable Development Projects may not meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives and adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts may occur occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Sustainable Development Projects.  
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing 
or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Sustainable Development Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings 
or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Sustainable 
Development Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Sustainable Development Projects may not be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and 
that accordingly such proceeds will not be totally or partially disbursed for such Sustainable Development 
Projects. Sustainable Development Projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to sustainable development) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any failure by the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of the Notes (or an amount 
equal thereto) for Sustainable Development Projects could have an adverse impact on its reputation and its 
ability to access green or sustainable financing markets in the future. 
The second party opinion provided by Vigéo Eiris (the "Second Party Opinion") on the Issuer's SDG Bond 
Framework is only current as at the date it is released and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by 
Vigéo Eiris at any time. Material changes to, or withdrawal of, the Second Party Opinion may affect the 
value of the Notes and may have consequences for investors with portfolio mandates to invest in assets of 
a social, sustainable or green nature. Currently the providers of evaluations are not subject to any specific 
regulatory regime or other oversight.  
It would not be an Event of Default under the Notes if the Issuer were to fail to observe the use of proceeds 
of the Notes (or amounts equivalent thereto) as specified in this Base Prospectus or to fulfil its intentions 
as regards reporting. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes to Sustainable Development Projects 
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Sustainable

--- Page 31 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 22 - 
36-41045817 
 
Development Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
C. Risks related to the traded market of the Notes 
Market value of the Notes 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant stock exchange where the Notes 
will be admitted to trading. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder 
to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchanges. Therefore, 
the market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of 
additional factors, including the value of any inflation linked index, including, but not limited to, the 
volatility of such index, or market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. If 
the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, and factors affecting capital markets in general Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market or the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at 
which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. The historical level of the 
inflation linked index should not be taken as an indication of such index's future performance during the 
term of any Note. 
Liquidity risks/trading market for the Notes 
The Programme allows for Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other stock 
exchanges. Nevertheless, an active trading market for the Notes may not develop, or, if one does develop, 
that it may not be maintained.  If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, 
the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected.  Therefore, investors may 
not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in 
low trading volumes. The degree of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an 
investor can dispose of the Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. 
In such circumstances, the impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely 
have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the Notes.  
The market for debt securities issued by issuers is influenced by a number of factors such as general 
economic and market conditions and, to varying degrees, rates of interest, currency exchange rates and 
inflation rates in other European and other industrialised countries.  Events in France, Europe or elsewhere 
could cause market volatility which may adversely affect the price of Notes.  
The Issuer is entitled to buy the Notes, as described in Condition 6(g) (Purchases), and the Issuer may issue 
further notes, as described in Condition 14 (Further Issues).  Such transactions may adversely affect the 
price development of the Notes.  If additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this 
may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each a "Specified Currency" which 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the 
Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. 
Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political events over

--- Page 32 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 23 - 
36-41045817 
 
which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of 
Specified Currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect 
of such Note.  As a result, Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent principally 
in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be very negatively impacted 
as they may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a 
significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is 
not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 33 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 24 - 
36-41045817 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the information contained in the 
sections of the documents mentioned below which is incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus. Only the sections referred to below shall be deemed as incorporated by reference in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of the documents mentioned below are 
either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
(a) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the the 2022 half-year financial report in the 
French language, which contains inter alia the Issuer's 2022 consolidated half year accounts 
(including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) (the "2022 Half-Year Financial Report") 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2022-09-09-57-53/rapport-financier-semestriel-juin-2022.pdf); 
(b) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the Document d'Enregistrement Universel 
in the French language relating to the Issuer filed with the AMF on 28 April 2022 under no. D.22-
0377 (the "2021 Universal Registration Document"), which contains the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the year ending, 31 December 2021 
(https://www.afd.fr/fr/ressources/document-enregistrement-universel-2021);  
(c) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the Document d'Enregistrement Universel 
in the French language relating to the Issuer filed with the AMF on 20 April 2021 under no. D.21-
0333 (the "2020 Universal Registration Document"), which contains the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the year ending, 31 December 2020 
(https://www.afd.fr/fr/ressources/document-enregistrement-universel-
2020?origin=/fr/ressources-accueil);  
(d) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the following base prospectuses (together 
the"EMTN Previous Conditions") relating to the Programme included in: 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 15 June 2016 which received the visa no. 16-0252 on 15 June 2016 from the AMF (the 
"2016 Base Prospectus") (https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2017-07/AFD-Base-Prospectus-
2016.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 9 June 2017 which received the visa no. 17-0265 on 9 June 2017 from the AMF (the 
"2017 Base Prospectus") (https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2017-07/AFD-Base-Prospectus-
2017.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 22 May 2018 which received the visa no. 18-192 on 22 May 2018 from the AMF (the 
"2018 Base Prospectus") (https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2018-05-04-55-51/AFD-EMTN-
programme-2018-base-prospectus.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 17 May 2019 which received the visa no. 19-212 on 17 May 2019 from the AMF (the 
"2019 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2019-06-04-05-
52/communication-financiere-afd-programme-emtn.pdf);  
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 12 June 2020 which received the visa no. 20-252 on 12 June 2020 from the AMF (the 
"2020 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2020-06-09-40-
11/communication-financiere-programme-emission-titres-moyen-terme-EMTN-2020.pdf);  
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 14 June 2021 which received the visa no. 21-222 on 14 June 2021 from the AMF (the 
"2021 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2021-06-08-37-13/emtn-
programme-update%202021-base-prospectus.pdf); and

--- Page 34 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 25 - 
36-41045817 
 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 14 June 2022 which received the visa no. 22-210 on 14 June 2022 from the AMF (the 
"June 
2022 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2022-06-02-22-
09/programme-emission-titres-moyen-terme-2022.pdf). 
The 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document have been 
previously published and have been filed with the AMF for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The 2022 Half-Year Financial Report, the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that: 
(a) 
the non-incorporated parts of the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report, the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document are either not relevant for 
investors or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus; and 
(b) 
any statement contained in the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report, the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that (i) 
a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise) or (ii) it is modified or incorporated by way of a supplement prepared in 
accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information 
on the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on 
the websites which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report, 
the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document will be available 
free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for 
inspection and for collection at the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents and on the website of 
the Issuer (http://www.afd.fr/home/AFD/finances). For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus, the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
Free English translations of 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document and the 2022 Half-Year Financial Report are also available for viewing on the website of the 
Issuer (http://www.afd.fr/home/AFD/finances). These documents are free translations of the corresponding 
French language documents and are furnished for information purposes only and are not incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. The only binding versions are the French language versions. 
The Final Terms related to the Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites 
of (x) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (http://www.afd.fr/home/AFD/finances). If the 
Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms 
will provide whether additional methods of publication are required and what they consist of. 
The relevant documents and page references for the information incorporated by reference herein in 
response to the specific requirements of Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, as 
amended, are as follows:

--- Page 35 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 26 - 
36-41045817 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Rule 
Information 
Page 
in 
2022 
Half-Year 
Financial Report 
Page 
in 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
Page 
in 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material 
risks that are specific to the 
issuer and that may affect 
the issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the 
securities. 
 
Pages 88-95 
 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of 
the Issuer 
 
 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer 
 
Page 10 
 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of 
the Issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity 
identifier ('LEI'). 
 
Page 10 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation 
and the length of life of the 
Issuer, except where the 
period is indefinite. 
 
Page 10 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form 
of the Issuer, the legislation 
under which the Issuer 
operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its 
registered 
office 
(or 
principal place of business if 
different from its registered 
office) and website of the 
Issuer, 
if 
any, 
with 
a 
disclaimer 
that 
the 
information on the website 
does not form part of the 
Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated 
 
Page 10

--- Page 36 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 27 - 
36-41045817 
 
Rule 
Information 
Page 
in 
2022 
Half-Year 
Financial Report 
Page 
in 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
Page 
in 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular 
to the Issuer and which are 
to a material extent relevant 
to an evaluation of the 
Issuer's solvency. 
Page 6  
Pages 114 to 115 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the 
Issuer's principal activities 
stating the main categories 
of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
 
Pages 12 to 14 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements 
made by the Issuer regarding 
its competitive position. 
 
N/A 
 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a 
group, a brief description of 
the group and the Issuer's 
position within the group. 
This may be in the form of, 
or 
accompanied 
by, 
a 
diagram 
of 
the 
organizational structure if 
this helps to clarify the 
structure. 
 
Pages 17 to 20 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses 
and functions within the 
Issuer of the following 
persons and an indication of 
 
Pages 76 to 80

--- Page 37 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 28 - 
36-41045817 
 
Rule 
Information 
Page 
in 
2022 
Half-Year 
Financial Report 
Page 
in 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
Page 
in 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
the 
principal 
activities 
performed by them outside 
of that Issuer where these 
are significant with respect 
to that Issuer: 
a) members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory bodies; 
b) partners 
with 
unlimited liability, 
in the case of a 
limited partnership 
with a share capital. 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management, 
and 
supervisory bodies conflicts 
of interests. 
Potential 
conflicts 
of 
interests between any duties 
to the Issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and 
their private interests and or 
other duties must be clearly 
stated. In the event that there 
are no such conflicts, a 
statement to that effect must 
be made. 
 
Page 81 
10 
MAJOR 
SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the 
Issuer, state whether the 
Issuer 
is 
directly 
or 
indirectly 
owned 
or 
controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such 
control and describe the 
measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not 
abused. 
 
Page 10

--- Page 38 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 29 - 
36-41045817 
 
Rule 
Information 
Page 
in 
2022 
Half-Year 
Financial Report 
Page 
in 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
Page 
in 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND 
PROFITS 
AND 
LOSSES 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical 
financial 
information covering the 
latest two financial years (at 
least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the Issuer 
has been in operation and 
the audit report in respect of 
each year. 
 
Pages 116 to 216 
Pages 112 to 209 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
Pages 18 to 20 
Pages 131 to 133 
Pages 128 to 129 
11.1.5 
Consolidated 
financial 
statements 
If the Issuer prepares both 
stand-alone 
and 
consolidated 
financial 
statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial 
statements in the registration 
document. 
Pages 13 to 59 
Pages 124 to 174 
Pages 120 to 168 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the 
last year of audited financial 
information may not be 
older than 18 months from 
the date of the registration 
document 
 
Page 124 
 
11.2 
Auditing 
of 
historical 
financial information

--- Page 39 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 30 - 
36-41045817 
 
Rule 
Information 
Page 
in 
2022 
Half-Year 
Financial Report 
Page 
in 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
Page 
in 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
11.2.1 
The 
historical 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited. The 
audit 
report 
shall 
be 
prepared in accordance with 
the Directive 2014/56/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014. 
 
Pages 175 to 179 
Pages 169 to 173 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the 
historical 
financial 
information 
have 
been 
refused by the statutory 
auditors 
or 
where 
they 
contain 
qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter, the reason must be 
given, 
and 
such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter must 
be reproduced in full. 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
11.3 
Legal 
and 
arbitration 
proceedings 
 
 
 
11.3.1 
Information 
on 
any 
governmental, 
legal 
or 
arbitration 
proceedings 
(including 
any 
such 
proceedings 
which 
are 
pending or threatened of 
which the issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at 
least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have 
had in the recent past 
significant effects on the 
Issuer 
and/or 
group's 
financial 
position 
or 
profitability, or provide an 
appropriate 
negative 
statement.  
 
Page 110

--- Page 40 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 31 - 
36-41045817 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued 
under the 2016 Base Prospectus, the 2017 Base Prospectus, the 2018 Base Prospectus the 2019 Base 
Prospectus, the 2020 Base Prospectus, the 2021 Base Prospectus and the June 2022 Base Prospectus only. 
Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference 
Page reference  
June 2022 Base Prospectus 
Pages 34 to 78 
2021 Base Prospectus  
Pages 42 to 85 
2020 Base Prospectus  
Pages 33 to 65 
2019 Base Prospectus  
Pages 20 to 47 
2018 Base Prospectus  
Pages 17 to 40 
2017 Base Prospectus  
Pages 22 to 46 
2016 Base Prospectus  
Pages 54 to 78 
Non-incorporated parts of the June 2022 Base Prospectus, 2021 Base Prospectus, 2020 Base Prospectus, 
2019 Base Prospectus, 2018 Base Prospectus, 2017 Base Prospectus and 2016 Base Prospectus are not 
relevant for investors.

--- Page 41 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 32 - 
36-41045817 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the AMF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare and 
make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire on 16 December 2023 and the 
obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy will no longer apply . 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and the Issuer (www.afd.fr) and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and 
free of charge, during usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 42 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 33 - 
36-41045817 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be 
applied by the Issuer to finance: 
(i) its general corporate activities; or 
(ii) a portfolio of eligible loans which will be used to finance eligible climate, social and/or sustainable 
projects ("Sustainable Development Projects") as further described in the AFD SDG Bond Framework 
as of 13 October 2020 (as amended or supplemented from time to time) available on the website of the 
Issuer (https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2020-10-07-38-47/sdg-bond-framework-afd.pdf) (the "SDG 
Bond Framework"); or 
(iii) any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of (ii) above, the SDG Bond Framework describes the eligible Sustainable Development Projects 
to which the net proceeds of a Tranche of Notes may be allocated. The SDG Bond Framework has been 
prepared in accordance with the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability 
Bond Guidelines of the International Capital Markets Association (together, the "Principles") (in its 2018 
edition and which has been updated in 2021 and as they may be further updated). For each SDG Bond 
issuance, the Issuer will comply with the following four components of the Principles (1) the use of 
proceeds, (2) the process for project evaluation and selection, (3) the management of proceeds and (4) 
reporting obligations.  
The Issuer also applies the recommendation to use the services of an external second opinion provider (the 
"Second Party Opinion"). A second party opinion has been obtained from the second party opinion 
provider Vigéo Eiris on the SDG Bond Framework, assessing the sustainability of the SDG Bond 
Framework and its alignment with the Principles. It is available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2020-10-07-38-45/vigeo-eiris-second-party-opinion-sdg-bond-
framework.pdf). It may by further updated or expended to reflect evolution in market practices, regulation 
and in the Issuer’s activities. Any amendment to such Second Party Opinion, or any new Second Party 
Opinion, to be provided following an amendment to the SDG Bond Framework, the publication of a new 
SDG Bond Framework or in application of any new legislation or regulation, will be made available on the 
Issuer's website (https://www.afd.fr/en/investors-page#6355).  
 
An independent auditor will annually verify the allocation of the proceeds of SDG Bonds to the portfolio 
of eligible loans and the compliance with the criteria defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of such loans. 
The review report of the independent auditor will be available on the website of the Issuer. The 2021 review 
of the independent advisor in respect of the SDG Bonds issued to date is available on the website of the 
Issuer 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2021-06-04-58-28/afd-attestation-informations-relatives-
adossement-fonds-leves-2020.pdf).  
The reporting on the allocation of the net proceeds to the portfolio of eligible loans will be made available 
on the website of the Issuer. The 2020 reporting on the allocation of the net proceeds in respect of the SDG 
Bonds 
issued 
to 
date 
by 
the 
Issuer 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2021-06-03-15-57/reporting-sdg-bond-2020.pdf). 
Prior 
to 
any 
investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to finance investments in climate projects, as 
further specified in the relevant Final Terms, investors are advised to consult the SDG Bond Framework 
for further information.

--- Page 43 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 34 - 
36-41045817 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
The general information on the Issuer is set out in the 2021 Universal Registration Document incorporated 
by reference herein (see the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section above). 
The Issuer's status as an EPIC 
The Issuer is subject to specific rules applicable to EPICs, which are legal entities governed by public law. 
In particular, EPICs' assets may not be seized (as the Cour de cassation clearly stated it in a decision dated 
21 December 1987). As a result, the Issuer is not subject to ordinary enforcement procedures. It is subject 
to Law n°80-539 of 16 July 1980 on the penalties imposed in administrative matters and on the execution 
of judgments by legal entities governed by public law. Article 1, paragraph 2 of such law provides that 
when EPICs are ordered to pay a sum of money by a final court decision, they must register this sum in 
their budget or authorise its payment within two months from the notification of the court’s decision. If an 
EPIC fails to do so, the French Government must substitute itself for the EPIC in order (i) to register 
automatically the debts in the budget of the EPIC or (ii) to plan new resources to pay the debts (in the 
budget of the EPIC, in principle). 
Moreover, court-ordered reorganisation and liquidation proceedings do not apply to EPICs. Articles L.631-
2 and L.640-2 of the French Code de commerce relating to court-ordered reorganisation and liquidation of 
businesses provide that court-ordered reorganisation may be imposed on any tradesperson, artisan or legal 
entity governed by private law. Since EPICs are public law entities, they do not fall within the scope of 
application of those articles. As the Issuer was created by law, it may only be dissolved by an amending 
law, which may transfer its rights and obligations to another public entity. 
Certain aspects of governmental supervision and regulation of the Issuer in France 
The French supervisory and resolution authority 
The Issuer is licensed in France as a financing company (société de financement), governed by the French 
code monétaire et financier (the "Financial Code"). As such, the Issuer is subject to the supervision of the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ("ACPR"), which was created in 2013 to supervise financial 
institutions and insurance firms and to be in charge of ensuring the protection of consumers and the stability 
of the financial system. 
In addition, the ACPR is in charge of implementing measures for the prevention and resolution of financing 
companies when they are are subject to the resolution regime set out in the Financial Code, in accordance 
with article L. 613-34-II of the such code. 
Financial regulations 
The Issuer must comply with certain standards set out in the Ministerial Order of 23 December 2013 
(the "Prudential Order"), the purpose of which is to ensure the creditworthiness and liquidity of French 
financing companies. This prudential regime is mainly similar to the one applicable to French credit 
institutions, although some adjustments have been made to take into account specific features of financing 
companies. 
Financing companies, such as the Issuer, are subject to the French provisions implementing 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 ("CRD IV", as 
amended or replaced from time to time, including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("CRD V")) and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms ("CRR", as amended or replaced from time to time, including by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 20 May 2019 ("CRR II")), 
to the exception of the provisions related to liquidity and leverage set out in CRR as financing companies 
as subject to French rules in this respect. 
The Issuer must comply with minimum capital ratio requirements. In addition to these requirements, the 
principal regulations applicable to financing companies such as the Issuer concern risk diversification and 
liquidity, restrictions on equity investments and reporting requirements. As of the date hereof, the Issuer

--- Page 44 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 35 - 
36-41045817 
 
complies with the specific regulatory ratio requirements in accordance with procedures established by the 
ACPR. 
As at 31 December 2020, the solvency ratio of the Issuer was 16.29 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2021, the solvency ratio of the Issuer was 16.04 per cent.  
As at 30 June 2022, the solvency ratio of the Issuer was 15.58 per cent.

--- Page 45 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 36 - 
36-41045817 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the 
relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised 
Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Agence Française de Développement (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued 
in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the Final 
Terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms"). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 16 December 
2022 between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the 
"Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended, situated in a Member State of 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with 
Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier (the "Code") by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 
of the Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France", acting as central depository) which shall 
credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined below), or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the 
relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an 
account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the 
Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance 
with the provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer

--- Page 46 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 37 - 
36-41045817 
 
may at any time request from the central depository the following identification 
information of the holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): 
the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation 
and mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of 
Notes held by each of them and any restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the 
depository bank for Clearstream Banking SA ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, 
a talon (the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity 
Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the Code, 
securities (such as Notes, constituting obligations under French law) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the 
French territory. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or 
more clearing system(s) other than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination") save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances 
which require the publication of a Base Prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial 
authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as 
defined below). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer 
in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall 
pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing 
on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the  person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or 
the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such 
Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive

--- Page 47 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 38 - 
36-41045817 
 
Materialised Note and the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any 
such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may 
not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at 
the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option 
by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status of Notes 
The Notes may be either senior Notes ("Senior Notes") or subordinated Notes ("Subordinated 
Notes"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes (and the Coupons relating to them) constitute direct, unconditional, 
senior, unsecured (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank at all times (i) pari passu and rateably without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other Senior Obligations and (ii) senior 
to the Subordinated Notes, in each case subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law. 
"Senior Obligations" means all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes, as provided 
by their terms or by law. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
Principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes (and the Coupons relating to them) 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking:  
(i) 
junior to all Senior Obligations of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(iii) 
pari passu with any Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres 
participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply subordinated obligations 
(obligations dites "super subordonnées", i.e. engagements subordonnés de 
dernier rang) of the Issuer.

--- Page 48 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 39 - 
36-41045817 
 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer but rank in priority to prêts participatifs granted to 
the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply subordinated obligations 
(obligations dites "super subordonnées", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) 
of the Issuer. 
Subject to applicable law, if the Issuer is dissolved, the rights of payment of the holders 
of the Subordinated Notes shall be subordinated to the payment in full of creditors in 
respect of Senior Obligations and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes shall be paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, 
any titres participatifs issued by it and any deeply subordinated obligations (obligations 
dites "super subordonnées", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer. 
The Subordinated Notes may have no fixed maturity ("Undated Subordinated Notes"). 
In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Obligations, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes will be terminated. 
The holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be responsible for taking all steps necessary 
for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings they may have against the 
Issuer. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, 
be treated as Tier 2 Capital, but that the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the 
Noteholders under the Subordinated Notes shall not be affected if the Subordinated Notes 
no longer qualify as Tier 2 Capital. However, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with Condition 6(d) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event). 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
So long as any of the Senior Notes (or the Coupons relating to them) remain outstanding, 
the Issuer will not create any security interest (which includes any mortgage, pledge, lien 
or other encumbrance) over the whole or any part of its present or future assets or revenues 
to secure any indebtedness represented by bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities 
(obligations or titres de créance négociables) issued by the Issuer or any guarantee of any 
such indebtedness of any of the Issuer's subsidiaries and affiliates, without at the same 
time according to the outstanding Senior Notes (and the Coupons relating to them) the 
same security interest on a pari passu basis.  For the avoidance of doubt, such indebtedness 
does not include indebtedness for borrowed monies arising under loan agreements or 
credit facility agreements. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest, in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Calculations), on 
its outstanding principal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken

--- Page 49 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 40 - 
36-41045817 
 
Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, 
and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date.  The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Calculations).  Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the 
Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number 
of months or other period shown in the Final Terms as the Interest Period after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (i) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen 
had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, 
(iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an 
“unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected 
by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate.  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" 
for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms

--- Page 50 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 41 - 
36-41045817 
 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and  
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option, Compounding is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and:  
(a) if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(b) if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified 
as the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(c) if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout 
is 
the 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and:  
(a) if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout 
is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and

--- Page 51 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 42 - 
36-41045817 
 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate 
Option and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(B) "Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) "Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(D) "Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(E) "Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(F) "Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
disapplied if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being 
applicable; and  
(G) if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative 
Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to 
"Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of 
"Temporary Non-Publication– Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A) (ISDA Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes):  
"Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset 
Date", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method", "Overnight Rate Averaging Method", "Compounding with 
Lookback", "Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift", "Averaging with Lockout", "Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift", "Compounding with Lockout", "Compounded Index Floating 
Rate Option", "Index Floating Rate Option",  "Compounded Index Method", 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift", "Applicable 
Business Days", "Observation Period Shift Business Days", "Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days", "Lockout Period Business Days", 
"Calculation Agent", and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant FBF Rate.  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "FBF 
Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which:

--- Page 52 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 43 - 
36-41045817 
 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable)", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that "Euribor" 
means the rate calculated for deposits in Euro which appears on the Reuters screen 
page EURIBOR01. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate is specified as being 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: the  
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m.  (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. In relation to sub-paragraph (C)(1)(y) above 
only, if five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations.  
(2) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if 
sub-paragraph (C)(1)(x) applies and no such offered quotation 
appears 
on 
the 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
or, 
if 
sub-paragraph (C)(1)(y) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each 
case as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone 
office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date.  If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest  for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(3) 
if paragraph (C)(2) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest  shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage), as communicated to the Calculation 
Agent at its request by any two or more of the Reference Banks,

--- Page 53 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 44 - 
36-41045817 
 
at which such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
rates, either the rate or the arithmetic mean of the rates for 
deposits, as the case may be, quoted by any one or more leading 
banks selected by the Issuer and communicated to the 
Calculation Agent, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, to other 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the 
period, plus or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date (excluded);  
(y) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus 
or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(z) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); or  
(xx) if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(yy) if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate if Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3):

--- Page 54 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 45 - 
36-41045817 
 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer 
determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for 
all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time 
to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), including any determination 
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection: will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error; will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable; 
and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Programme or the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
"USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the Reference Rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as 
follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant Interest Period, SOFR in respect of that day "i";

--- Page 55 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 46 - 
36-41045817 
 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in respect of the relevant Interest Period or such other date specified in the 
Final Terms; 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that the 
SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from 
and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Period, will be the 
SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Period; 
"USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of 
a daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the Reference 
Rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day 
following 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest Period, 
the date “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each 
Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period; 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR in respect of the U.S.

--- Page 56 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 47 - 
36-41045817 
 
Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to that day "i"; 
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the Reference Rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day following each each Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"d0", for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest Period, 
the date “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each 
Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant Interest Period, SOFR in respect of that day "i"; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the 
date "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period. 
"USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" means the rate of return of a 
compounded average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the 
Reference Rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be

--- Page 57 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 48 - 
36-41045817 
 
rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where:  
"SOFR Index" in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day shall be the value published by the New York Federal Reserve on the 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website on or about 8:00 a.m. (New York 
City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. In the event 
that the value originally published by the New York Federal Reserve on 
or about 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected 
value is published by the New York Federal Reserve on or about 2:30 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the original date of publication, then such 
corrected value, instead of the value that was originally published, shall 
be deemed the SOFR Index in relation to such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms preceding the first date of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (a "SOFR Index Determination Date").  
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Maturity Date). 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) the SOFR 
IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd.  
Subject paragraph (iii) below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any 
relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred, the "USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" shall be calculated on 
any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, in accordance with "USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" and "p" 
shall mean two U.S. Government Securities Business Days. 
If a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in the definition 
of "SOFR" below shall apply. 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published by the New 
York Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a 
successor administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or 
such successor administrator’s) Website on or about 5:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or

--- Page 58 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 49 - 
36-41045817 
 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified 
in clause (i), unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred,  
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected 
or 
recommended 
by 
the 
Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current 
Benchmark 
and 
(b) 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for 
the 
then-current 
Benchmark 
for 
U.S. 
dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"Benchmark" means SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order presented in clause (iii) of the definition of "SOFR" that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date.  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its 
designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
(iii)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the

--- Page 59 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 50 - 
36-41045817 
 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect 
to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the definition of "Interest 
Period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments 
of interest and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer decide may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer decide that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine that no market practice 
for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine is 
reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event,” the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or  
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event,” the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component);  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or

--- Page 60 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 51 - 
36-41045817 
 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing 
that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"New York Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. 
"New York Federal Reserve’s Website" means the website of the New 
York Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the New York Federal Reserve or the website of any 
successor administrator of SOFR. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and 
(ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR,  the time determined by the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USGSBD" means any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent mentioned in sub-paragraphs 
(2), (3), (4) and (5) above shall be independent from the Issuer. 
 
 
(D) 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event 
occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and 
Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, and 
Screen Rate Determination applies, then the following provisions shall apply and 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(b)(C)(iii).

--- Page 61 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 52 - 
36-41045817 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) does not apply to U.S. 
dollar denominated floating rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified 
in the Final Terms as being "SOFR".  
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after 
consultation with the Issuer), failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(3)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(D)(4)) no later than the Interest Determination Date for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) during any 
other future Interest Period(s). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition, 
5(b)(iii)(D) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of 
manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by 
it pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D). 
(2) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject 
to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(4)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)); or  
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(4)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)). 
(3) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).

--- Page 62 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 53 - 
36-41045817 
 
(4) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with the Issuer)  
(x) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day 
Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (y) the relevant terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(5), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. Such 
changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(5) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15 
the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice 
will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(6) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provision of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(D), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless and 
until the party responsabile for determining the Rate of Interest has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), and of any Adjustement Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(7) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following 
Interest Determination Date, (i) no Independent Adviser has been 
appointed; or (ii) no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
is determined pursuant to this provision or (iii) the Issuer determines, on 
the basis of objective criteria, that the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (and, if

--- Page 63 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 54 - 
36-41045817 
 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) would, in the case of the Subordinated Notes, result in a 
Capital Event, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the 
purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions of the Notes will continue to 
apply to such determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain 
circumstances, lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any 
time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(D), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) 
(and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C), will continue to apply in accordance with their terms). This 
may result in the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date being the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period in question. 
(8) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
either case, which the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines in accordance with 
customary market usage in the international debt capital market for such 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and which is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor 
Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital market for transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) and which is

--- Page 64 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 55 - 
36-41045817 
 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes.  
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(b)(i) on which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely; 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling 
six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(i) on 
which the Original Reference Rate will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months;  
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or 
such other party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
under 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation, if applicable); or 
(g) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation  of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Reference Rate has been adopted.  
(h) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed. 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 
2016, as amended or supplemented.

--- Page 65 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 56 - 
36-41045817 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing 
with appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense under Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(1). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on 
the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for 
the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those 
successor or replacement rates, those one which is the most appropriate, 
taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note.  As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 6(b)(i)(B)). 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on 
the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
upon due presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) to the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)).

--- Page 66 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 57 - 
36-41045817 
 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b)(iii) 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a 
negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, or Redemption Amount 
shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.  
(iii) 
The Minimum Rate of Interest with respect to Floating Rate Notes shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (0.00001) (with halves 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen.  For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination (as specified in the Final 
Terms) in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product 
of the Rate of Interest, the Specified Denomination specified in the Final Terms and the 
Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount is 
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period in the relevant Final Terms, in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount.  Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable per Specified 
Denomination in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  In respect of any other 
period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save 
that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be 
calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent 
may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules applicable to such exchange 
so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such

--- Page 67 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 58 - 
36-41045817 
 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, 
or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination.  Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated 
need be made.  The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quote and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means (other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
specified as SOFR in the relevant Final Terms): 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than Euro or Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for that currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a 
"TARGET Business Day") and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Renminbi, any day (other than a Sunday or a Saturday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settle 
Renminbi payments in Hong Kong and are not authorised or obligated by law or 
executive order to be closed and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centres specified 
in the Final Terms (the "Business Centres"), a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the Specified Currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency 
is specified, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual – ISDA" is specified in the Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365.  If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator 
is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
each calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days

--- Page 68 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 59 - 
36-41045817 
 
elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February 
falls within the Calculation Period) 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2−Y1)]+[30 ×(M2− M1)]+(D2− D1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D-1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D-i 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2−Y1)]+30 ×(M2− M1)]+(D2− D1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 69 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 60 - 
36-41045817 
 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2−Y1)]+30 ×(M2− M1)]+(D2− D1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European 
Union that adopt or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.

--- Page 70 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 61 - 
36-41045817 
 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as published 
by the Fédération Bancaire Française ("FBF") and supplemented by the FBF 
technical schedules published by the FBF, as the case may be (together the "FBF 
Master Agreement"), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date. 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
People's Republic of China. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination for that Interest Accrual Period and which, 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable 
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such 
Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may 
be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period or the interest amount in relation to Renminbi Notes, the 
date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the 
day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
Sterling nor Euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated  as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (copies of 
which may be obtained from the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
at www.isda.org). 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as

--- Page 71 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 62 - 
36-41045817 
 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association on its website (www.isda.org).  
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent 
or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms which shall 
be EURIBOR or SOFR. Other than SOFR, the Reference Rate shall, following 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a 
Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further 
Alternative Rate. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor 
thereto. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding.  
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions.  If the Calculation Agent is unable 
or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading 
bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over the counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place.  The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any 
change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(k) 
Renminbi Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Renminbi Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal 
to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on each Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The determination of the

--- Page 72 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 63 - 
36-41045817 
 
amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Renminbi Rate Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final 
and binding upon all parties. The Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent will cause the amount 
of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to 
Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth (4th) Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination and Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the accrued interest per 
Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the 
Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of 
the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Unless otherwise agreed in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period or, as 
applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by three hundred and sixty-five (365), 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the maturity date specified in the Final Terms (the "Maturity 
Date") (which in the case of Subordinated Notes, shall be at least five years after the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche, and except for Undated Subordinated Notes) at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its principal amount). The 
Undated Subordinated Notes are undated obligations in respect of which there is no fixed 
redemption date. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement) shall 
be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such 
Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in 
the Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back 
to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
11 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on 
which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date.  The

--- Page 73 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 64 - 
36-41045817 
 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) 
until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Accrual of 
Interest). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes:  The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note 
(other than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement), 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of, French law, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the 
Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to pay 
additional amounts as specified under Condition 9 (Taxation) (a "Withholding 
Tax Event"), the Issuer may, at its option (but subject, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, to the provisions Condition 6(i) (Additional Conditions to redemption and 
purchase of Subordinated Notes)), on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is 
a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), 
subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be 
no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment 
of principal and interest without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, 
if applicable, Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) (a "Gross-Up Event"), then the Issuer shall (but subject, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Additional 
Conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes)) forthwith give 
notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less 
than seven days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of 
the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment 
Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the 
later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 days after 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the

--- Page 74 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 65 - 
36-41045817 
 
Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes or, 
if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(iii) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility 
Event 
For Subordinated Notes, if, by reason of any change in, or any change in the 
official application or interpretation of, French law, becoming effective on or after 
the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments under such Subordinated Notes is 
modified and such modification results in the part of the interest payable by the 
Issuer under such Subordinated Notes that is tax deductible being reduced (a "Tax 
Deductibility Event"), the Issuer may, at its option (but subject to the provisions 
of Condition 6(i) (Additional Conditions to redemption and purchase of 
Subordinated Notes)), on any Interest Payment Date or at any time, subject to 
having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' prior notice to Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), 
redeem all, but not some only, of such outstanding Subordinated Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) thereon, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
such payment with interest payable not being impacted by the reduction in tax 
deductibility giving rise to the Tax Deductibility Event. 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, the Issuer will not give notice under this Clause 6(c) 
unless it has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the change 
referred to in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date of such Subordinated Notes. 
(d) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer 
may, at its option (but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) (Additional Conditions 
to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes)) at any time and having given not 
more than 45 nor less than 30 days' notices to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all 
(but not some only) of the outstanding Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon.  
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in France 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of, and as 
applied by, the Relevant Regulator; 
"Capital Event" means a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes, that was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, as a result of which the 
Subordinated Notes would be fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital; 
"Relevant Regulator" means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution and any 
successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer; and  
"Tier 2 Capital" means capital which is treated by the Relevant Regulator as a constituent 
of tier 2 under Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time for the purposes of the 
Issuer. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If so provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may (but subject, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, to the provisions Condition 6(i) (Additional Conditions to redemption 
and purchase of Subordinated Notes)), on giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders 
falling within the Call Option Notice Period, redeem all or, if so provided, some of the

--- Page 75 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 66 - 
36-41045817 
 
Notes in the principal amount or integral multiples thereof and on any Optional 
Redemption Date ("Call Option"). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption.  Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal 
to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms and no 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
If only some of the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed, on such date (i) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, the Fiscal Agent shall make the drawing that is required in accordance 
with the Conditions and, where applicable, the Issuer shall be entitled to send 
representatives to attend such drawing and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
redemption shall be effected, by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised 
Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, in each case subject to 
compliance with any other applicable laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on 
which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be 
permitted prior to five years from the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes, except in the 
case of a Capital Event or a Tax Event, and subject to the provisions Condition 6(i) 
(Additional Conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes). 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the Noteholders is 
permitted. If so provided in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the Notes are not 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption ("Put Option"). 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise 
Notice") in the form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent, within 
the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, have attached to it 
such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Principal Paying Agent 
specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note 
so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Purchases 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
In the case of Senior Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, at any time purchase Senior 
Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable 
laws and/or regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is 
expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Senior Notes so purchased by 
the Issuer may be held and resold for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the 
Senior Notes in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 6(h) (Cancellation). 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes

--- Page 76 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 67 - 
36-41045817 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may, at all times on or after the fifth 
(5th) anniversary of the Issue Date (but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) 
(Additional Conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes)) 
purchase Subordinated Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto and surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price 
subject to the applicable law and/or regulations.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any agent on its behalf may, at all times, 
purchase the Subordinated Notes for market purposes provided that: (a) the prior 
written approval of the Relevant Regulator shall be obtained; and (b) the total 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes in any given Series so purchased does 
not exceed the lower of (x) 10% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes of such Series and any further Subordinated Notes issued 
under Condition 14 (Further Issues) or (y) 3% of the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is 
expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Subordinated Notes so 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or 
cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Cancellation). 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its sole option, be 
held or (but subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(i) 
(Additional Conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes)) cancelled in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes will be cancelled, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together 
with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each 
case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, 
be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights 
relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes 
and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, 
transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent 
that the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext 
Paris about such cancellation. 
(i) 
Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes  
The Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled (as applicable) 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), 
Condition  6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or Condition 6 (g) (Purchases) 
(subject to the provisions set out in the second paragraph of the section relating to 
Subordinated Notes of Condition 6(g) (Purchases)), as the case may be, if the following 
conditions are satisfied: 
(i) 
the Relevant Regulator has given its prior written approval to such redemption, 
purchase or cancellation (as applicable); in this respect, Article 78 of the CRR 
provides that the Relevant Regulator shall grant permission for a redemption or 
repurchase of Subordinated Notes provided that either of the following 
conditions is met, as applicable to the Subordinated Notes: 
(a) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with instruments qualifying

--- Page 77 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 68 - 
36-41045817 
 
as Tier 2 Capital of an equal or higher quality on terms that are 
sustainable for the Issuer's income capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that the tier 1 capital and the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements laid down in CRR and CRD IV by a margin that the 
Relevant Regulator may consider necessary on the basis set out in CRR 
and CRD IV for it to determine the appropriate level of capital of an 
institution; and  
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Special Event, the Issuer has delivered 
a certificate to the Fiscal Agent (with copies) thereof being available at the Fiscal 
Agent's specified office during its normal business hours) not less than five  
Business Days prior to the date set for redemption that such Special Event has 
occurred or will occur not more than 90 days following the date fixed for 
redemption, as the case may be. 
"Special Event" means either a Tax Event or a Capital Event; and 
"Tax Event" means either a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event or a Tax 
Deductibility Event. 
7. 
Currency Linked Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Currency Linked Interest Notes and/or Currency Linked Redemption 
Notes in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions of this Condition 7 apply, as applicable. 
(a) Interest on Currency Linked Interest Notes 
Each Currency Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date in accordance with Condition 5 (Interest and Other 
Calculations) and as specified in the relevant Final Terms which may specify any Day Count 
Fraction as included in Condition 5(i). Payments of interest in respect of Currency Linked Interest 
Notes will be calculated on the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date by reference to a single 
currency Rate of Exchange or basket of currency Rates of Exchange, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, with the following formula: 
Interest payable in Base Currency = Interest payable in the Relevant Currency or Currencies * 
applicable Rate(s) of Exchange appearing on the Currency Price Source on the Currency Exchange 
Rate Valuation Date 
(b) Redemption of Currency Linked Redemption Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Currency Linked Redemption Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount, payable in the Base Currency, on 
the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Payments of principal in respect of 
Currency Linked Redemption Notes will be calculated on the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation 
Date by reference to a single currency rate of exchange or basket of currency rates of exchange as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, with the following formula: 
Principal payable in Base Currency = Principal payable in the Relevant Currency or Currencies * 
applicable exchange rate(s) appearing on the Currency Price Source on the Currency Exchange 
Rate Valuation Date 
(c) Market Disruption Events  
If the Calculation Agent determines in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date that a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing in respect of one or more Rate of Exchange, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Rate(s) of Exchange on such Currency 
Exchange Rate Valuation Date taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant.

--- Page 78 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 69 - 
36-41045817 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Exchange 
pursuant to the paragraph above, the Issuer may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to these Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such Market Disruption Event and determine the date(s) 
on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 and redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Currency Linked Notes, at the Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 6(b)). 
Upon the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 giving details of the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
"Base Currency" means the base currency specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Series of Currency 
Linked Notes as identified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date" means any day on which a currency exchange rate 
is to be determined, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Currency Price Source(s)" means the price source(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
a Rate of Exchange is unavailable or is not published or announced by such price source at the 
relevant time, the successor or alternative price source or page/publication for the relevant Rate of 
Exchange as specified in the relevant Final Terms or as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Market Disruption Event" means a Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date on which it 
becomes impossible to obtain a Rate of Exchange or the corresponding successor or alternative 
price source or page/publication for the relevant Rate of Exchange; 
"Rate(s) of Exchange" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Currency" means the relevant currency specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be 
made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant 
Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a 
Bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders 
will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the Materialised Notes 
(in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in 
Condition 8(f)(v)8(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 8(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such 
currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET

--- Page 79 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 70 - 
36-41045817 
 
System and (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in 
Renminbi and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Hong Kong. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted 
by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation)), all payments are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, in any 
jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer, if applicable, or 
Agents), and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreement thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto and the Issuer will be liable for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus.  
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and, in each case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least 
two major European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext 
Paris and in such other city so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other 
Regulated Market) (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a 
Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by any other Stock 
Exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) below. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relevant Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full,

--- Page 80 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 71 - 
36-41045817 
 
that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment.  Any amount so deducted shall be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 
(Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for 
payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of 
interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Definitive Materialised Note.  Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest 
after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding 
any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.  In this paragraph, "business day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A)(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place 
of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business 
in such jurisdictions specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and 
(C)(i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency (and in the case of the Renminbi Notes, 
such principal financial centre shall be Hong Kong and such foreign exchange transactions 
shall include settlement of Renminbi payments) or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), 
which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Alternative Payment in U.S. Dollar

--- Page 81 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 72 - 
36-41045817 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined below) occurs, or if Renminbi is otherwise 
not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such 
unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is 
unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of 
Renminbi Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) to the 
Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of any such payment by making any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. 
dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated 
amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest 
in respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the 
Noteholders or (in the case of the Dematerialised Notes) the relevant Account Holders for 
the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, any payment made under such 
circumstances of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent will constitute valid payment, and will not 
constitute a default in respect of the Notes within the meaning of Condition 11 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement). 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8(i) by the 
Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders. 
For the purpose of this Condition 8(i): 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or 
any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of the People's Republic of China and Hong Kong. 
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-transferability, as a 
result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its 
obligation to pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes, as 
determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Renminbi Notes in the general Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted on or after the 
Issue Date of such Renminbi Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account 
inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility 
is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted 
by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted on or after 
the Issue Date of the relevant Renminbi Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to 
an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international 
repute active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the 
Issuer. 
"Renminbi Note" means a Note denominated in Renminbi.

--- Page 82 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 73 - 
36-41045817 
 
"Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed by the Issuer in respect 
of a Series of Renminbi Notes as identified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Renminbi Rate Calculation Business Days" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York City. 
"Renminbi Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Renminbi Rate 
Calculation Business Days before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi 
amount under the Conditions.  
"Renminbi Spot Rate" for a Renminbi Rate Calculation Date means the spot U.S. 
dollar/CNY exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-
counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due date 
for payment, as determined by the Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 
a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such Renminbi Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is 
available, the Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent will determine the Renminbi Spot Rate at 
or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Renminbi Rate Calculation Date as the 
most recently available U.S. dollar/CNY official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant 
due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on 
the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for 
the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US dollars 
using the Renminbi Spot Rate for the relevant Renminbi Rate Calculation Date, as 
calculated by the Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal, or interest by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect 
of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such deduction or withholding been required, 
provided, however, that the Issuer may, in that event, redeem all of the Notes then 
outstanding in accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) and 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 83 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 74 - 
36-41045817 
 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of 
Materialised Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the 
extent that the Noteholder, or if applicable, the Couponholder, as the case may be, 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment 
on or before such thirtieth calendar day of such time period. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means 
the date on which the payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of 
the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full 
of the amount outstanding is made or in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date 
on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation.  References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed 
to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options) or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and 
(iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
which may be payable under this Condition 9 (Taxation). 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years 
(in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant 
Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Senior Notes  
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Representative 
(as defined in Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders), upon request of any Noteholder, or 
any Noteholder in the absence of a Representative, may give written notice to the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent at its specified office that all the Notes held by such Noteholder are immediately 
repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes together with accrued interest 
to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable, unless such event of default 
shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent: 
(i) 
Non-payment 
if the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note 
and such default continues for a period of more than 30 days; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations in respect of the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not 
remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the 
Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
Cross Default 
if any other indebtedness for money borrowed by the Issuer in excess of 
Euro 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) becomes prematurely 
repayable following a default, or steps are taken to enforce any security in respect 
thereof, or the Issuer defaults in repayment of any such indebtedness at the 
maturity thereof as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or any

--- Page 84 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 75 - 
36-41045817 
 
guarantee of any indebtedness for money borrowed given by the Issuer is not 
honoured when due and called upon; or 
(iv) 
Dissolution and Merger 
if the Issuer is dissolved or merged into a company prior to the repayment in full 
of the Notes, unless in such event the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Notes are expressly assumed by such company. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
There will be no events of default in relation to the Subordinated Notes. However, each 
Subordinated Note shall immediately become due and repayable at its principal amount 
together with interest accrued to the date of repayment, if any, on a Repayment Event. 
"Repayment Event" means if the Issuer is dissolved or merged into a company prior to 
the repayment in full of the Notes, unless in such event the obligations of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Notes are expressly assumed by such company. 
12. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the 
provisions of Article L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de Commerce as amended by this 
Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders). 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with 
respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality who agrees 
to perform such function and the Representative may be domiciled in any country. 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate (if 
any) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect 
of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse 
of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. Such remuneration will be paid by the 
Issuer or any other party. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, retirement, resignation, revocation, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by the alternate Representative (if 
any) or another Representative.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative

--- Page 85 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 76 - 
36-41045817 
 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), 
or (ii) by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the 
"Written Unanimous Decisions"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders 
holding at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a 
written consultation (the "Written Majority Decisions", and together with the Written 
Unanimous Decisions, the "Written Decisions"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case 
may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series 
(i) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting 
has not been convened within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 15 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the 
date of the General Meeting for a first convocation and not less than ten (10) calendar days 
in the case of a second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
correspondence, or, if the statuts of the Issuer so specify, videoconference or any other 
means of telecommunications allowing the identification of the participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one (1) vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than 
one Specified Denomination, one (1) vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest 
Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination 
of such Note. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, 
and during the ten (10) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting 
on second convocation, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will 
be proposed and of the reports which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which 
will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the 
Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents during usual business hours 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting.

--- Page 86 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 77 - 
36-41045817 
 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or 
represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of 
Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until 
a new Representative has been appointed. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at 
meetings shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes cast by Noteholders 
attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 15 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Written Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer, the Representative or any Noteholder in the absence of a 
Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous Decisions 
or Written Majority Decisions. 
(A) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders of the 
relevant Series without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 
Condition 12(d)(i). Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way 
of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance 
with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all 
purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one document, or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(B) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 15 (Notices) no less 
than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written 
Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval 
of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection 
before the Written Majority Decision Date will, by virtue of having expressed their 
approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date, have irrevocably 
undertaken not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decision shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together 
at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are 
outstanding, without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 
Condition 12(d)(i). Approval of a Written Majority Decision may also be given by 
Electronic Consent. Any Written Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written 
Majority Decision may be contained in one document, or in several documents in like 
form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, and shall be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all reasonable and duly documented expenses relating to the operations 
of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective 
Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective

--- Page 87 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 78 - 
36-41045817 
 
Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first-mentioned Series in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the 
first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
the Tranches of such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted with the Representative and the 
Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of Conditions 11(c) to 
11(f) above, as appropriate. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the 
sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders), the expression 
"outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or 
by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws and regulations. 
13. 
Replacement of Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and Regulated Market regulations on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised 
Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require.  Mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time (subject, for Subordinated Notes, to the prior information of the 
Relevant Regulator), without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes, provided such 
Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the 
principal amount thereof, the issue price, the issue date, and the first payment of interest specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further Notes provide for such assimilation, 
and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
15. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 15(d)15(d) (Notices), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes 
in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
(4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at 
the option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times); provided that, so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to 
such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes

--- Page 88 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 79 - 
36-41045817 
 
is/are admitted to trading is located and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of 
that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in 
Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated 
Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located and 
as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may 
be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, 
provided that so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, 
notice shall be published as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated 
Market, as the case may be. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date 
of the first publication as provided above. Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 15 (Notices). 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered 
or in bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any 
other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in 
substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 15(a), (b) and (c) 
above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be 
published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are located and as otherwise 
required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be and (ii) 
notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders) shall also be published in a leading 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons will be 
submitted to the jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris. 
(c) 
Immunity from Attachment 
The assets and properties of the Issuer cannot be subject to any attachment or other 
enforcement proceedings in the Republic of France.

--- Page 89 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 80 - 
36-41045817 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depository for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depository"), Euroclear or Clearstream will 
credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depository may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes 
that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, 
see "Subscription and Sale" below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form 
of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive 
Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, 
in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such 
Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in 
respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). 
Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and 
Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Notes shall be available at the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the 
expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised 
Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 14 (Further Issues), the Exchange Date for such 
Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar 
days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 81 - 
36-41045817 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on 
insurance distribution, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the 'UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes

--- Page 91 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 82 - 
36-41045817 
 
are ["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Agence Française de Développement 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 60,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 9695008K5N8MKIT4XJ91 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 16 December 2022 which received approval number 22-490 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 16 December 2022  [and the supplement[s] dated [●] which received 
approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). The expression "EU Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as may be amended time to time.  This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.  Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms[,][and] the 
Base Prospectus.  The Final Terms and the Base Prospectus (including any supplement thereto) are 
available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents and will 
be available on the Issuer's website (www.afd.fr) and on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [15 June 2016/9 June 2017/22 May 2018/17 May 
2019/12 June 2020/14 June 2021/14 June 2022] which received visa n°[16-0252/17-0265/18-0192/19-
0212/20-0252/21-0222/22-0210] from the AMF on [15 June 2016/9 June 2017/22 May 2018/17 May 
2019/12 June 2020/14 June 2021/14 June 2022]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 16 December 2022 which received approval number 22-490 
from the AMF on 16 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which 
received approval n°[●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions which are 
incorporated by reference therein. The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as may be amended time to time. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Conditions 
[and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]].  The Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the 
Conditions  are available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agents and will be available on the Issuer's website (www.afd.fr) and on the AMF's website 
(www.amf-france.org). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 92 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 83 - 
36-41045817 
 
 
1 
Issuer: 
Agence Française de Développement  
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:] 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the existing [insert 
description of the Series of original notes] 
issued by the Issuer on [insert date]/the Issue 
Date] [as from the date of assimilation which is 
expected to be on or about 40 days after the 
Issue Date (the "Assimilation Date") of this 
Tranche]/[as from the Issue Date of this 
Tranche]. (this item applies to fungible issues 
only) 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus an amount corresponding to accrued 
interest from, and including, [insert date] to, but 
excluding, [the Issue Date/insert other date] (in 
the case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●]1 
7 
[(i)] Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/ Issue Date/ Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year]2 (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Maturity Date shall be 
at least five years after the Issue Date) (in the 
case of Undated Subordinated Notes, there is no 
fixed maturity) 
 
1  
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a 
maturity of less than one year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
2  
Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification it will 
be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 93 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 84 - 
36-41045817 
 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[●] month EURIBOR/SOFR] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[with a Currency Linked Interest structure as 
referred to in paragraph 17 below] (include this 
option, if applicable, besides other applicable 
Interest Basis and related paragraph(s) below) 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at 
[100] per cent. of their nominal amount on the 
Maturity Date.] 
[Currency Linked Redemption structure as 
referred to in paragraph 22 below]  
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes] 
 
[(ii) [Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:] 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date [subject to 
the Currency Linked Interest Note Provisions 
below.] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year

--- Page 94 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 85 - 
36-41045817 
 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Specified Denomination3 / An amount 
denominated in [currency] determined by the 
Calculation Agent by application of the 
Currency Linked Interest Note Provisions 
below.  
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Specified Denomination, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] [insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 – FBF / 
Actual/Actual – FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year / Not Applicable] 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) or for Renminbi Notes)) 
 
[(vii) Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent:] 
[●] (if not applicable, delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year, [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (v) below/not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
(v) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (not applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the 
relevant business day convention is not 
intended to affect the Interest Amount) 
 
3   
For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Specified Denomination by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest RMB0.01, RMB0.005 for the case of Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, being rounded upwards.

--- Page 95 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 86 - 
36-41045817 
 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment to which item 22 relates) 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[[●] month EURIBOR/SOFR] 
 
− 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference Banks: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
 
− 
[SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR Index 
Average]] (only applicable in the case of 
SOFR) 
 
 
− 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[●]/[in accordance with the Conditions] (only 
applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
− 
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days] [Not Applicable]] (only applicable in the 
case of SOFR) 
 
 
− 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s)] (only applicable in 
the case of SOFR Index Average)] 
 
 
− 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s)] (only applicable in 
the case of SOFR Index Average)] 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
− 
ISDA Definitions:  
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
Reset Date should be the first day of the Interest 
Period)

--- Page 96 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 87 - 
36-41045817 
 
 
− 
Compounding:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
− 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
− 
Averaging:  
 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation  Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
− 
Index Provisions:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
− 
Index Method:  
[Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 97 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 88 - 
36-41045817 
 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
− 
Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/–][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 – FBF / 
Actual/Actual – FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts and late payments: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 – FBF / 
Actual/Actual – FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17 
Currency Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
(ii) Relevant Currency/Currencies: 
[●] (give details and, if a basket of currencies, 
please 
also 
specify 
the 
weighting 
and 
application of the Relevant Currencies) 
 
 
(iii) Rate of Exchange and Aggregate Nominal 
Amount 
in 
the 
Relevant 
Currency/Currencies (Series/Tranche): 
[●] (please specify applicable exchange rate on 
the issue date, for example 1 USD = 0.77 EUR) 
[resulting in an Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
[●] 
(include 
amount 
in 
the 
Relevant 
Currency/Currencies)] 
 
 
(iv) Currency Price Source(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(v) Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(vi) Description of formula to be used to 
determine the Rate of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount payable:  
 
[●] (fill in details of the formula in accordance 
with Condition 7 (a)) 
 
(vii) Other terms or special conditions: 
[None/give details] 
 
 
 
 
(viii) Calculation Agent:  
 
[●]

--- Page 98 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 89 - 
36-41045817 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] [in the case of Subordinated Notes: subject 
to regulatory approval (the first Optional 
Redemption Date shall be at least five years 
after the Issue Date] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Call Option Notice Period: 
[●]4 days 
19 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Put Option Notice Period: 
[●]5 days 
20 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/ [[●] in 
nominal amount of the Note] (in connection 
with Currency Linked Redemption Notes, the 
Final Redemption Amount as calculated in 
accordance with Condition 7(b))] 
21 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
[Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default:] 
[[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] (Applicable only to Senior 
Notes)] 
 
[Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event (Condition 6(d)), a Withholding 
Tax Event (Condition 6(c)(i)), a Gross-Up 
Event (Condition 6(c)(ii)) or a Tax Deductibility 
Event (Condition 6(c)(iii)):] 
 
[[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
(Applicable 
only 
to 
Subordinated Notes)] 
 
4  
The clearing systems will require a notice period of at least 5 business days. 
5  
The clearing systems will require a notice period of at least 5 business days.

--- Page 99 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 90 - 
36-41045817 
 
22 
Currency Linked Redemption Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if applicable, 
include the following) 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early 
redemption, 
the 
Currency 
Linked 
Redemption Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [include percentage/100%] 
per cent. of their nominal amount]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
(ii) Relevant Currency or Currencies: 
[●] (give details and, if a basket of currencies, 
please 
also 
specify 
the 
weighting 
and 
application of the Relevant Currencies) 
 
 
(iii) Rate of Exchange and Aggregate Nominal 
Amount in the Relevant Currency/Currencies 
(Series/Tranche): 
[●] (please specify applicable exchange rate on 
the issue date, for example 1 USD = 0.77 EUR) 
resulting in an Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
[●] 
(include 
amount 
in 
the 
Relevant 
Currency/Currencies) 
 
 
(iv) Currency Price Source(s):  
[●] 
 
 
(v) Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(vi) Description of the formula to be used to 
determine the principal payable:  
[●] (fill in details of the formula in accordance 
with Condition 7 (b))  
 
(vii) Other terms or special conditions: 
[None/give details] 
 
 
 
 
(viii) Calculation Agent:  
[●]  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [if applicable, 
specify whether bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur), registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif administré) or fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[[Give name and details]/Not Applicable] (Note 
that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes 
on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate]

--- Page 100 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 91 - 
36-41045817 
 
24 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.  Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 
15 (vi) relates] 
25 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.  As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made] 
26 
Purchase in accordance with Article L.213-0-
1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only 
to Senior Notes) 
[Applicable] (Applicable only to Subordinated 
Notes) 
27 
Possibility 
to 
request 
identification 
information of the Noteholders provided by 
Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28 
Representation of Noteholder(s)/Masse 
[Applicable/Not Applicable as at the given 
date] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[The Representative shall be [●]] [include any 
alternate Representative if necessary] 
[The Representative will be entitled to a 
remuneration 
of 
[●] 
per 
year/The 
Representative will be entitled to an upfront fee 
of 
[●] 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Notes/The 
Representative will not be entitled to a 
remuneration] 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source).  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 101 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 92 - 
36-41045817 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [●].  
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
and admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market]] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]: 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Fitch Ratings:  [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[[The credit rating[s] referred to above 
[has]/[have] been issued by [●] [and [●]], 
[each of] which is established in the European 
Union, [is]/[has applied to be] registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") and is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs).]  
 
 
 
[The credit rating[s] referred to above 
[has]/[have] been issued by [●] which [is]/ [are] 
not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended.]

--- Page 102 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 93 - 
36-41045817 
 
 
 
[The credit rating[s] referred to above 
[has]/[have] been [issued]/[endorsed] by [●] 
[and [●]], [each of] which is established in the 
United Kingdom and [is]/ [has been] certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]  
 
[[●] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"), but is endorsed 
by [●] which is established in the European 
Union, 
registered 
under 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation and included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) 
in 
accordance with EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
ratings if this has previsously been published by 
the rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
 
 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer." 
[When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)]]

--- Page 103 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 94 - 
36-41045817 
 
4 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
 
Use of proceeds:  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will 
be applied by the Issuer for [its general 
corporate purposes/specify any other reasons]. 
  
[The net proceeds of the Notes will be allocated 
by the Issuer to a portfolio of eligible loans 
which will be used to finance eligible climate, 
social and/or sustainable projects pursuant to 
the AFD SDG Bond Framework as of 13 
October 2020 which is available on the website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.afd.fr/sites/afd/files/2020-10-07-
38-47/sdg-bond-framework-afd.pdf). A copy of 
the AFD SDG Bond Framework as of 13 
October 2020 may be obtained free of charge, 
during normal business hours, at the office of 
the Issuer located 5, rue Roland Barthes, 75012 
Paris, France.] 
 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds:  
 
[●] 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD  
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication 
of future yield.] 
6 
[Floating Rate Notes and Currency Linked Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES AND 
BENCHMARKS  
 
(i) 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SOFR] can be 
obtained, [but not] free of charge from 
[Reuters]./give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance.]

--- Page 104 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 95 - 
36-41045817 
 
 
(ii) 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/SOFR] 
which is provided by [•]. As at [•],[•] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended or 
supplemented 
(the 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [•] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/ [The [European Central Bank] 
[the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] does 
not currently fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the "Benchmarks Regulation") 
by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.]/[Not Applicable].] 
 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained)] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].] 
 
 
 
 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] [until the Exchange Date, [●] thereafter] 
 
Common Code: 
[FISN Code: 
 
 
 
[CFI Code 
 
 
 
[●] [until the Exchange Date, [●] thereafter] 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] (If the CFI and/or 
FISN is not required or requested, it/they 
should be specified to be "Not Applicable".)] 
 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / 
Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
France, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking SA and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
[and address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●]

--- Page 105 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 96 - 
36-41045817 
 
8 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Name of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(include names of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis and names of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers. Where not all of the 
issue is underwritten, include a statement of the 
portion not covered) 
 
(B) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iii) If non syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the 
Notes; [TEFRA C applies to Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA D applies to Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes]

--- Page 106 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 97 - 
36-41045817 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 16 
December 2022 (as amended from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank 
Atkiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, JP Morgan SE, Morgan 
Stanley Europe SE, Natixis and Société Générale (the "Permanent Dealers") and BNP Paribas, as arranger 
of the Programme (the "Arranger"), the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers.  
However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not 
Permanent Dealers (such dealers together with the Permanent Dealers, the "Dealers").  The Notes may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, as determined by the relevant Dealer, at the 
time of such resale. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers acting as agents of the 
Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer(s) a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by such Dealer.   
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes.  The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
procure subscription or, failing which, subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such 
Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, 
sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the 
following:  
 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and/or

--- Page 107 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 98 - 
36-41045817 
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the 
following:  
 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and/or  
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
 
Additional United Kingdom restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
France  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
and defined in Article 2(e) of EU Prospectus Regulation, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused 
to be distributed, and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors, 
this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Japan  
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and

--- Page 108 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 99 - 
36-41045817 
 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act") and has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan.  
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to agree, that this Base Prospectus is not 
intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The Notes may not be 
publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services 
Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and in compliance with any rules made under the SFO; or 
(ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus", as defined in 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors", as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
PRC 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that this Base Prospectus, the Notes, and any material or information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes, have not been, and 
will not be submitted to become, approved/verified by, or registered with, any relevant government 
authorities under PRC law. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that the Notes are not being offered 
or sold and may not be offered or sold by it, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes and the 
remaining references to "PRC" in this paragraph "PRC", not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special 
Administrative Regions or Taiwan) except as permitted by the securities laws of the PRC and this Base 
Prospectus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for 
subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC directly or indirectly. The material or information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell 
or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by any person in the PRC. The Notes may only be offered 
or sold to PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the purchase of Notes of the type being offered or 
sold. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed to and with the relevant Issuer that it has not made, and will not 
make, any offers, promotions, or solicitations for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC,

--- Page 109 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 100 - 
36-41045817 
 
except where permitted by competent authorities or where the activity otherwise is permitted under the 
PRC law. Each Dealer should ensure that the relevant PRC investors have noted or will note that they are 
responsible for informing themselves about observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all 
relevant government regulatory approvals/licenses, verifications and/or registrations from all relevant 
governmental authorities (including but not limited to the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the 
China Banking Regulatory Commission, the China Insurance Regulatory Commission, the People's Bank 
of China and/or the State Administration of Foreign Exchange), and complying with all the applicable PRC 
regulations, including but not limited to any relevant PRC foreign exchange regulations and/or foreign 
investment regulations. 
Singapore  
Each Permanent Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and that the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under 
the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"). Accordingly, each Permanent Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or 
cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an Accredited Investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in 
that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or where the transfer of securities of such 
corporation arises from an offer referred to in Section 275 (1)(A) of the SFA or an offer referred 
to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA;  
(5)  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 110 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 101 - 
36-41045817 
 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither 
the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 111 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 102 - 
36-41045817 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
AMF approval and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF under number 22-490 on 16 December 2022 
in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The AMF 
has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of 
the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market. In accordance with Article 25 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, a request may be made for the notification of a certificate of approval to 
any competent authority of any Member State of the EEA, in order for Notes issued hereunder to 
be listed and admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market. 
2. 
Consents, approvals and authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in the Republic of France in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
A resolution of the Conseil d'administration (board of directors) of the Issuer was passed on 25 
January 2022, authorising the Directeur Général of the Issuer to borrow by, inter alia, issuing 
bonds in the international markets for a period of one year.  
3. 
Validity of Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for 
twelve (12) months after its approval by the AMF, until 16 December 2023, provided that it shall 
be completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus 
will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
4. 
LEI Code 
The Issuer's LEI code is 9695008K5N8MKIT4XJ91. 
5. 
No significant change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial 
position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 30 June 2022. 
6. 
No material adverse change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the  
prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2021. 
7. 
Long-term debt of the Issuer 
As of 30 September 2022, the long-term debt (defined as "Emprunts obligataires" and "Dettes 
subordonnées") of the Issuer as compared with amounts shown in the 31 December 2021 
consolidated balance sheet has increased by EUR 5.2 billion.  
8. 
No governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
during the last twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or

--- Page 112 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 103 - 
36-41045817 
 
have had in the recent past significant effects in the context of the issue of the Notes, on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
9. 
No potential conflicts of interest 
To the Issuer's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests 
and/or other duties of the members of the administrative and management bodies of the Issuer and 
the duties they owe to the Issuer. 
10. 
Statutory Auditors 
BDO and KPMG S.A. have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.  
BDO and KPMG S.A. are registered as Commissaires aux Comptes (members of the Compagnie 
Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes).  
11. 
Clearing Systems 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France 
and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream systems. The Common Code and the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of 
Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. The 
address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depository). Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed 
either with the Issuer or with the registration agent. The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de 
la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
12. 
Documents on display 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will 
be available on the Issuer's website (http://www.afd.fr/en/investors-page): 
(i) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2021 Universal Registration Document and 
the 2022 Half Year Financial Report; 
(iii) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Paris and/or any other stock exchange; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus;  
(v) 
the SDG Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion; and 
(vi) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any 
expert any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the following documents will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org): 
(i) the 2020 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Universal Registration Document; 
(ii) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Paris and/or any other stock exchange; and

--- Page 113 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 104 - 
36-41045817 
 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
The Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Temporary Global Certificates of the 
Definitive Materialised Notes, of the Coupons, of the Receipts and of the Talons) will be available 
during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), 
for inspection free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer. 
If the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, the relevant Final Terms to those Notes will 
provide whether additional methods of publication are required and what they consist of. 
13. 
Yield 
The yield of a particular Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated at the relevant Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price set out in the relevant Final Terms.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
14. 
Credit ratings  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term Issuer Default Rating of the Issuer assigned 
by Fitch Ratings is AA and the long-term corporate rating of the Issuer assigned by S&P is AA. 
Fitch Ratings has assigned the Programme an unsecured long-term rating at AA and the 
Programme has been rated AA by S&P. Credit ratings included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus have been issued by Fitch Ratings and S&P, each of which is established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the Notes will 
be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
15. 
Currency 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"CNY" and "Renminbi" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China, excluding 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region and 
Taiwan, references to "€", "Euro", "EURO" and "EUR" are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing 
the European Communities as amended, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and 
"Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "HKD" are to the 
lawful currency of Hong Kong, references to the "U.S." and the "United States" are to the United 
States of America and references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America. 
16. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer (or Dealers) (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of the 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the price of the relevant Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation action may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the relevant Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules.

--- Page 114 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 105 - 
36-41045817 
 
17. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain 
statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business 
strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and 
technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all 
statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", 
"anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak 
only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or 
estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. 
18. 
Post-issuance information  
 
Relevant Final Terms may specify that the Issuer will not provide post-issuance information if not 
otherwise required by all applicable laws and regulations. In such an event, investors will not be 
entitled to obtain such information from the Issuer. 
 
19. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be 
included in the relevant Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the 
"benchmark" is included in the ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the European Central Bank and the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York do not currently fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 115 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 106 - 
36-41045817 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Agence Française de Développement 
Represented by Thibaut Makarovsky,  Head of Funding and Market Operations  
(Responsable de la division Financement et Opérations de Marché) 
16 December 2022 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the 
Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity 
to invest in such Notes. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 16 December 2022 and is valid until 16 December 2023 and 
shall during this period, in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors 
or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has been given the following approval number: 22-490.

--- Page 116 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 107 - 
36-41045817 
 
HEADQUARTERS OF AFD 
5, rue Roland Barthes 
75598 Paris Cedex 12 
France 
 
ARRANGER 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe S.A 
51, rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex  
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10, 
 D-60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38 avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris  
France 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18, 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main, 
Germany 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann  
75009 Paris  
France

--- Page 117 ---
Base Prospectus – 16 December 2022 
10246269620-v15 
- 108 - 
36-41045817 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS  
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
AUDITORS 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour EQHO  
2 avenue Gambetta  
92066 Paris-La-Défense 
France 
BDO 
43-47 Avenue de la Grande-Armée  
75116 Paris  
France 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuer 
to the Dealers 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058  
75377 Paris Cedex 08  
France 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15 rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris  
France